Legal to prevent former employee from working with competitor? If our former employee is moving to a competitor and would inevitably disclose his former employer's trade secrets
Benefits of acquiring another company's assets? We are looking into acquiring a small company with a few employees and little revenue
Including arbitration clause in vendor agreements My company is drafting up a general contract when engaging our outside vendors.  To protect our company from costly litigation
If a dad hasn't seen his child in four years but pays support is he entitled to custody? If a dad hasn't seen his child in four years but pays support is he entitled to custody?
Will judge accept divorce papers if separation agreement not signed but not required by law? I used LegalZoom to prep papers for an NC uncontested divorce. In the divorce complaint
I filed for a divorce in the state of California. My husband responded with an annulment. We were married in 2004. He bought a house for me to live in 2008. He never put my name on the deed. He did not live there but came to visit once a week for 2 years. Can he get an annulment?
If your property has a lien against it
How to stop competitor from using company name and logo in advertising? We recently discovered that over the last month
Is defamation of character in employment under personal injury lawyers? Is defamation of character in employment under personal injury lawyers?
How to get paid when employer in Chapter 11 at hiring? We did construction work for a man 10 months ago.  After the work was finished
How do I pay salary to foreign co-founders that remain overseas? We are still early-stage
Am I obligated to pay for the unused sessions if I was not satisfied with the services and we had a verbal agreement? I hired a coach to help me start a business. I verbally agreed over the phone to pay her a set amount over 5 months.  The conversation was recorded.  I went to my first coaching session and was not satisfied with the service.  Am I obligated to pay for the unused sessions?  I live in California.  Thanks
Should marketing agencies sign NDAs to maintain confidentiality? Our company is about to launch a new service and in order to promote those services
Can you provide me the law that says I must pay a direct un-apportioned tax? I have been studying taxes for some time now
What is the proper way to marry someone with a work visa from Israel when I'm a US citizen? I am a US citizen. I met someone and want to marry them. She is a citizen of Israel and is here in a work visa. What is the proper way to go about this in the state of new york?
Protecting intellectual property developed overseas? We are a company interested in developing a software program with engineers in India. How can we protect the intellectual property we purchased from and developed by the engineers in India?
Tenant gave first and last month's rent then requests deposit back. A tenant moved in and out in a less than a month. She paid first and last months rent. The receipt states first and last. Tenant gave less than a 2 weeks notice as to intended move. She is requesting her deposit back. Am I obligated to return the last months rent? Tenant has no rental contract.
Steps before adopting company or product name? My company is an early stage startup in stealth mode that is planning to launch a new product.  We are in the process of coming up with a company name and a name for our product. What steps should I take before I adopt a company name or new product name?
How do I stop a notice to vacate? How to stop a notice to vacate?
How to determine if Ebbert v. Ebbert 459 A.2d 282 federal or state case? Ebbert v. Ebbert
Does contract bind me to stay with employer for period of time? If an employer makes you sign a contract to stay with them for a certain time
How to change from LLC to corporation? Upon the advice of my accountant
What are common ways to distribute equity of company? I'm lucky enough to have someone willing to work for equity. I want her to feel compensated soon
Do I stand any grounds with a signed deal memo but now getting screwed? Is a deal memo legally binding once all parties agree and sign in front of CPA in the state of New York especially if I was the deal maker?
Can you stop debt collectors from calling a nursing home to a 90 year old? Can you stop debt collectors from calling a nursing home to a 90 year old?
I would like to know if my 2-month contract jobs will affect my green card process? Hi:I am currently at h1-b status
Have my consumer rights been violated? Good afternoon
Can I charge fee for workshop using book authored by another? Can I charge a fee for conducting a workshop to teach material from a book I did not write?
Need Debt Settlement I have a debt of total $20
How is only child beneficiary affected if attorney named executor and trustee? My question is about wills and estates. My mother is 91 and her attorney convinced her to make changes to her last will and testament form that names the attorney as executor and trustee. I am the only child and I wonder how that affects my position as beneficiary?
How to resolve employee's previous misdemeanors for H1B visa? I obtained a H1B visa for an employee after a long process
Does live streaming choir concert for free violate copyright? My school wants to live stream a choir concert for free viewing. Is this a violation of copyright law?
Questions about incorporating a company in the US? Hi. We want to incorporate a company in the US and so need to work with someone who knows the subject and can get it done for us. The following is the base information. 1. The main investment will be from a company based out of India and which is a tax resident of India.2. The company wants to launch a dietary supplement in the US which will be sold via the internet as well as through the retail channel. 3. We have been advised to make the investment via a 2 layer corporate structure. 4. The India company should invest in a US entity
Can new mobile marketing technique be patented? Can a new technique of mobile marketing be patented
What is the law on expiration dates on gift certificates? What is the law on expiration dates on gift certificates?
Will my property go to the state of California if I don't have a will? I don't have a living trust or a last will and testament form.  Will the state get my property?
How to open bank account in NY or Wilmington without EIN or ITIN? I am a foreigner & I recently incorporated an LLC in Delaware. I would like to open a bank account in either New York or Willmington in order to accept payments through Paypal. I am visiting New York in 10 days and would like to take advantage of my trip to open the account. I have no EIN nor ITIN.What should I do?
Obligations under an Employment Authorization Card I am Mexican. Currently I have both a student F1 visa and a tourist visa. Using my F1 visa I applied for OPT and already obtained an Employment Authorization Card that will expire on Feb 2013. Can I live in Mexico during the validity of my EAC? Do I have a limit of time to obtain a job in the US? Can I cross the US-Mexico border using my tourist visa?
What to expect when served with complaint? What can a defendant served with a complaint generally expect?
Why and what to do about restaurant owner claiming higher amount of tips on my paychecks? Why and what to do about restaurant owner claiming higher amount of tips on my paychecks?
Do I maintain copyright if compensated for writing music? I have written a musical score for another person's video/short film.  In compensation I was paid several hundred dollars.  Do I maintain the copyright for the music?  How does this work?
If I want to end my engagement
When a corporate employee is terminated
How to solicit money on websites without violating SEC? How can companies solicit money by post their stock/money raising offerings on group websites without running afoul of the SEC rules?
If I have been married to this man for 20 years
Tax issues in granted restricted stock in revenue-generating startup I am joining a startup that has generated $100k in revenue over the past 2 months.  I am curious about the following:1) How do we determine the value of the company
Is it practical to register website pages for early stage startup? I would like to protect my website's original content from being copied by competitors.  I believe a copyright is automatically granted for my content.  However
I'm losing my Quiznos business and we need legal advise of what needs to be done. Should we file for bankruptcy or are there other ways to come out clean?
What are my rights to sue for breaking the lease agreement? My landlord broke the lease agreement as well as overcharged me for the deposit. Now she wants me to move out. I just moved in 3/17/12 and I am pregnant. I would like to know about my legal rights to sue for breaking the lease agreement and moving expenses w/inconvenience.
If you have a lease from a landlord renting you out his house and he sells it before your lease is up
From a cost and legal perspective
How do I get a divorce from someone who is in prison and continues to move around as do I?  How do I get a divorce from someone who is in prison and continues to move around as do I? We have been separated for 6 years.
Company asking for same transfer and assignment rights in reselling SaaS software service. Another company wants to white-label and resell our SaaS software service.  In the terms
What are legitimate income streams for H1B visa holder? What are the legitimate income streams for an H1B visa holder? Can he start a business and earn money? Can he write books and earn royalty?
How to protect trade secrets when disclosing to investors? How do I protect my trade secrets which are described in a provisional patent application?  I have to disclose them to collaborators and investors in order to develop the resources to start up a company.
Negotiating liquidation preferences? I'm the CEO and Co-Founder of a startup
What business type for two general partners with limited liability? What is the best business type to register as with two general partners who want limited liability for each other and for the business? Also the partners are not the investors.
Our startup wants to offer a convertible note to investors and service providers which converts into a phantom share program. How can we structure that?
Can I keep the security deposit and  request the balance of the rent minus the 7 days? My tenant was on a month to month rental agreement which means she has to give me 30 days notice.  She only gave me 7 days notice.  I have a security deposit that equals half a months rent.  Can I keep the security deposit and  request the balance of the rent minus the 7 days?  If so
Timeline for sponsoring an H1B visa
I'm starting a new company & I'm trying to dissolve with my current business partner. This is a franchise and they have agreed to release fully even with the non-compete. But
How to register business in US for non-resident? How to register business in US for non-resident?
Obtaining H-1B visas to recruit employees overseas? My company wants to recruit some talented software engineers from overseas. How do I apply for H-1B visas for employees I want to hire from India and China?
Do Co-founders count as employees? I am preparing to start home-based small business with two other (non family) co-founders and I found out that I cannot register my apt that I am renting as the business location as I have non-family members working for the company. It is the zoning code by San Mateo County that says All employees of the business must be residents in the dwelling. I understand the point in general but my business is totally online based service and three of us
Exactly what is a deed in lieu of? I have been unable to sell my home and must leave the area. I was advised by a friend to consider a deed in lieu of to the bank. Exactly what is a deed in lieu of?
What do the trustee letters from receiving a full reconveyance and substitution mean? I live in California and received a full reconveyance and substitution of trustee letter from the county clerks office after I refinanced my house; what do these letters mean?
Is it legally required to have shareholder and yearly board meeting for small family C corp? For small family C corporations
What is the cheapest way to set up an American company in order to be able to make a set up for intra-company VISA? What is the cheapest way to set up an American company in order to be able to make a set up for intra-company VISA?
How should I structure my investment contracts? In case of start up - how should I structure my investment contracts
If you authorize a service repair and then in less than 24 hours call to cancel the contract before the work is performed can the company go ahead with the work and charge you anyways even though you verbally cancelled? If you authorize a service repair and then in less than 24 hours call to cancel the contract before the work is performed can the company go ahead with the work and charge you anyways even though you verbally cancelled?
If a spouse passes
How much does my business logo need to change to not raise legal issues with my old graphic design firm? How much does my current business logo and packaging design need to change to not raise legal issues with my old graphic design firm
Do I have to be a U.S citizen to petition my husband?  I am a green card holder and I'm here in California. I just got married in Aug. 2011 in the Philippines and I would like to bring my husband in the U.S. What should I do? Do I have to be a U.S citizen to petition my husband? What is the fastest way to bring him here? Thank you. Please respond.
If married less than a year in CA with no kids
Does it help to have attorney when applying for service mark? I need to apply for a service mark: a business that i started several years ago. Is there any benefit to having an attorney involved in this? Or should i just apply on the official gov website? Thanks
What are best reasons for hiring lawyer to incorporate start-up? What are the most compelling reasons for hiring a business lawyer to do a start-up's incorporation
Does home-based fitness consulting business need liability insurance? Do I need Liability Insurance for a home-based Fitness Consulting business?
I want to know when to file for a trademark? I want to know when to file for a trademark?
Can a private investigator or anyone record me without my consent? Can a private investigator or any one record me without my consent?
What is most cost effective way to patent company name? What's the most cost effective way to patent a company name?
Do I have rights to self-mailed patented idea that is stolen? If you hobo patent an idea (mail it to yourself) and someone steals your idea
Can I sue my boss for telling lies about me to my co-workers? I was recently fired from my job. I agree with the terms of my termination. While I was downstairs signing the write up
If my husband incorporates his dba and I am not an officer or partner and we separate or divorce am I entitled to any part of the business? Currently my husband is operating his business as a dba. If he incorporates and I am not an officer or partner and we separate or divorce am I entitled to any part of the businesss?
Can judge force married co-defendants to have no contact? My husband and I are co-defendants in a case and the judge said that we can't have contact with each other
I am looking for a patent attorney with extensive experience in webservices. I am currently drafting a patent for a webservice. I need a lawyer for filing a provisional patent application.
I like to patent a product
What taxes or laws should I know to start housecleaning business? What kind of taxes or laws would I need to know to start a housecleaning business?
Does registering trade name with USPTO give right to use it? If I register a trade name with the USPTO and then a business comes out later and can show that they have been using that trade name before I registered with the USPTO do they get the right to use it? I see that they have registered it with the state. Note: we are the same type of business.
Is it reasonable for me to ask for equal ownership? I am working on a startup with 2 partners. The idea was mine
Is website with legally purchased music for download infringing copyright? If I purchase music legally and load this music to my website and I then allow people to download this music to their MP3 players
What will be the maximum punishment if my friend's wife shoplifted $270 worth of items? My friend's wife got arrested for shoplifting $270 worth of items. She has a court date given too. She is really worried and guilty now. Going mentally harassing herself due to her guilty feeling. I Am trying to know what will be the maximum punishment she can expect? Please advise.
Can I sue motel for bedbugs? Can I sue a motel for having bedbugs?
Take action against my old landlord who isn't returning my security deposit? How do I take action against my old landlord who is not returning my security deposit?
What is the procedure to make a spin-off company of my current company? I am an aspiring entrepreneur
Pros and cons of non-exclusive versus exclusive company patent license? We are an early stage company that has limited revenue but owns the rights to some key patents. There are a number of companies who are interested in licensing our patents on either an exclusive or non-exclusive basis. What are the pros and cons of entering into an exclusive versus non-exclusive technology licensing agreement for our key patents?
Will adult be punished if parent allows sex with underage daughter? When I was 15 years old I WILLINGLY had sex with a twenty year old guy and ended up getting pregnant. When I told my mom about it she was fine with the whole situation. She allowed him to stay the night with me etc. If she tries to press charges on him now because she gets mad
How many interrogatories and request for admissions allowed in California Civil Discovery? I wanted to clarify the number of interrogatories and request for admissions that are allowed during discovery in CA. Is it possible to combine 1 set of form interrogatories
Is my company name trademark-friendly? Can I file a trademark for the term (also my company name) Pork & Beans or is it too generic? My company is a new startup making cans of pork and beans. I've seen trademarks get rejected when the meaning of the words in the trademark describe the product or service (I forgot what that's called).
Is there a limit on how long a living trust can exist after the death of the grantor?  Is there a limit on how long a living trust can exist after the death of the grantor?  My wife and her sisters are beneficiaries of a trust their father created.  He has been dead for 5 years and the successor (one of the sisters) has never sold the home and distributed the proceeds.  Can this go on indefinitely?
Do I need to incorporate if I want to start a photography business? I want to start a photography business. Do I need to incorporate?
Is the notary legally binding? I can't afford a lawyer
Does ex-husband have to pay children's travel costs if wife out of state? I am trying to move out of state.  My ex husband said he would consider agreeing to it if he does not pay child support and he does not have to pay any of the cost for the kids to see him when it is his time with the kids.  Can I legally get him to pay half travel expense?
Breach of Contract I purchased 2 Puppies. The Breeder Guaranteed Hips and Health of the Puppies. Hips wont come into play til they are around 2yrs old however
Foreign company incorporating in US I own an Italian company
In which court do I file 170.1 against judge in Los Angeles county? I want to file a 170.1 against a Judge in Los Angeles county.  Do I have to file in the same court or can I also file in the central branch in Los Angeles?
What legal aspects to keep in mind when C-corp startup uses investor broker? What legal aspects should be had in mind when a C Corp startup uses an investor broker such as CapLinked? How safe is it to just pay them the fee for exchanging contact details with the investors?
How to prevent estranged wife from returning home? My wife left me 9 months ago and now she says she coming back into the home she abandoned. What can I do to prevent this?
Is my IP worth spending the money to protect? I have a provisional patent for the concept behind and the novel use of technology for a free to play social game.  The concept has since evolved to development as a mobile app.  I have a short time to file the non provisional application and need to know if the IP is worth spending the money to protect?
Level of disclosure to potential acquirer about company technology? We are currently engaging in initial discussions with a potential acquirer.  How much information about our core technology do you recommend we provide upfront to the potential acquirer before we agree on the definitive terms of the acquisition in a term sheet?
Do I need to file for LLC again when moving to different state? I have an LLC registered in a certain state.  I plan on moving to another state and moving my business there as well.  Do I need to file for an LLC again when I move my business to the other state?
How can a senior citizen get back all his property? He was manipulated into signing away to a scheming son. The senior citizen is on medication and is sick. Also he can't remember when he signed any documents.
Does company own rights to materials submitted by site users? Our company publishes content submitted by our users on our social networking website to attract like-minded users.  Because it has been voluntarily submitted to our site
What to include in Private Placement Memorandum? I am about to begin raising a second round from angels. How much am I required to include in a PPM? What specifically needs to be included beyond the obvious
How can I protect the name of my non-profit organization?  How can I protect the name of my non-profit organization? Should I trademark or service mark the name?
Can exercises be copyrighted?  I want to produce a facial exercise video using another's person's exercises.  Is that legal? None
Would LLC or Inc be better for Brazilian subsidiary in US? We are a startup funded by venture capital in Brazil and we will have to create a subsidiary in US to support our operations.So
Can one allow specific relative to obtain death certificate once deceased? How does one stop any relative or only allow a specific relative to obtain his death certificate once he is deceased?
What are risks of filing provisional patent application without lawyer? Should we use a lawyer to file a provisional patent application?  If we choose not to
What can you do if someone sends you a bill that you know nothing about and the company that sent it to you and knows nothing about it either? What can you do if someone sends you a bill that you know nothing about and the company that sent it to you and knows nothing about it either?
What is the value of incorporating if my accountant is suing me personally for work done for my corporation? My accountant is suing me personally for work done for my corporation.  Can this be right
Under what conditions is a start-up co-founder excluded from US Minimum Wage Laws? Under what conditions is a start-up co-founder excluded from US Minimum Wage Laws?
Reviewing sales agreement and technical consulting partner agreement. I need to have a sales agreement and technical consulting partner agreement reviewed for my company. We are not US based
Which state to file small claims if parties in different states? Hello
Can my partner file an Aos process for my 15 year old son to get the green card or employment authorization and what forms do we have file? Hi
In small claims court if the summons could not be delivered to the defendant
Can I do medical bankruptcy if ex-husband's whereabouts unknown? I am divorced don't know where my ex is. He had lots of medical bills and they are on my credit report. Can I do a medical bankruptcy even though I don't know where he is?
Need lawyer for trademark infringement by other companies. I am looking for a lawyer to help us to protect our Trademark.  We produce a magazine as well as a conference and wesite under this mark. There are several companies out there now that I believe are violating our trademank and need your help in stopping them.  They are offering subscriptions to their service.  They are in the same field as we are.
Is it legal for the leasing manager to remove me if I'm staying with my boyfriend in the same apartment complex? I was evicted from my apartment on Friday due to financial hardship which lead to failure to pay rent. I am temporarily residing with my boyfriend
Breaking lease under company name when EIN is my SSN. I am breaking a lease/closing the company. The lease is under the company name but when the lease was signed the company did not exist yet and did not have an EIN so the EIN is my social security number. If they decide to go after the money for the remainder who is liable me or the company?
Can I resell Hershey kisses in party favor bags? I want to make party favor bags for weddings and parties and include in the bags Hershey kisses candy and want to sell it for profit. Is it legal to resell the Hershey kisses in my party bags?
Help with collection agencies suing for non-payment? My collection agency was (sold) to another collection agency
My company is sole owner LLC w/ 1099 contractors
Question about S-corp and hiring consultants? I am starting an S-corp and have two people helping me as consultants. As I do not have sufficient money to pay them and they do not want to invest in the company
Users post copyrighted materials on company's social networking website. Users on our company's social networking site are posting movies
How to franchise restaurant in California? I want to franchise my restaurant in California.  What needs to be done?  How long will it take to prepare the documents?  How much money will it cost to prepare all the documents?
Finding lawyer for representation in suit against college. Im trying to find a lawyer to represent me in a suit against my college that I attended. I'm not sure what category that would be in...
Is advisor referring investor to company legal? My goal is to hire an adviser/s to be a part of our company. This adviser will primarily have duties unrelated to investor introductions
Would it be an appropriate time to start thinking about drafting a will? I am wondering when it would be an appropriate time to start thinking about drafting a last will and testament sample.  I am 34 and just got married last year
Labor commissioner threatens to cancel appeal if bond not paid. My employee won a decision or award from labor commissioner. I appealed the decision and the commissioner sent me a letter stating that if I don't pay the bond they will ask the court to cancel the appeal. What should I do?
My wife and I have formed an LLC in OH this year to protect ourselves in case of an accident. We only rcv product from 1 vendor
How to find out if there is clear title and potential to restructure? My Wells Fargo Home Mortgage was sold to Lehman Brothers
Does allowing neighbor to put mailbox on property create easement or encumbrance? One of my PA neighbors (Mrs. Smith) recently allowed another neighbor (Mr. Jones) to put a mailbox on her property.  The USPS is delivering mail to this box.  Has this created an easement or other encumbrance on Mrs. Smith's property?  What if the box falls over and injures someone - is she liable?
Possible for my boyfriend
Is it legal to use free wallpaper image if not supplied letter of copyright? I signed up for a design firm that made a great cover for my book. However it came from a free wallpaper image. I am not sure that I can use it as they are unable to supply me with a letter of copyright.  The firm changed the image somewhat but I believe to be not enough.  I have tried to contact the free wallpaper company directly but they are a blanket umbrella company and cannot get in touch with anyone directly (but they do have a site to lodge complaints). I really want to use this image as my book should have gone into production yesterday and it will take several weeks to redesign it plus it works really great. Please advise.
If I'm paying 40% in child support to my ex and she is re-married
My new tentants continually send their rent in late. Our rental agreement states that the rent is due on the 1st of the month. I forgot to add a late fee charge in the lease. Can I amend/change the contract to include the late fee now? Is a verbal warning enough (legal) to charge the tenants a fee? None
How much to demand for injury and repairs in car accident? I was in a car accident and got whiplash. This occurred in CA
How to cancel LLC in California without fee. how can i cancel an LLC that i have formed as of November of last year without paying the $800 fee.i havent been able to send the $20 either to register with the franchise tax board.i have a business account that witnessed one check deposit and several personal check deposits and eventually debited the entire amount for personal needs.
Ex-employee expected to return partially paid bonus in full. Start with company X and signed travel reimbursement form. Company X would give me 5000 but I would have to work for 2 years. Time came to pay the 5000 but instead of giving me 5000 they gave me a bonus of 5000/tax deductible. I received 3600
Pediatric Negligence and Fraud My grandmother is very sickly and was her own power of attorney. Her son secretly took her from the hospis facility to change the documents when she was recovering from the stroke which is a major head injury. She could not even speak nor sign documents but he got her to change it to his honor while she had no knowledge of it. Now that she is doing better she does not even remember the event
What's the proper channel to go through to get certified for Safe Harbor? None
What is the best way to pay them their shares without making them employees? I have an LLC. I have three consultants working for me. I have agreed to pay them 4% equity each
Can aunt sell condo bequeathed to me without permission? My grandmother passed away.  She put me on her last will and testament sample for the condo to get passed down to my brother and I. My aunt sold the condo without are permission.  Can the aunt do that?
Is it legal if I was fired from my job 5 months ago and have yet to receive my finale paycheck? I was fired from my job 5 months ago and have yet to receive my finale paycheck for earned vacation for the year. Is there anything I can do and is that even legal?
Do I need to let boyfriend see daughter before going to court if he signed birth certificate? Hi I have a question about custody. My boyfriend signed my daughter's birth certificate and until we go to court and do a DNA test
Can I get fired for not wanting to sign a new company policy? Can I get fired for not wanting to sign a new company policy?
Can a sponsored relative who has his green card goes back to their country
How to avoid being sued by employees over termination issues? We're having termination issues at a small early-stage start-up and our employees are threatening to sue the company. What are the best practices we should follow to help us avoid being sued by our employees in the future?
Can I send a personal letter to the courts and my husband's lawyer stating this fact or do I have to send in lots of forms with it? I have 20 to respond to my husbands dissolution of marriage but am not currently in a financial position to secure a lawyer. Can I send a personal letter to the courts and my husband's lawyer stating this fact or do I have to send in lots of forms with it?
Is will made for first marriage null and void if I divorce? I made a last will and testament sample when I was married and my husband would get everything if I go first. We are now divorced and I am remarried. Do I need to undo this will or is it null and void cause he is no longer my husband?
Questions about start-up? I am looking at becoming a seed investor in a very early stage start-up.  I have worked through all the deal terms
If you have received a ticket for an expired tag in Florida
Legal for my lawyer to represent me and one of my co-defendants? My lawyer represented me and one of my co-defendants. Isn't that illegal?
Why do I have to reveal assets and debts when signing prenuptial? My fiance asked me to sign a prenuptial. He also wants me to fill out a schedule of assets and debts. Why do I have to reveal my assets and debts?
Will typos cause any more problems in the will for my daughter's future? We just received our last will and testament samples and power of attorneys . In reading over the documents I found typos. The main concern is that our daughter's last name has been mispelled in all areas. An i was placed where an e should be. Will this cause any problems for her in the future? Thank you Delores Wilson djw22109@gmail.com
Can I take off 2 hours after working 45 hours in one week for personal reasons? I am exempt.  I work about 45 to 50 hours a week.  Can I take off 2 hours after working 45 hours in one week for personal reasons?
What can we do to remove a non-performing partner as an owner? We have C-Corp with 3 owners. My husband and I are 70% combined and my father-in-law joined us 3 years after. We gave him 30% ownership. We have had MANY issues with him and he has had personal medical issues for almost 4 years and nonexistent in the business. He could care less except to receive and profits available. We have standard bylaws and we want to buy him out but he won't unless we give him an irrational amount. What can we do to remove him as an owner? We started the business and run the business without him for efficiently. We have had 2 business evaluations.
What happens when the LLC is forfeited? A coworker solicited me to start a Delaware LLC for the finance industry
What disclosures do I need to give to investors when raising a convertible debt seed round? I am raising a convertible debt seed round for my startup.  I am offering different caps on the investments based on how early in the round investors participate.  What disclosures should do I need to give investors?
is there a law in California that protects small companies against big companies?  is there a law in California that protects small companies against big companies? I am a distributor for a big company but i am afraid they can take their product away from us anytime. Once we do all the legwork and open the distribution channel how can I protect myself?
how long does it take a permanent resident to get his green card after arrival in the States? how long does it take a permanent resident to get his green card after arrival in the States?
How do I answer a foreclosure notice without a lawyer? How do I answer a foreclosure notice without a lawyer? I plan on getting one
How to get legal custody of my child? How to get legal custody of my child?
Question regarding unpaid invoices? I'm contract worker and do work mainly for 1 company.  However
Can my boss fire me if i report him to labor board for screwing me on my overtime? Can my boss fire me if i report him to labor board for screwing me on my overtime?
I'm working alone on a web start-up I outsourced that is almost complete. I was looking into required legal services. I'm located in PA and wanted to get incorporated in DE. What are general costs for things such as Trademarks/Copyrights
How can I get a green card through marriage to a US citizen? How can I get a green card through marriage to a US citizen?
I am a US citizen and I want to marry a Canadian Citizen. How can we remedy this? I am a US citizen and I want to marry a Canadian Citizen. We are both medical students rotating in Chicago
I contracted a photographer who subcontracted another photograher to assist her.  The subcontracted posted the pictures on her website without my permission.  Do I have any legal rights?
Can I claim IP rights by mailing idea to myself? I have developed a method for implementing certain software (i.e. the idea
Can company ask independent contractor to sign non-compete? If I am working as an independent contractor
Sister spent mother and siblings' share of father's estate. My sister is over my father's estate and spent all the money to which my mother and my other siblings' were entitled to fifty percent. They have not gotten anything. What can be done?
Choosing corporation versus limited liability company? My startup wants to choose a corporate entity
Common terms to be included in revenue sharing agreements? Our web-based company wishes to enter into a strategic partnership agreement with another web-based company. The agreement shall include a mutual revenue sharing component based on revenue generated by traffic from the other party's site. What are common terms that should be included in such an agreement to ensure that there are objective and enforceable standards to determine revenue?
Are invitation to mutual combat and mutual combat crimes? In California
Can I apply for citizenship if I've been living here for 3 1/2 years
How can for-profit business accept donations? I'd like to accept donations from the public through our website. The issue is that we are a FOR-profit business
Can my landlord evict me for no reason?
Nevada LLC conducting business in California. Hi
Possible for us to legally get married in USA before the divorce case is settled? i am an Indian citizen currently residing in USA and is a green card holder. I am an unmarried female living with my partner. My partner is also an Indian citizen residing in USA on H1 Visa. My partner was married once and is going through a divorce for the past 3 years in India. These are my questions1. Is it possible for us to legally get married in USA before the divorce case is settled?2. If not
How can I marry my fiance here if her passport expire 2 years a go?  I'm an American citizen. How can I marry my fiance here if her passport expire 2 years a go? We tried going to town hall but was rejected because of her passport.
Where can I go to get my will notarized? I just need to have my last will and testament template notarized.  Where can I go?
Is there a way I can access my trust funds if my parents say I can't? I have a trust fund through my family that was set up by my grandparents who have passed away. I am 29 years old and have been told by my parents that I am unable to control the money until they say so. I am trying to find out if there is any truth to this or if I'm capable of controlling it now.
How much does it cost if I want to register a trademark a name for Software Application? Hi I want to register a trademark a name for Software Application. Please let me know what is needed and cost involved.Let me know any additional question.Kind Regards Jose Perales
Do I need to incorporate my business first or can I obtain the permit as an individual? I am looking to obtain a reseller permit for my business. Do I need to incorporate my business first
Can we say the full amount given of contribution is tax-deductible? My 501(c)(3) non-profit is holding a fundraiser by silent auction. When we send our record of contribution letter to high bidders can we say the full amount given is tax-deductible or only the amount in excess of the value of the item auctioned? We are receiving conflicting advice. Any IRS-based guidance on this would be welcome. Thanks!
Am I eligible to file an S corp election? I perform my work through a single-member California LLC
My co-founder and I have added a member to our startup (an L.L.C.) for <5% stake.  What sort of contract would the new member have to sign?  Would it be a founder's agreement (although our new teammate is not a founder)?
What are pros and cons of forming LLC versus corporation? I am looking to form a new non-profit organization in California and apply for the federal 501 c 3 tax exemption status. What are the pros and cons of forming a LLC vs. a Corporation?The non-profit will have mainly an online service (website)
Can a company that you no longer work for print and use your recipes?
Husband and I took home study program
Do I need to form an LLC or can I make a business name for online? If I'm starting an online business
Are there potential legal/IP consequences if startup employees use own computers/laptops? If a startup asks its employees to use their own computers/laptops to save cost
Contractor's payment stopped on check. I completed work for a contractor for three months and the contractor still hasn't paid me in full. They recently gave me a check and I deposited it three days later but payment was stopped on check. What are my rights?
If a Defendant never sets foot in CA
How to get LLC operating agreement reviewed for fairness and revisions? I'm working with a startup that is organized as an LLC operating agreement. I've been offered a percentage of the company to join as a founder. The operating agreement is heavily biased in favor of the existing
Are companies required to tell independent contractors the gross revenue upon request? As a independent contractor
I have a product idea. What would the first steps be to protect my idea (patent
Pros and cons for incorporating bootstrapping information technology start-up? For incorporating a bootstrapping information technology start-up:a. What is the  better option: LLC or C Corp (converting to S Corp)?b. Is there something else that can be done to save money? c. Can an LLC be easily converted to a C-Corp?d. What kind of a corporation structure do investors favor?
If I don't have a patent on my idea
I want to trademark my company name Fish Geeks LLC. If a business is operating under a name that is not a registered trademark
Would it be a breach of copyright laws if we use cartoon characters for out tumbling center? We are going to open a Trampoline and Tumbling center and would like to draw characters like Sponge Bob
Can I make crafts that resemble copyrighted characters as long as I don't claim them officially? I am a craftswoman. Can I make crafts that resemble copyrighted characters as long as I don't claim that what I made is an official character and is supported by nick Jr or Disney? Also I don't mass produce
How do we know if we should purchase a trademark and what steps would we take to begin this process? We own a small business and our business name is not yet trademarked... How do we know if we should purchase a trademark and what steps would we take to begin this process?
What are the legal ramifications of using a logo from a college or university on a blanket
Can I be sued for tortuous interference if I report IP infringement to Facebook? I have a small start-up web site that owns a trademark The Perfect Gift. A large co. has recently launched an ad campaign titled The Perfect Gift for their Christmas show.  I offered license the trademark but they refused and threatened to sue me if I report an infringement of IP to Facebook. My LLC company owns the only LIVE trademark registration on The Perfect Gift even though there are many other variations and phrases which include the words Perfect and Gift.The Facebook terms of use state that a user (the large company) is not using the IP of others (my trademark The Perfect Gift. If I ask Facebook to look at their page for IP infringement could I be sued for tortuous interference?
What are my rights on how to handle a miscommunication on contracts? My business sells a product to this other business. My 17-year-old son makes a delivery to this business. Unknown to me the owner of this business have my son sign a contract which I never found out about until the demand for the product became to great and I could not supply this business any more with the product needed
Wish to buy the assets of another start-up company when we are a small start-up? We are a small start-up company wishing to buy the assets of another start up company. We have agreed on the structure and payments. Can you help us prepare the document?
Where can I download a legal document for an agreement between a sales rep? I need an agreement between a sales rep and myself.  Where can I download a legal document?
What is the best way to allocate equity and deal with other situations? I am involved in a start-up and we're not sure how to allocate everyone's equity.  Right now it is simply based on $
How to protect original works when submitting to companies? Greetings:My wife and I want to start a business where we author marketing slogans and jingles for commercial retail businesses in many categories.  So how can we submit our original works to companies and be sure they can't steal and use our work without paying us?
Should I get an attorney to help with filing for a Trademark? Should I get an attorney to help with filing for a Trademark? I'm on an extremely tight like still in my kitchen but hope to lease a space within the next 8 months type of budget.
Would like to keep our company name while selling to the US market but we are in the UK? Trademark issue: I own a small company in the UK and we are starting our company here in the US as well under the same name
How to file manufacturing startup? Hi
How do I develop terms of use and a privacy policy for my website?  How do I develop terms of use and a privacy policy for my website?
How does a music license work?  How does a music license work? After I get it can I use any song I want? What if bmi and ascpa do not have a song that I want to use? Like a remix? It's for my dance fitness class.
Question regarding invention idea and I have one company designing a 3D prototype? Hello
How can I get a green card? How can I get a green card?
How will my visit to England affect my being a permanent resident of the US? Im currently a legal permanent resident of the US but want to go back home to England to visit for a year.  My 13-year-old son will remain here in the US with his father who I am no longer married to.  How will this affect my being a permanent resident of the US?
Can I get paid for my efforts and my share in the company etc? I am a F1-student due in course to complete my PhD. I'm toying an idea of starting a business with American citizens as my partners. I will get my fair share in the partnership and will play a major role in setting up the company. What are the legality issues involved? Can I get paid for my efforts
I am looking to setup a small angel fund ($5 to $10mm) for investing in tech start-ups. What is the best structure for the company/fund? Goals are to minimize legal and accounting costs
Documents required for seed/angel round of financing If a company wants to keep costs down
Is it legal to sell brand name replicas with logo on online site? I have an online retail business. Can I legally use a supplier that has replicas of name brand items and advertise those products on my site if the replicas look very closely like the real brand products and have the logo? I also have the website for the products in question so that you can examine.
What would be the fastest way to shut down a clone site with a .org extension? We recently discovered that the clone site of our company was opened
What is best legal definition for small tech business on college campus? I am starting a small tech business on a college campus with two additional co-founders. What is the best legal definition for the business? Should we form a general partnership and then when the business takes off convert into a corporation? Or should we just start out as a corporation?
Is it legal to incorporate in Delaware if not living there? I have an ecommerce site and plan to do business with people all over the world.  I live in Rhode Island
Hello !  I want to register a website name www.usparivar.org. Do I need to take permission from govt. before I get this site registered?
Does hypnosis development need copyright? I developed a way to do healing hypnosis over the internet using skype - I teach this development at the hypnosis school where I am employed.  I now need to know if I need a copyright on my development?
Former employer will not say why I was let go. I sent several emails to a former employer asking why I was let go without response until they said they will sue me if I continue.  I sent one final email after that. Can they sue?I did not threat anything in my emails or call names. I just asked why and stated my side.
How to have actions dismissed with prejudice? I have sued the tenants who have destroyed my house/property for damages
What is the life of a patent? None
What is best way for startup to structure compensation for board of advisors? What is the best way for a Startup to structure compensation to its Board of Advisors? Do each usually get equal compensation
What is tax liability on founders of new LLC receiving angel investment? I am forming a new company and receiving an Angel investment of $100
What first steps to take regarding patents and provisional patents? Seems like there is much debate on this and I was wondering what the exerts would say. I recently listened too  http://bit.ly/rfUPP9 When Patents Attack on NPR and as a pre-seed startup working to innovate and disrupt the startup launch  vehicle it's not me all thinking about getting my patents in... I am not a patent atty
I'm from Saudi Arabia and I'm interested in the booming startups and I would like to invest and maybe co-found some ideas in the US market. Is it possible to execute either way and what is required for me to do so (e.g. hire a lawyer to represent me in any investment in startups)?
I helped a friend start a tattoo shop in 8/2010. We parted ways and his shop didn't do well so he's offering it to me
Can I bring 2 other people into sole member LLC? I recently formed a sole member LLC with the intention of bringing 2 others into the business gradually over the next few years. Now someone is telling me that I will have to form another LLC as a partnership. Which is correct? This LLC is in NY.
A friend and I started a small business. We made no money from it
Is it a lawsuit if I got sick from a can of peanuts with a dead grasshopper in it? I purchased a can of peanut patch green boiled peanuts from a local dollar tree and after eating half of the can I found a large red dead grasshopper inside the can. I immediately got sick and had to go to the hospital. Is this a lawsuit?
Is wife entitled to cars in divorce if titles in husband's name? My husband and I own 2 cars. The titles to both cars are in his name. He told me if I take one of the cars to go to work
Can I be charged for taking someone's property but return? I took something from someone's home but returned it. Can I still be charged?
I live in Florida but was convicted for a DUI charge in MA. I got administrative probation
Is it legal to give money to a profit club
Question regarding my dog biting a door to door salesman?  My dog bit a door to door salesman. He did not break skin but bruised his leg. He is asking I pay him his lost wages for the two days he was off work due to his leg hurting. If I refuse
Will medical bankruptcy stop wage garnishment by medical bill company? If a medical bill company garnishes my wages
Is a will from the internet legal if notarized? Is a last will and testament template from the internet legal if notarized?
Can I dissolve my uncle's marriage for him when he's too lazy? My uncle doesn't have time to go to do all the paper work and that stuff. he wants to resolve his marriage. Can I do all that stuff for him?
Can husband take child in divorce if wife not deemed unfit? My husband is in the Marine Corp and I am looking into divorce. I have 2 children of my own and one with him
How to get greencard paperwork after overstaying tourist visa? Hi
If a renter has a verbal month to month agreement
In a child custody case
Can my daughter sue a dog food company because the treats they have been selling are making dogs sick and dying due to renal failure?  Can my daughter sue a dog food company because the treats they have been selling are making dogs sick and dying due to renal failure?  There are many many comments about the very same thing.  She was giving him Wagon Train (Milo's Kitchen) chicken jerky treats.  They were the only ones he would eat.  He became sick mid February and he died on the 24th due to the kidney failure
Is legal to charge a full month's rent when you moved in on the 11th? Is legal to charge a full month's rent when you moved in on the 11th?
Are personal assets protected if I lease home through LLC? Are my personal assets protected if I lease a home through an LLC even if the home is still in my name?
When you are served divorce papers and can't find a lawyer
Is it legal for a landlord to use her dead mother name to buy property and  rent to others under that name?  Is it legal for a landlord to use her dead mother name to buy property and  rent to others under that name?
Any recommendations to pick a state where I can re-domicile my company? I incorporated my INC in the state of MD.  I am living in Manhattan and no longer maintain my MD address
Can you quit a job & still receive unemployment benefits for unfair working conditions? Can you quit a job & still receive unemployment benefits for unfair working conditions?
Setting up a sole proprietorship I am setting up a sole proprietorship in PA. I will be the only counselor. My name will be the title of the business
Is there a law against landlords giving false information already 3 times to evict a tenant? Is there a law against landlords giving false information already 3 times to evict a tenant?
If I left the USA for 4 months and come back can I still be able to get under the Obama new immigration law? If I left the USA for 4 months and come back can I still be able to get under the Obama new immigration law?
If I'm a green card holder and my child is born in the U.S. she automatically becomes a U.S. citizen correct? If I'm a green card holder and my child is born in the U.S. she automatically becomes a U.S. citizen correct?
If I paint or photograph a person spotted in a public place
Can I copyright the photos I have on my website of my products? None
Do I have to give the jumper I rented back to the person by law? I rented a jumper. The person came to pick it up two weeks after. Do I have to give it back to her by law?
Question regarding a year's lease but went back on the verbal agreement of rent? I have a year's lease on a house. After being here for 3 months the owner said since he was going to be losing the house we no longer had to pay rent we just had to pay our own utilities and the gardener and we have. This month we were asked to leave by the 27th and the landlord said we did not have a verbal agreement. So what do I do?
Is it legal to copy commercial VHS tapes we own onto a DVD? None
In a separation process
What am I supposed to do when I got a copy of the check proving I paid her a $1000 deposit and the landlord won't talk to me? I have a security deposit question. I paid $1000 security deposit
Who has the rights of a video if two people make it? My friend and I filmed a webisode for Youtube. She edited half of it
What will happen to credit card debt if I leave country? I have a credit card debt of $19K & I'm going back to my country. My social security is legal but I'm not. What are my options? If I leave without paying
What is CA (Santa Clara County) court code 43470 and 434100 mean? What is CA (Santa Clara County) court code 43470 and 434100 mean?
I have a meeting with an investor for my idea
How many times can an individual file bankruptcy? How many times can an individual file bankruptcy?
How to pay contractor if full-time student and not business entity? I am single owner/operator of CA LLC. Primary business is financial research/ consulting. I am planning on hiring a contractor to build a website for the business. This will be a 1 time engagement payed on a project basis (NOT hourly). Contractor is a full time college student. Contractor does not have any business entity. Are there any particular requirements for paying contractor under these circumstances?
Can I sue legal helper debt resolution company for not ever settling my home modification? Can I sue legal helper debt resolution company for not ever settling my home modification?
law governing seizing creditor real estate in fed. bankruptcy court Where can I find law governing seizing real estate from creditor in a federal bankruptcy court?
Are we responsible for dance tuition if child unable to go to classes? My daughter takes dance and is on a dance team.  We pay $250/month tuition.  She broke her ankle during a fire drill at school and cannot dance.  Her dance instructor said we still have to pay the $250 even though she is unable to dance and is not going to classes.   Are we responsible for the $250?
How many times can you be trialed for the same offense? How many times can you be trialed for the same offense?
How can i legally evict my ex-girlfriend from my house? How can i legally evict my ex-girlfriend from my house? She only moved in a week ago and she pays no rent or any other bills and she has no lease.
I am leasing an apartment for $3200/mo that becomes available on 1/20/2012.  The landlord wants 1st/last and a security deposit totalling $8700 now to close the deal.  Is this legal to require all these funds nearly 60 days before occupancy? None
License a pending patent I filed a provisional patent application for a method that can significantly improve a product being developed by a small business. I want to work with that business to incorporate the method into its product immediately
Can I work in India while holding US green card? I am being asked to go to India for three years to establish Indian Operations. How can I work in India while maintaining my green card status and not jeopardizing my naturalization process in US? What is the best way to handle this situation from the immigration and tax perspective
What rights and restrictions for retail garment property? In regards to selling or re-selling retail items of brands
Should I try and contact the father's child or wait until the baby is born? I am currently pregnant and having difficulty contacting the father of my child. He knows about the pregnancy but will not try to reestablish contact with me. I have gotten in contact with his parents so they are aware of the situation. Should I  continue to try and contact him or wait until the baby is born to take further legal action if necessary?
Do you have to pay time and a half if someone works on a holiday? Do you have to pay time and a half if someone works on a holiday?
Is there any liability without written agreement? We have a partnership where my partner owns 100% of the C Corporation and we have no written agreements of any sort. So my name is not mentioned anywhere on paper. Although we had oral conversations and emails about ongoing business - could it be enough evidence in court? I wonder if I just walk away could I be liable for company losses in the future?
How can an LLC convert to an S-Corp? We have a Delaware LLC company that we want to convert to an S-Corp because we are currently looking for investment. What is the process and how much should it cost (forms and such) to convert a Delaware LLC over to an S-Corp?
Obligated to provide former employee with personnel file? A former employee who was terminated over six months ago has requested her personnel file from my company. Do I have to provide it to her?
How to get online agreements reviewed by legal expert? Our web site www.bioinnovit.com is currently being upgraded & we are about to launch 4th generation which has a number of online agreements which we wold like to have reviewed by legal expert.
How to hold employer to unnotarized contract? My employer and I signed a contract on August 6
Maintaining independent contractor relationship for short term project? My company needs a network engineer for a short-term project.  Because this is a short-term project
MLB turned down new idea
What is discovery? What is discovery?
A law suit is imminent over a software contract. What are the repercussions other than the judgment from the court if the suit is filed?
What are legal issues regarding business to business warnings? Are there any legal issues concerning business to business warnings of clients that are not making payments to invoices? Such as emailing a warning of clients who's checks are bad and invoices are out standing?
Liability for posting copyrighted materials on social networking website? Users on our company's social networking site are posting movies
How to take investment without personal guarantee on return? We are a startup that is currently in discussions with venture capital firms and angel investors. We have an investment opportunity where the investors want a highly secured investment - meaning if they invest $500
What rights are involved in a strip of land between properties when a fence is put up and a strip is used solely by a neighbor for 10 to 15 years
Do I have to give my tenant back his security deposit and his last month's rent if he leaves early on his lease? My tennant is leaving after 6 months with a 12 month lease (Florida). Do I have to give him back his security and last months rent deposit?
What is my ex entailed to if I was buying a house 2 years before I met and married him? I'm seeking a divorce of 7/8 yrs. I was buying a house 2 yrs before I met and married my husband. What is he entailed to?
Should CA-based business providing services in India be S-Corp or C-Corp? I'm starting a business that provides services in India for Indians living in the US (and possibly India in the future).  I'm a US citizen & the business will be based in California.  Should I incorporate as an S-corp or a C-corp?
Is it legal to use plural form of trademarked name for business? I got a cease and desist letter from a lawyer in California who represents visionmagazine.com.  I have a website and print magazine called: visionsmagazineonline.com and MY magazine has the word VISIONS on it.  They also want a list of all my advertisers
Does company recently getting publicity need trademark? I run a website
Converting Nevada LLC to C Corporation I have a Nevada LLC headquartered in Los Angeles
Maintaining my intellectual property when joining a new company Hi
How do you register your idea so it can't be stolen? How do you register your idea so it can't be stolen?
How to incorporate company in US and abroad? My company plans to open physical offices in several different countries and offer goods and services in those different countries with its headquarters here in the US.  How should I incorporate my company here in the US and in those other countries?
Is overseas company required to stop using my name if I apply for trademark?  An overseas company is using my company name (a made up word) for a product in the same industry (music)
Which state best for creating Brazilian company's US subsidiary? We are creating an U.S subsidiary for our Brazilian Company. Considering that the subsidiary will be fully controlled operational company
Can a lawyer advertise on his/hers website a case pending an arbitrators outcome? Can a lawyer advertise on his/hers website an case pending an arbitrators outcome?
How do I proceed with a phone call that I need to show up in court?  I am a 24 year old college student. I received a call today from a 16 digit number with someone telling me that I owed an online payday service $783. I asked for further details and all they would tell me is that I needed an attorney to show up in court with me tomorrow. They didn't say which court or where the proceedings would take place. They told me I had taken a loan out this year. I know I didn't and  they didn't have any specific amount only that $783 after fees and interest. There was no documentation sent to my house and this is the first time they've contacted me. I need to know where I go from here?Thank You
What are implications of forgetting copied original submittal with hand lettering for patent substitute application? I have an issue where I thought it was ok to submit slight corrections to specification (Not Claims) prior to submittal.  I received a notice to file corrected application papers due to incorrect line spacing and hand lettering.  (I added several comas and changed the words solar collector to solar heating system in one or more places in the background section).  I understand that I have to submit marked and clean copies and am unsure how to mark and submit.  I am unsure what the ramifications of are providing a marked up copy that does not exactly match the originally submitted marked up copy are.  How do I mark and resubmit? Retitle to substitute marked application...?  What are the ramifications of not matching orig. marked app?
Enforceability of non-competition clauses My company is in the process of hiring new employees
Do I report income from outside of the USA? Do I report income from outside of the USA?
If someone received their Marriage-based Green Card and have been out of the country for 6 months
Can a mother take her son back to Brazil to visit her mother for a visit for a month? Can a mother (from Brazil) take her son back to Brazil to visit her mother for a visit for a month??
Liability of contract with a LLC which has been dissolved I signed  a contract with a LLC to share future royalty profit from my product (no survival clause found in contract).A year later
If a person owes money to another person and the lender person dies
For a startup
How to protect company's 'secret processes' without patent? My company will have business processes I want to protect. I don't believe they are patentable (and am not in a position financially to patent them anyway). Besides having employees agree not to reveal these processes to others in their emplyment agreement
Incorporating and protecting myself from liability problems I am starting a power tool informational website that will be funded by affiliate advertising.  What steps to I need to do to protect myself from liability problems?  How much does it cost to do an LLC on a bootstrap basis?  How much does it cost for legal disclaimer copy?
Legal issues when acquiring another company? We launched our web-based company about three years ago
Can I use names of toys such as spiderman and zhu zhu pet and  pillow pet in a children's story?
Is sole custody needed when child support already filed? When I left my boyfriend in November of 2010
Issues understanding legal terminology. Section 35-9A-162(a) If a landlord does not sign and deliver a written rental agreement signed and delivered to the landlord by the tenant
I applied for J1 visa & my DS form was J1
What tax consequences when using virtual currency? Our company often receives virtual currency in exchange for goods and services.  Are there any tax consequences or liabilities when paid in virtual currency?
Is there a definition in the California statutes of what it means to be duly authorized to conduct business in California? This phrase was used in a verified complaint when a lawsuit was filed against us. Two years into the litigation we discovered that the foreign corporation that had stated it was duly authorized to conduct business in California (and verified by an CA officer of the corp.) was not registered with the CA Secretary of State and ha no file a tax return for ten years. We showed this to the Court & they said they really were not required to register.
Brazilian startup funded by venture capital in Brazil with US subsidiary. We are Brazilian startup funded by venture capital in Brazil and we'll have to create a simple subsidiary in US to support our business operations. Regarding the financial operation
What are rights regarding change in real estate description after entering contract? A piece of real estate in Ohio
In a 50/50 owned business
Can I send labor wage authorization after filing ETA 9098? What if the labor wage authorization does not arrive before filing ETA 9098 form?  There is a deadline to file the ETA 9098 (365 days before he H1B expires).  Is that OK to send the prevailing wage info later
Accused of insurance fraud for using ex-spouse's insurance. i have been divorced for 7 years and using my ex-spouse insurance. I was just told I was in trouble for insurance fraud for $2700. The investigator said he was presenting the case to Oakland County prosecutor. What is gonna happen? What is the penalty and what should I do?
Am I liable for damages to vehicle parked in cross-section of handicap parking? If a vehicle parks in the cross section of handicap parking spot and I cause damage to that vehicle by using a handicap ramp system on my vehicle
Should the family sign it over to him or pay the taxes and sell the house? My wife's family was just contacted by a real estate investor about signing a sample Quitclaim Deed.  Apparently a relative died and had no will.  I believe the property is delinquent for real estate taxes and this gentleman is trying to take possession of the house.  He is offering each person $500
Are French SL shareholders liable for contract if in arrears? I have a binding consulting contract with a French company that is an S.L.  They had the right to terminate or delay our contract
How much money can you gift to a person before they have to pay any tax? How much money can you gift to a person before they have to pay any tax?
Requiring BBB arbitration I am a contractor doing commercial and residential remodeling and new construction. Can I put a clause in my contract requiring BBB arbitration
Should my small business be a sole proprietorship or an LLC? I'm in the beginning stages of starting up an in home tutoring business and was planning on doing it as a sole proprietorship
What documents needed to protect LLC? I am in the process of opening up a brewpub cafe specializing in local food
Question regarding owning a business and abandoned property? I own a business in Florida. I had a dog groomer working here. She disappeared in July and left her stuff. Is there a time frame that I have to give her stuff back or when does it become abandoned property.
How to limit sole proprietor liability without forming LLC or corp? Is there a way to limit liability for a sole proprietorship owner other than forming LLC or corp by buying some sort of umbrella insurance along with home/auto insurance?
How to inexpensively incorporate business? Is there an inexpensive way to incorporate a business?
Can I date before my divorce is filed? Can I date before my divorce is filed?
Deadline for trademark filings? We have not yet filed an application to trademark our logo and have been running our company for one year now.  Is there a time period after which we have exhausted our right to file an application for a trademark?  Additionally
Need someone to review and advice for Client & vendor contracts. I want to get the complete agreement reviewed but for now I need help with the following  - Vendor agrees that during the term of the MSA and for a period of twelve months thereafter
Am I liable for damages to one of the vans that the company I work for owns? I need to know if I'm liable for damages to one of the vans that the company I work for owns. I work for a mortuary transport company. I had an accident while working (i.e. there was a body on board). I work in Denver
Should I use brand name and logo without registering in USPTO? Should I use my brand name and logo without a registration in the USPTO?
Risk having to change my magazine's name if there is already a magazine with it? Will I risk having to change the name of my magazine if there is already a magazine with that name if my magazine has one extra word that is different?
I downloaded a photo from internet and used it on my commercial website. It had no marking showing it was copyrighted. I have received a demand to pay due to copyright infringement. Am I liable? None
Is there someone who can explain
Can an injunction be upheld if I never was served or received an order of the injunction from the court? I was sued in PA civil court but was never served.  I received paperwork from the plaintiff's attorney certifying that I was served
What is the right amount to ask for child support for two children who are actively involve in community activities like scout
Wrongful termination if my boss fired me for harassment after I made a harassment charge? My boss fired me for harassment after I made a harassment charge against him. is this wrongful termination or retaliation?
Question about employment? I have been offered a position with a firm in Washington State. A condition of employment is that I am not permitted to have a LinkedIn account. This seems akin to saying I'm not permitted to read a particular book at home and on my own time - a violation of First Ammendment rights that should not be countenanced regardless of position. Am I right?
I'd like to make instructional videos of songs for the exact arrangements that come directly from published music books. Would it be legal? I'd like to make instructional videos of songs for the exact arrangements that come directly from published music books. The score would sync up with the video and play along as well. These would be viewed only by students of my for-profit music education company
Are non-competition clauses valid? If I signed an employment agreement in 2005 that has a non competition clause in it - is it valid? I received another job offer and need to know whether I can take it without being in violation of my contract.
Am I a contracted or at-will employee if they are providing a new contract? The company I've been with for 5 yrs. now is giving the employees a new contract. It consists of a no compete clause can not work within a 50 miles radius and two years and can fire without cause and control base salary according to profit shares. Haven't signed as of yet. Is this legal. Am I a contracted or at will employee?
If I signed a non-compete and I work for a company in business development
I am one of three owners of a mobile home park and one of the partners is not paying his fair share ... I am one of three owners of a mobile home park and one of the partners is not paying his fair share of daily operating expenses and improvements we have made to the park. If we decide to sell the property
What happens to renters personal property when evicted? In state of Florida
What to do when one of our grandchildren is unhappy living with his current situation? I have helped/supported my daughter for sake of my four grandchildren--the oldest will be 13 In Oct.
What obligations do I have if I purchase an item online for $640 & the company only charges my account $40? If I purchase an item online for $640.00 and the company only charges my account $40 then delivers the item to my home
Question regarding if I am 50/50 ownership with someone in truck driving school? I am 50/50 ownership with someone in truck driving school. I want to sell my 500 shares. I am president
Can I get cash back on a debit card purchase in a return if I request it at a store in CT? Can I get cash back on a debit card purchase in a return if I request it at a store in CT?
Is legal disclaimer for marketing materials necessary? My company is printing out some marketing materials for our merchants to display. These are roughly 4x6 slips of paper in plastic stands that have our logo and a QR code for people to scan. Do we need to have any legal disclaimer or legalese at the bottom of the paper? We have a logo from 99Designs
How can Canadian national correct erroneous record in US alien file? A Canadian national crossed the border in Vermont and got a citation that did not result in a criminal conviction; rather the charges were dropped.  However
No response after requesting FOIA personal medical documentation. Requested under FOIA personal medical documentation
Are landlords allowed to charge late fees? Are landlords allowed to charge late fees?
Can I sue a hospital for nerve damage on an IV? Hi
As a Canadian citizen
Removing boilerplate EULA from Android app. I have an Android app. Currently
Work doctor wants me to resume working before my doctor releases me. I fell at work and hurt my shoulder. I ended up having to have surgery. Now my work doctor wants me to go back to work before my doctor wants to release me to work. Is there anything I can do or do i have to do what the work doctor tells me to do?
My husband recently acquired a masonry co in ND which required I sign an imdemnified bond
We are starting a photography association with another. Do we have to get permission for every photo taken of people at events in public in California?
I am a licensed private investigator in California. Is it against the law to surveil a subject in his residence through an open door?
What are legal ramifications and benefits to forming LLC outside my state? I need to form an LLC for an online business and I live in California. What are the legal ramifications and benefits of forming the LLC out of state in Delaware
I got a C&D notice from company claiming TM infridgement over shape/color of bottle I am using. I purchase my bottle from 3rd party who owns mold/produces/and sells it to me. Is my bottle manufacturer liable in this case or am I? None
How to protect short story publication? I have a collection of short stories I would like to pursue publishingwhats reqd and how do I protect my work from being plagarized after sneding them in for review to publish??bob z
What to do if landlord is holding my security deposit hostage because he didn't like a reveiw we gave him? What to do if my landlord is trying to hold my security deposit hostage because he didn't like a review we gave him?
How do I rescind or can I even rescind principal residence of the new home? I recently bought a second home with a boyfriend I've had for 12 years. Originally
Are there any suggestions or leads on the best way to go about trademarking the name?  I have an idea/brand for that I would like to license out to a company currently in the soap & detergent industry.  The concept is targeting a specific demographic with a unique marketing campaign and new scents designed specifically for them.  I have a name for this new product line and would like to pitch my idea to companies to license the concept/new brand.  My question is if I can patent or trademark a brand/product line with out actually having a product produced.  I have looked into trademarking the name with a letter of intent of use trademark and then pursue a company to license it.  Are there any suggestions or leads on the best way to go about this?  Thank you for your help!
Is any of my event planning legal? Hello
Can foreign country serve subpoenas on US citizens? Can a foreign country serve subpoenas on citizens of the USA?
Found out I am overcharged after agreeing to prices on paper. I am staying in an apartment and haven't signed a lease. I just have to sign a Sublet paper and I agreed to the pricing and terms and conditions on the paper. Now I found that I am being overcharged. What can I do?
Are C-corps required to have shareholder and yearly board meeting? For small family C corporations
It is legal to start a website that would allow for the crowdfunding of startups - where investors would actually receive a small amount of equity in the company. If not
Mother will not take my car out of her name. When I was 15 I bought a car with money I inherited from my dad's mom. Since I was so young
Can estranged spouse sue landlord for deposit? My estranged husband and I rented a house 2 months after we were married on Dec. 2010. In Jan 2011
Is it legal to sell individual cigarettes? I think it'd be a great business idea to buy packs of cigarettes & sell them individually in front of bars & clubs.  is this legal?
What constitutes commencement for oil & gas lease? What constitutes commencement for an oil & gas lease?
How to ask judge for continuum? Our hearing is this coming up Thursday
Is temporary lip tattoo concept artistic or functional design? There is a company (violentlips.com) that came up with temporary tattoos for the lips. Is the temporary lip tattoo concept (not the actual art
I want to take an old professional picture of my mom and have it blown up to a bigger size. Is this against copyright laws?
Issues regarding 16 year old daughter having baby. My daughter just had a baby 2 months ago and she is 16 years old and thinks she can do what she wants. The father's parents are calling all the shots and they are not married. What do I need to do?
Is this violating labor laws? In April I was diagnosed with cancer
Can the state seize my life insurance benefit when my terminally ill husband who is NOT on state aid dies? I am on Medi-cal in California. Can the state seize his life insurance benefit when my terminally ill husband who is NOT on state aid dies?
How to recover unpaid fees from customer efficiently and cost-effectively? My company has a customer who owes us a commercially significant amount in support fees. What are some efficient and cost-effective means to recover this cost from the customer?
How can I answer the 2 questions from the I-90 form when my location is difficult? Hello I am renewing my green card and I don't understand questions 4 and 5 from the form I-90. I was petitioned in San Francisco
Foreigner-owned company limitations Dear Sirs: My partner and I would like to open an online business in the United States
if during my facility/property lease the lessor makes it clear by procuring a new lessee for the same property
Is it legal to make items for sale using fabric with logos? Is it legal to purchase fabric with logos and make items from it for resale
Need someone to review and advice for Client & vendor contracts? I want to get the complete agreement reviewed but for now I need help with the following  - Vendor agrees that during the term of the MSA and for a period of twelve months thereafter
Assuming copyrights are not renewed
Can a divorce agreement ever be reviewed? Hello
Am I required to pay alimony in addition to division of assets and is monetary inheritance from one's parents considered dividable assets? I am a resident of Georgia. (1) Am I required to pay alimony in addition to division of assets?(2) Is monetary inheritance from one's parents considered dividable assets?
Can my wife be prosecuted for fraud and can I get the money back if she said she lost the money but really hid it in her mother's account? My wife sold stocks just before our divorce and said we lost it in the market. She hide the money in her mother's account. I just found out this week. Can she be prosecuted for fraud and can I get the money back? We have been divorced for ten years.
Legal for the landlord to raise your rent every year & have residents paying different rates for the same apt? is it legal for the landlord to raise your rent every year and have different residents paying different rates for the same apt
If you have retained a lawyer and are not pleased with his services can you terminate his services? If you have retained a lawyer and are not pleased with his services can you terminate his services?
If it is written in my apartment lease in which the lessor made an oral agreement to fix the bathroom floor and 4 months later it is still not fixed
Can the previous owner of a home they lost in foreclosure take claim to any or all appliances there-in? Can the previous owner of a home they lost in foreclosure take claim to any or all appliances there-in?
Whose insurance pays if employee vehicle hit during work errand? If an employee is driving on a work related errand and is hit by a hit and run driver
How do we respond to court summons regarding credit card debt? How do we respond to court summons regarding credit card debt?
Can a codefendant testify against me in a criminal case?
How far can a finance company go as far as court wise if owing an amount under $300? How far can a finance company go as far as court wise if owing an amount under $300?
Starting for-profit company that gives investors and founders equity but majority owned by non-profit. Can I start a for-profit technology company that gives equity to founders and investors
Can an aunt get visitation rights of her niece if the mother is trying to keep the child away from her? Can an aunt get visitation rights of her niece if the mother is trying to keep the child away from her?
Can ex-wife take house if name not on deed but on loan? My new husband's ex wife is trying to take our house. During the divorce
What happens if my husband dies and my name is not on our home? My name is not on our home
Does ex have rights to house if name on deed but not mortgage? My ex has not lived in the house for the past four months. Both our names on the deed
Do I really need to go through probate court just to close his bank account? My father died without a last will and testament template or any real estate.  Do I really need to go through probate court just to close his bank account?
Can 17 year old legally decide which parent to live with? Do I have a legal choice
My daughters father has a suspended drivers license due to failure to pay child support. However
What is a Notice for Discovery and a Motion for Statement of Particulars in the state of Florida? Why would a defendant request this? None
How long can a law firm attempt to collect a debt? How long can a law firm attempt to collect a debt?
My ex-husband
How does provisional patent application protect invention? How does the filing of a provisional patent application protects my invention?
Is customer service legally obligated to transfer me to supervisor if asked? If I am on the phone with a customer service representative
Can your cell phone be used by the DA as evidence for prosecution? In California can your cell phone be used by the DA as evidence for prosecution?
Question regarding a district attorney not having enough substaintual evidence to prosecute someone? When a district attorney doesn't have enough substantial evidence to prosecute someone can they prosecute that person based on the evidence they have already without all of the evidence?
Am I eligible for citizenship? I am a permanent resident since 2007. On 2008 I get an assignment with the United Nations in Haiti. I go there and come back every 2 months. Now I have a total days of 1081
How to get in existing civil suit without retainer? How do I get in an already exsisting civil suit against Deutshe Bank without paying an arm and leg before it settles. I don't have the money to pay a huge retainer--Deutshe Bank took it and I have all the things to make a compelling lawsuit. I need help and no one will help me.
Landlord holding me responsible for remaining business lease period. I am a store owner in Southern California. The business is slow and I will not be able to pay the rent. I want to close the business but the landlord is holding me responsible for the remaining lease period of 3 years. I am unable to find anyone to sublease the property. What options do I have now?
Is it legal to use the same name as another business name but change one word? Is it legal to use the same name as another business name but change one word? LikeAtlanta Dance School of Excellence. My name would be A Dance School Of Excellence
What can I do about a creepy neighbor who instrumented our entire rental home with wireless spy cameras and monitored us for over a year? What can I do about a creepy neighbor who instrumented our entire rental home with wireless spy cameras and monitored us for over a year?
CA civil procedure codes preventing superior court judge from granting motion to set aside default. Can either of the following California civil procedure codes prevent the California superior court judge from granting a motion to set aside a default?code- 473bcode- 413.10(b)code- 414.10code- 473
How to switch deed when seller dies? I purchased a home but the seller died before the deed was switched into my name. How do I switch the deed?
Can I take legal action against website that didn't deliver order? Can I take legal action against a website that didn't deliver the merchandise that I ordered?
When does the statute of limitations begin to run in a medical malpractice action? When does the statute of limitations begin to run in a medical malpractice action?
If I am eating oatmeal from McDonald's and find paper in it
I'm under a commercial lease for a shop. The problem is there is a leak from the 2nd floor which damaged the whole ceiling
Is using idea's same technical function for different purpose patent infringement? Is it patent infringement when someone uses the same technical function that is stated in your provisional patent
How effective are boilerplate consulting contracts found on the web? How effective are boilerplate consulting contracts found on the web?
Does the power of attorney have the right to pay the bills of the person after death? Does the power of attorney have the right to pay the bills of the person after death?
How do I proceed if I have no info on my spouse except for his birth-date? My spouse is in another state & I have no info for him (no SSN
Am I still married from my husband if we've been estranged for 10 years? I have been estranged from my husband for over 10 years. Are we still married?
If I had possession of a vehicle and vehicle is now missing am I responsible? If I had possession of a vehicle and vehicle is now missing am I responsible? The owner said they were coming to get it while i was out of town.
Do I have a case against my employer for defamation of character and invasion of privacy? Hello I recently left a temp to hire job in New Jersey for a job in California.  I am currently driving across the country & got a call from my future boss today informing me that my temp to hire job called them and said I am a horrible worker and that they shouldn't hire me that I do not do my work.  They went through my personal gmail account and found the contact information for my new job
What can I do if my employer wrongfully terminated me? My employer wrongfully terminated me. What can I do?
Can I leave the state with my son if there is no legal custody matter between me and the father? Can I leave the state with my son if there is no legal custody matter between me and the father?
Do I need a lawyer or will it just be a fine if I didn't call to go to court for a speeding ticket? Hi. My name is Mike and over the weekend. I got a ticket for speeding oops- 102 mph. Yes
Question about trusts and wills? Case DescriptionOriginal Trust was restated and amendedThe original trust was dated July 2010 and the it was restated and amended in July 2010. Some assets were distributed to my two sisters without my knowledge after my Mom passed in April 2010
How can I leave my current job for this new one
What kind of issues could I expect with creating a non-profit charity that would fund and support a for-profit business? If I was to make a for-profit business that paid its owners but also created a non-profit charity organization that helped fund and support the business
What is the procedure for securing immigration status for my US son and his foreign wife and their expecting child? My son is teaching in Thailand.  He married (Thai Civil Marriage) a Thai woman.  She is expecting in April.  He has taught there for almost two years but now has an opportunity to move to the States with a teaching job.  What is the procedure for: 1) securing immigration status for his wife and 2) immigration for his child
How can I file a suit with state of California? How can I file a suit with state of California?
Will the LLC I am purchasing be responsible for a non compete if the person has no relationships with the company and has no ownership? I am purchasing all shares of stock in an LLC.  The person working for the LLC I am purchasing has a non compete with another company.  Will the LLC be responsible for a non compete if the person has no relationships with the company and has no ownership?
What happens if you form an LLC in New York but do not advertise the formation in any publications? What happens if you form an LLC in New York but do not advertise the formation in any publications?
How can I bring over the mother of my fiance (who is not a US citizen)? I am US citizen and I want to marry a woman who is not a US citizen and has dependent 84 year old mother.  The mother will have to move to US with her. How can I get her mother into the US?
Can a non-profit corporation collect finders fees for bringing investors and business startups together?  Can a non-profit corporation collect finders fees for bringing investors and business startups together? In other words
What state do I select for my federal EIN when my principal place of business is different from my state of incorporation? I am located in California and filed for incorporation in Delaware. I am now getting my federal EIN
What should I do if I am being charged with theft when I took the items for failure to repay me? I'm begin charged with theft because my friend reported that I took her laptop and phone which I did because she was owning me some money for more than 2 months. Now I'm begin charged to court to get a finger print and currently I'm a nursing student. But the problem is this: the girl want to withdraw all charges because I still have those items I took from her. What would the court do if she withdrew those charges? Do I still need a lawyer? Or we can resolve this problem ourselves? Thanks.
What can I do to get my car released from impound because the police needed it for evidence? Last Nov.
How can I file a form EOIR 29 within a 30 day deadline and I need time to get a DNA test? I just received a denial notice for my I130 petition for my father because they said all my evidence can not prove my claimed relationship with my dad. They sent me form EOIR29 to appeal the case within 30 day of Jan 4th
Can I sue my ex for emotional distress for physically abusing me and causing alot of stress by not allowing me to work and for threatening and harrassing me and my family? Can I sue my ex for emotional distress for physically abusing me and causing alot of stress by not allowing me to work and for threatening and harassing me and my family? A lot of incidents occurred in front of my daughter and now she has nightmares that are called night terrors and will be yelling for him to leave mommy alone. She is very traumatized as well as my other two daughters who they claim that he was having unappropriate behavior with them.I already got a permanent restraining order against him but want to sue for all the emotional stress he has caused and also for controlling my kids child support money that he would use to pay his rent and pay off his debt with his.
What can I do to get my car title put in my name after making all the payments? I went to Honda to get a used car. I had $4
Can my sports club set up a separate 501c3 organization for accep Our neighborhood swim & tennis club (in WA) is a 501(c)(7) non-profit. We want to create a separate 501c3 for fundraising and to accept donations to help run the club--not just for scholarships
Can my mother apply for immigration for her children if she as a green card? My mother has a green card. Can she apply immigration for her children?
Can another immigration lawyer continue my case from where I left off? I have filed for my daughter in Guatemala and got letters back but the lawyer I started the process with is no where to be found. Can another lawyer continue my case from where I left off?
How do I get back our deposit from the landlord? Our former landlord is wrongfully keeping our deposit and is refusing to give back what we are owed. How can we fight this to get back what we deserve?
How do I deal with this trade dress infringement case? Coach
What can I do when a boss continually writes me up and keeps me on probation? I have a boss that has written me up for typing errors on reports. The first 30 days everything was on track. For the next 30 days
Can parents prevent creditors from attaching house without separation? My mom and dad have been married for over 35 years and own their home. He is very ill and we were told they need to get a separation or divorce so the creditors cannot attach the house? Is there a different way to go about this without it having to separate?
What do I do when expenses that were agreed upon in the executed contract have not been paid since Aug.
Which petition should I go for if I came to the U.S. illegally as a child? I came into the U.S. as a child illegally. I know that i qualify for the dream act.  Also
Can a business partner realistically dissolve a company if I reject his offer and form a new company with same concept? I joined a friend from school in his startup investing some money taking 10% of the company in return for 20 hours a week work for a period of at least 6 months. ( I initially wasn't sure if I can work with him so I committed to 6 months first to decide later if I want to stay longer or not) As the 6 months was over and I found it very hard to work with the founder I resigned as the Director of Marketing. The founder took this very hardly and wants me out completely. He offered to purchase my shares + 20% and made a threat that if I dont take the offer he will dissolve the company if he has to so I will lose all my money. Can he realistically dissolve the company if I reject his offer and form a new company with same concept?
Will my non-compete agreement be enforceable if I live in California and
What is the best way to incorporate a startup? Just started a tech startup in NYC. What is the best and advisable way to incorporate? We are funding the company mutually and there are 2 of us right now
What to do if I would like to create a company for my business? I would like to create a company for my business?
Is there anything I can do to expedite my green application? I've been married to my husband for 6 yrs and have 2 kids together. I came with a visitor visa from Mexico as a child
Can I get a visa for my son who was born abroad if I am a legal resident? I am a legal resident in the US but my son was born in Mexico. Can I get a visa for him so he can come to the US and where do I have to go?
Is my mother's green card still valid if she moved back to her home country? My mother was issued a green card but when my dad passed away
Question regarding a judge's order for supervised visits? i have a judge's order for  supervised visits. the kids lawyer says i can facebook and text my kids if they initiate the conversation. The kids lawyer and my ex's lawyer agreed to this and told me it was ok. Will i get into trouble from the judge if i do as the kids lawyer says i can?
Can I be sued for a credit card debt that has past the statues of limitations or have a tax lien placed against me? Can I be sued for a credit card debt that has past the statues of limitations or have a tax lien placed against me?
What are the procedures in Illinois for handling donations or contributions to the company if the company is a for-profit organization? I have a for-profit organization. What are the procedures in Illinois for handling donations or contributions to the company?
Is there a standardized contract you would recommend for VA? We have a building/remodeling contract that was designed for ND
Can beneficiary to life insurance policy assign all proceeds to son? I am the beneficiary to my brother's life insurance policy. Can I assign all of of the proceeds to my son? And will it still be non-taxable?
Can a creditor take money from an account from a debtor who has power of attorney over that account? If my mother is power of attorney on my checking account and owes a debt
How do I protect my business developed out of a class project? I'm a graduating senior at UC Berkeley. For an entrepreneurship class
If I am a US citizen and I marry a man from Africa
Can real estate transaction be voided if seller has dementia & Alzheimer's Disease? My dad made a mistake signing real estate papers. He has Alzheimer's Disease and regretted it because he forgot reasons why he was not to sell. He completely for things and made a mistake after signing contract right away he called realtor and cancelled escrow telling him he was sorry and has Alzheimer's. Buyer is suing for non performance and wants the sale to go through.  The buyer's attorney was given doctor evaluation papers and one even stating from a doctor that he is not competent to enter a contract by himself.  This is in California
How can I get my deposit back from a landlord who broke the lease? How can I get my deposit back from a landlord who broke the lease? I was forced to move from the place because of rat infestation
Can I include money from parents as a source of income? My parents send me money on a monthly basis. Can I include that as a source of income?
How can my father come back to the U.S. if his green card expired and he needs medical attention? My father is a green card holder but he stayed out of the country for 5 years and his green card expired last september 2012. Now
Way to stay in this country indefinitely
If I'm starting a legal lead generation site
 When I get married can I use my marriage certificate to get a driver's license?
How can I get my girlfriend to the US to marry me? I am an American citizen. I have my girlfriend in Honduras that I want to bring to be with me to get married. How can I do that?
Question regarding paying child support when ex lives with me and I'm housing our children? If spouse field child support but lives in my home with our children do I have to pay her child support for that time? I'm housing her & our children.
If I have been making payments to the DOR
How can I protect myself and my company without going bankrupt in the process? I run a karaoke business. I am being sued by one of the karaoke labels for Trademark Infringement. Even though I purchased their products on cd legally from one of their authorized dealers
Do you have to sign or initial every page of a contract? Do you have to sign or initial every page of a contract?
 What are some of the ethical considerations in accepting a case?I'm a student.
Question regarding my son as a permanent resident? I am a citizen. My son (22 years old) is a  permanent resident  from April 2007. After getting his GC he went to school in India with proper Re-entry permit for  4 years. With GC and  re-entry permit he completed  5 years.  He is out of country for his studies. Eligible  for  Citizenship ?
How to get my husband U.S. residency when he started the process through his sister but not finished? i am a resident of the U.S. I've been a resident since '95. I'm trying to get info on how to help my husband residency in the U.S. He has already started this process thru his sister but has not yet completed the petition. What do i do?
Can a parent get a green card if one of their children (a U.S citizen) was diagnosed with cancer? Can a parent get a green card if one of their children (a U.S citizen) was diagnosed with cancer?
To file a petition through my wife for citizenship
Due to misinformation on the application
how do i get someone to sign paperwork removing me as co-signer of a car when they will not answer? how do i get someone to sign paperwork removing me as co-signer of a car
If I live in CA
We're aware the trademark process is long & drawn-out; but what about copyrighting? RE: Trademark and Copyright Property.  We have spent a LOT of time building what we feel is proprietary materials.  We're aware the trademark process is long & drawn-out; but what about copyrighting (to protect one's authorship/ownership)?  Can one affix (C) on the work and does it then take on the characteristic of a copyrighted material for that time onward?  What about folks that would steal from the copyrighted piece.  Is cease & desist enough and what if that is ignored? Is litigation common in such areas?  And
Can landlord keep security deposit if we break our lease? I live in CO and I am a tenant. Because of relationship problems
Can I copyright my iPhone app? Can I copyright my iPhone app?
How to start a business? How to start a business?
Is it a binding contract for the warranty and can I sue if they are not willing to honor it? I purchased a vehicle the agreed price was 6400 out the door tax license and a year warranty on power train. The owner was in the building and made the deal.  When it came time to sign contract the owner left and another young man came in.  Took the cash and printed out the contract. The warranty info was not on contract he stated it is the lines don't match up.  He then stated he didn't know how to put the info on the contract.  The warranty paperwork was not filled out as I was told the owner has to do it and of course he had just left.The warranty information was then written in on the contract with a signature and date.  Is this a binding contract for the warranty and can I sue if they are not willing to honor it?
 Is this a sufficient settlement letter?After reviewing settlement letters online this lawyers email seems very simple and I want to make sure this is sufficient and that he can't come after me for the remaining balance. This is the email he sent me: I am writing to confirm that Credit Acceptance Corporation will settle this matter upon payment of $3000.00 which must be paid in cash or certified funds on or before November 30
Can my employer fire me for not washing my hands  without a warning while I'm in my probation period? Can my employer fire me for not washing my hands one time without a warning while I'm in my probation period?
Question regarding entering the US and getting renewal denied? I came into the country in 1998 from El Salvador. I was 8 yrs old. My mom got me in the tps program so I got a social security# and a work permit but when I tried renewing it in 2003 it was denied. I am currently with a US citizen and we have a baby together. What would be the process to fix my papers if we get married? We've been together 3 years now.
Do you still owe money for debt when filing for bankruptcy? I lent money to an individual and had him sign a contract (IOU) that stated he was still liable for the debt even in the event of bankruptcy. He filed for bankruptcy and now claims he does not owe me the money. I think he does. Who is right? California is the governing jurisdiction.
Can I still marry my friend for him to become a citizen if he is a legal resident with a record that is sealed? if my friend is a legal resident and got in trouble and now has a record but the record is sealed can i still marry him so he can become a citizen?
can i bring someone over from Ghana Africa and how long can she stay? can i bring someone over from Ghana Africa. and how long can she stay
If I ran two stop signs and was speeding does that qualify for 2800.2 vc felony evading? If I ran two stop signs and was speeding does that qualify for 2800.2 vc felony evading?
Can I get my license after 10 years if I don't take any classes? Can I get my license after 10 yrs if I don't take any classes?
For the Deffered Action application
Can a cop lie to you about needing to sign a paper & they arrest you at the station? CT law: can a cop lie to you about needing to sign a paper
Legal steps if I have mold in my home and a landlord that is avoiding responsibility? I have mold in my home and a landlord that is avoiding responsibility. What legal steps should I take and what are my legal rights?
In what percentage of civil suits are the winning plaintiffs actually paid? In what percentage of civil suits are the winning plaintiffs actually paid?
If I am trying to sell a piece of land for $1500 is there any way to sell without a lawyer? If I am trying to sell a piece of land for $1500 is there any way to sell without a lawyer?
Can someone evict you if you are in a common law relationship? Can someone evict you if you are in a common law relationship?
What to do if i have completed over fifty percent of job and customer fired me for no reason? What to do if i have completed over fifty percent of job and customer fired me for no reason?
If you owe your company money
if i have my papers already completed & ready to file in court
Can I be sued in small claims court in Indiana if I live in Michigan? I live in Michigan.  Am being sued in small claims court in Indiana.  Can they do that?  Will they be able to garnish my wages in Mi?
How long do you have to pay child support? How long do you have to pay child support?
Question regarding owning a single member LLC in San Francisco and owning an Indian Private company? I own a single member LLC in San Francisco. I am an Indian citizen and partially own an Indian Private Limited company. I want my US LLC to be a wholly subsidiary of my Indian company. What are the things i need to do in the US after i have completed the procedure in India? Where will i be paying taxes if we we structure this in a way that LLC is a business booking company and Indian company serve as a servicing company? Our Indian company is involved in Legal Outsouring.
Can I sue a former employer for unpaid commissions? can I sue a former employer for unpaid commissions?
If my roommate dies can his kids come put me out of the home we live in? If my roommate dies can his kids come put me out of the home we live in?
Can i sue a person in LA if that person lives in CA
How does a Canadian get a u.s. green card? How does a Canadian get a u.s. green card?
What to do if I have two $800 SNF checks & I can't do Small Claims because the party lives out of state? I have two $800 SNF checks.  I cannot do Small Claims Court because the party lives out of state.  What shall I do?  Thank you for your help.
if i am the plaintiff in a small claims case and i win how long does the defendant have to pay me? if i am the plaintiff in a small claims case and i win how long does the defendant have to pay me?
If I affirmed a debt for my ex without asking
Can I get divorced after applying for citizenship? Can I get divorced after applying for citizenship?
Question regarding our son as a partner in the home business? Our son is a partner in the home business. The business pays his income taxes. He feels that he should receive the refund we feel that since the business pays for the income tax his refund should go back into the business account. Which is correct? Refund to him or back to the business?
Question regarding getting served for an unpaid wells fargo bank credit card account? I just got served for an unpaid Wells Fargo bank credit card account. What are my options being my husband lost his job?
Does my new husband have to pay my child support from another relationship? Does my new husband have to pay my child support from another relationship?
What is the statue of limitations on a contract for money owed? What is the statue of limitations on a contract for money owed?
Can site disclaimers be copyrighted? Can site disclaimers be copyrighted?
Can our landlord raise the rent for some of us but not for others? I live in Los Angeles in an apartment building with 6 units.  We've all gone past our year leases so are now month to month.  Can our landlord raise the rent for some of us but not others?
Is a verbal agreement binding? Is a verbal agreement binding?
Can i sue the person that ran me over if i was at the cross walk and a car hit me? Can i sue the person that ran me over if i was at the cross walk and a car hit me? I also had the walk signal.
How do I get my ex-boyfriend to leave my house? Hi
Does son owe money if given with signed gift note but no loan contract? My son has live-in girlfriend who has 2 live-in children. He has financially supported all of them for the last 2 years.  6 months ago
Is there a way to find out the particulars in rental law? Our landlord says we owe more than we do and I have all my documentation. He will not honor what I have because the women who managed the property was no longer in charge of the house even though he did recieve the payment.
Can I copyright foreign language screenplay in US? Can I copyright in US a foreign language screenplay?Thank you.
Can I sue online video game company for fraud? Can I sue an online video game company for fraud?
Legal structure or contract for work for equity agreement. What legal structure or contract would a work for equity agreement take
Can I get sued  for invasion of privacy because I posted a picture of someone's license plate? Can I get sued  for invasion of privacy because I posted a picture of someone's license plate on a social networking site
Can applying for a driver's license in a different state than where I live affect my application for remover of condition? Can applying for a driver's license in a different state than where I live affect my application for remover of condition?
Do I have rights to my belongings ex-boyfriend has in possession? I am wondering do I have any legal right to my belongings that an ex of mine still has in his possession? Some of which were gifts from him but were in my apartment and when we moved I packed everything up and still to this day he will not return anything. The whole time we were together he promised
Is there such thing as squatter's rights for my aunt who lives in the house for free? Thanks for your help. 3 years ago my mother passed away
If you have overstayed your time in the U.S.
Does an arresting officer have to read a person their Miranda rights for a DUI arrest in California? Does an arresting officer have to read a person their Miranda rights for a DUI arrest in California?
What is startup employment agreement for 4 founders compensated with equity? Hi.  We are in the process of launching a startup internet business.  There are 4 founders
Is it legal for a landlord to serve the tenant a second time with an unlawful detainer
Do I need lawyer for expungement court date? I was convicted of a DUI 4 years ago. I recently filed a expungement form and have a court date set do I need a lawyer for the hearing?
Attorney charging for phone and creditor meetings. We have employed an atty on a securities fraud issue
I'm a student doing research on copyright laws for media.  I'm searching 5  different laws on google and can't find anything.  Please advise?
Can you include your 2nd mortgage when you file for chapter 7? When filing chapter 7
How to protect restaurant concept? I own a restaurant concept and a hotel wants to do a pop up concept of it in Mexico that runs for 1 year. Is there anything that I need them to sign to protect my IP regarding the concept (i.e. all recipes and logo are our property)? Also
How to reduce ex-husband's monthly child support in contract? I am trying to write a contract for me and my ex husband in regards to his monthly child support.  I have agreed to lower the amount each month until he is able to find a better job
How can illegal alien gain visitation or custody? My ex-girlfriend is hiding my daughter from me. I have not seen her since she was a newborn.  As an illegal alien in this country I was wondering how I could gain visitation rights or any form of custody?
How does buy-sell contract work in business partnership? We have been in business for 8 year and we have no buyout or buy sell agreement contract.  Now
I posted a video on Youtube with a soundtrack but I am not making money on the video. Am I violating copyright laws? None
How do I obtain full physical and legal custody of my son?  How do I obtain full physical and legal custody of my son? The dad hasn't been in the picture since birth but is on the birth certificate.
Do I need to make alimony payments while I am on the medical leave of absence? I am mentally ill and my doctor is putting me on leave of absence from work. It is an unpaid leave of absence. Do I need to make alimony payments while I am on the medical leave of absence?
If I was featured in a publication
I'm starting a brokerage
What are requirements to copyright business website? What are the requirements to copyright a business website?
Oregon Contract Laws After signing a contract
Can I file for my citizenship if my wife and I are separated and living in two different states?  Can I file for my citizenship if my wife and I are separated and living in two different states?  We are not legally separated.  We have been married for 11 years.  I have been a resident for almost three years.  She is a citizen. I am a legal resident.
Can I sue my employer for firing me after 17 years of work? Can I sue my employer for firing me after 17 years of work?
Can a person in the same position receive more wages then one that has been with more experience?  Can a person in the same position receive more wages then a person that has been with 10 years experience? The new person doesn't have experience.
Can I get my last pay check without signing an application from that agency? Can I get my last pay check from my agency I work for 14 days without signing an application from that agency?
How difficult to turn California S-Corp into Delaware C-Corp ? We recently started to work on out start-up and asked an accountant we knew to create a company for us
Do I legally have to take my husband's last name if I got married? I just got married.  Do I legally have to take my husband's last name?  I live in Illinois.
Trademark law: I am a baker and want to name certain mini cakes after famous characters. Is this a legal issue. For example can I name a small black and red mini cake The Mickey Mouse
With conjunction with my business partner
Site for helping write demand letter to insurance company? Can anyone recommend a good site to help write a demand letter to an insurance company?
Do I owe foreign withholding on a payment to a foreign national who performed services for me?  Do I owe foreign withholding on a payment to a foreign national who performed services for me?  Mostly in Canada but some in the US.
Unable to verify that ex served with papers saying I have custody. Is there anything I can do about a constable not being able to sign a written statement about him serving my ex with papers that I would have custody after 45 days. She never came in to file for reconsideration now that the 45 days are up and she still will not give me the children. What can I do?
How do I register business name? How do I register a name for my business?
What document needed to remove negative record on credit report? What type of document needs to be filed to remove a negative record on a credit report?  Is it the same document for a civil claim judgement?Most are for credit card companies that accepted a lesser amount.
How long is copyright in effect? How long does a copyright stay in effect?
Lawyer files motion to withdraw as counsel before upcoming deadlines. What do I do if my lawyer filed a motion to withdraw as a counsel last week? According to the TTAB upcoming deadlines in the cases we are suppose to produce Expert Disclosures and Discovery closes next week.
Filing a suit against Bank of America for stealing our house? I Live in NH. How do I go about filing a suit against Bank of America? I can not afford an attorney so I have to do this on my own. They stole our house and I wish to sue them.
How long does a solar contractor have before he can put a lien on your house? How long does a solar contractor have before he can put a lien on your house for a balance under $5000.00? And ruin our credit?Solar power contractor is not complying with our contract.
Does amending corporate bylaws require shareholder approval? What is the process for amending corporate by laws?  Does it require shareholder approval?
What kind of licenses/tax IDs/permits do I need to buy at wholesale? Some manufacturers ask for state tax ID but I was told that reseller permit number is in fact a state tax ID number. Is that true? Or do I have to get the state tax ID from the IRS?
The condo above mine flooded. Who is liable for the damage that was done to my condo?
What precautions should I take in case the tenant refuses to pay in future?  Hi
Shouldn't court enforce all promises/agreements? Shouldn't court enforce all promises/agreements?
Is it legal to have two different real estate agents representing you on two different properties at the same time? Is it legal to have two different real estate agents representing you on two different properties @ the same time?
Am I allowed to mention a movie (the Lord of the Rings) by name in a book I am writing?
Could I start my own separate external business based on this and similar processes and still keep my job?  I have developed a computer-based process for speeding up documentation production. I developed it at home and on my own time. Yet it would be helpful if I brought it to my employer
Can you sell a portion of your land if there is a mortgage still left owing on it?
Does anyone know where to get
Will dropped domestic violence charges appear on Level 2 check? I have 2 counts of domestic violence charges that were dropped. Will it appear on the level 2 check?
What business structure should I use for a fitness consultation home business? What business structure should I use for a fitness consultation home business: LLC
What is the legal definition of a resident of a New York City apartment?  What is the legal definition of a resident of a New York City apartment? I've heard that if someone is living in a space for more than three weeks
How long are copyrights good for? I would like to know how long are copyrights are good for. I have some that were renewed in 1972-79. I have been told that they are good for 70 years. A publishing company says that they are public domain.
How many days do I have to give the tenant to vacate: 30 or 60 days? How many days do I have to give the tenant to vacate: 30 or 60 days?
Can the owner lock the tenant out when rent is one month behind? Can the owner lock the tenant out when rent is one month behind?
In a divorce
I need help with my I-90 form? I need help with questions 3
Tenant rents to second person who fails to pay rent. I have assigned my commercial lease a second Tenant (T2).  T2 has failed to make rental payment to the Landlord (L).  Now I am being sued by the L. I know that I am liable. I am wondering what causes of action I can bring against T2 to regain my loss after I settle my case with the L.
Can defendant testify about plaintiff saying they have liability insurance? Plaintiff and Defendant are in a car accident. Plaintiff gets out of his car and tells defendant
I was the original lease signee on my elderly mom's apartment. My mom signed the newest lease. Now we're having problems with the rental co. returning the deposit since she's moved out. The company will not speak to me as I am not on the lease. What can I do on my mother's behalf?
Is it legal to hold back paycheck to match pay cycles? Is it legal to hold back a week's paycheck after you've worked for a company for a year? The owner of our company is holding back a week's pay
Was husband's renal cell carcinoma caused by asbestos or Agent Orange? My question is that my husband died in October of this year because of Renal Cell Carcinoma. I want to know if this cancer is caused by working on asbestos or from Agent Orange?
Are tax laws different from state to state? Are tax laws different from state to state?
Being sued for trademark infringement for domain I own. I am being sued for a domain I purchased in 2/2011. I have a temp site with a registration page for people to signup for the service while we build it. My company has the same name as the domain. This other company decides they want the name because they have launched an iPhone app. They filed a trademark but it hasn't been passed by the USPTO office. They are saying take the low ball offer (I would lose money) or they will sue. This domain is worth $100k minimum
In Alabama
Would the taller fence lessen our liability if an accident occurred after illegal entry? We are a 58-unit HOA. The board recently voted to replace a 42 chain link fence around the pool with a 6-foot aluminum fence. We were under the impression Florida code required a 6 foot fence around a public pool.  Now a homeowner is questioning the necessity of the 6 ft fence. Would the taller fence lessen our liability if an accident occurred after illegal entry?
Is client refunded for cancelled project when company deemed compliant? We are boutique web firm. We took on a client with 30% retainer. After about 3-4 months into the project we fell victim to the internal politics of the client side management  and client subsequently cancelled the project stating various reasons including incompetency demanding a full refund of the retainer. We responded to a RFP and did not have a written contract specifying payment terms
Is it right if an employer pays us $6.50 and makes us pay to wash people's clothes out? I work at a cleaners in Westland
Am I responsible for warranties issued on items I repaired once I have seperated from a company. No contracts or articles of employment were ever signed. I never personally endorsed any of said warranties in writing. I am now being harrassed by the owner of said company regarding customers items. None
What corporate structure should I use to register my mobile app startup and what's the process for registering a company operating in NYC? What corporate structure should I use to register my mobile app startup and what's the process for registering a company operating in NYC?
How do I set up a limited liability company? How do I set up a limited liability company?
If we have a stock purchase agreement along with a contract that we both agree on
What is the best form of incorporation if you expect vc funding? What is the best form of incorporation if you expect vc funding?
Should contracts be in name of holding company or individual name? We have a holding company (LLC) for several Manufacturing companies (LLC's). We would prefer to streamline our NDA's
My brother and I have a partenership
Can my closely held corporation own another company that I set up?
How to protect shareholder rights invested in foreign company? What is the best way to protect shareholder rights when those rights are invested in a foreign company?
If you use to own a business that was bought out by a corporation- and you are hired by the corp
What resources available to represent self and use evidence in small claims? California- Where can I find information on how to represent myself and use evidence in small claims court?
Is cease and stop required if using trademarked name as business
How much does it cost for lawyer to put court date back on calendar? I missed a court date for traffic and now I need to have it placed back on the court calendar. Approximately how much would it cost for a lawyer to just do that?
How to properly sale a name? What's the proper way to sale a name whether it be for a book or for a business?
I was creating a publication startup with 2 partners. We formed a detailed business plan
How to protect IP when outsourcing programming/coding? I am co-founding a company with another non-technical friend. We are hiring out of state developers
Does company own rights to materials submitted by site users? Our company publishes content submitted by our users on our social networking website to attract like-minded users. Because it has been voluntarily submitted to our site
Consultation on Patentability and/or Trade Secret protection? Los Potosinos is in the Specialty food industry. We package a proprietary blend of Ready-to-mix gluten free mixes for consumer use. Since both the packaging and formula are unique (Gluten-Free flours require a mixture to achieve optimum results based on desired product outcome)
Am I still able to apply the patent in another country before the US patent is issued? I applied a patent 20 month ago and requested no-publication at the time. After first rejection
Is money brought by first-time immigrant to US subject to taxation? Greetings! When a first-time immigrant arrives in the US (a person who has done the green card interview at a US consular post abroad
Can opposing counsel in a civil lawsuit be sued for fraud? Can opposing counsel in a civil lawsuit be sued for fraud if it can be proven that they intentionally deceived the Court and the defendants and the State of California. They filed verified complaint with false information about the legal status of their client. They misrepresented
Am I required to file income tax if I am not a corporation? Am I required to file income tax if I am not a corporation?
Should I file it myself and use an attorney for the full patent? Should I hire an attorney for a provisional patent or should I file it myself and use an attorney for the full patent? How much would each option cost?
When a tech startup offers an online service
I want to protect a piece of jewelry and the name for it. What do i need for it (e.g. trademark
Are seed deals typically structured as debt or equity? I am hearing of more companies getting early stage funding in the form of a convertible note.  Is this more common than preferred financings now?
What business license would best suit engineer on F1 student visa starting consulting business? I'm a Mech Engineer currently on F1 student visa contemplating on starting up a business for providing consulting to architects
I am in the process of starting my own company and have found a partner. I offered him a 40% equity stake in my company in exchange for him to design
Partnership with numerous businesses converting only one to LLC. A partnership has numerous businesses
Should I incorporate as a LLC or s-corp? Should I incorporate as a LLC or s-corp?
What are the legal requirements for starting an investment group in Arizona? I am thinking of a limited partnership with 2 general partners.
I have entered into a bad business relationship. My partner is not paying for any of the overhead and sends me disturbing and threatning emails. I also believe that there is some abuse of my web based business by way of moonlighting. Please help.
Rights of owner if no operating agreement signed? (Wyoming) I own & operate (registered in WY. w/ PPB in AZ.). We have operated together for 7 months & are now having a dispute. We never signed an operating agreement. We agreed verbally to the ownership (changed a few times) but never (4 Founders) signed any documents. One of the founders never put his name on the articles of org. 3 of us (on articles) want to discontinue this business with the 4th (not on articles) and just finish up the project at hand. We want to start a new business (now)
How to resolve wrongful shoplifting accusation? I was wrongfully accused of shoplifting. I want to know what procedures I can take to have this resolved?
Is there anything we can do about our ordering since they are in China? My husband and I ordered rings from a website that listed a NY as it's address. We asked them to cancel the order before the rings were made when we found out that the NY address is just a front for a business in Hong Kong. They refused to cancel and ruled the order and sent us the incorrect rings. They sent us rings that aren't even on their site. Now they want us to pay and ship them back which we cannot afford and want to charge us 25% restocking fee. Is there anything I can do about this since they are in China? i just need some advice on how to get my money back all of it even shipping.
Please help my husband and the family's soul provider. My husband is being extradited to Florida for violation of probation and it's a felony. Do I need a public defender when I negotiate with the probation officer? lf no agreement can be made how much time is he looking at serving when he had 15 months left on a 2-year probation?
Can I be taken to court after five years? 5 years ago I was charged with shoplifting and  just now going to court about it
Can lawyer subpoena my personal information from mother? Can a lawyer issue a information subpoena to my mother and ask for my social security number and personal information? I'm 25 years old and a judgement was issued against me for $1
Can case be dismissed if witness makes inconsistent statements to police and in deposition? If the witness against me in a criminal case makes inconsistent statements in his statement to the police and in his deposition with my attorney
Can you violate probation that you never started? Can you violate probation that you never started?
Is it legal
Do you still need probable cause to pull someone over in a traffic stop?  Do you still need probable cause to pull someone over in a traffic stop?
Is there any possible way of getting an open work permit in the USA? Is there any possible way of getting an open work permit in the USA?
If I submitted the wrong form
Can I get alimony if I'm a legal resident in Miami
Can illegal immigrant with children get greencard papers? I entered the U.S. without a visa. I have been married to her for 1 year we have two kids (4 year old and a 2month old) I entered the U.S. illegally about 10 years ago. Would it be really hard to get my papers?
I recently (7/19) opened an account and sold items on EBAY - payments are made thru my Paypal account which I've had for years.   They have decided to hold the funds until 3 days after the item is shipped (at my expense) and received. Is this legal?
Giving angel investors preferred stock? Our startup was launched five months ago and we have angel investors who want to invest about $500
Do I still need to register my Nevada llc as a foreign llc in CA? Hello
Will my bad credit ruin fiance's good credit when we marry? I am female and live in GA
If I worked in another country do I still need to pay taxes in my home state of Nevada? If I worked in another country do I still need to pay taxes in my home state of Nevada?
How does one solicit donations for a student film in NY without legal ramifications? How does one solicit donations for a student film in New York City without legal ramifications?
How much taxes incurred by outsourcing operations and support? We are based in NYC registered as an LLC. Suppose if we outsource our operations software and support to China/India
What are minimum legal documents for starting company with two co-founders? What is the minimal set of legal documents I should set up and have in place when starting a company with two other co-founders?
What is required (from a tax/legal perspective) for a service provider to do business with a client in Australia? We have a prospective client located in NSW
Can LLC general partner legally withhold financial information? I am a partner of an LLC which owns a 63-unit apartment building. The general partner has been ignoring my requests for the buildings financial information for the past year. Our operating agreement states that as a partner I'm entitle to company reports. Is withholding the information illegal?
In California
Being a non-founder of a online tech startup
Can ex-wife come to son's sporting events on my scheduled visitation days? Can my ex wife show up at sports events of our son even on my scheduled visitation days?
What state should I hire an attorney if I live in NC but had an accident in NJ? I live in NC but had an accident in NJ. What state should I hire an attorney
How do I sue an ex-boyfriend for mental emotional distress?  How do I sue an ex-boyfriend for mental emotional distress? Also grabbed my arm and left a bruise
I was a victim of a hit and run collision.  Am I entitled to more than the value of my car? I was a victim of a hit and run collision.  Am I entitled to more than the value of my car? I was not physically hurt and the woman of the other car was arrested with a dui or dwi.  Do I need a lawyer ? I was able to track down her insurance company 3 days after the collision.  Any advice on this matter would be appreciative.
If my son got a methadone pill off of the night stand at a hotel
Can I use my tenant's security deposit to cover the September rent that he can't pay? My tenant gave me 30 day notice on Sept 5th. He cannot pay the rent for Sept.1. How many days does he have before he has to vacate??2.  Can I use part of his security deposit to cover the rent??
Can I still take the driver to small claims for the remainder I think they owe me? IM in California
What shall I do if an accident injured a pedestrian on a city car driven by me? I plead not guilty under the doctrine of superior respondent. An accident injured a pedestrian on a city car driven by me. What shall I do?
What is the statute of limitations for a personal injury claim in Colorado? What is the statute of limitations for a personal injury claim in Colorado? I rear ended a vehicle on 08/03/11 and had a case filed against me on 08/08/12. The vehicle I was driving was fully insured What should I do now?
Friend gave my children dolls
Can they give a fine if I don't pick up my car? My car is at a towing yard because it was recently involved in an accident. Can they give a fine if I don't pick up my car?
What to do if I haven't gotten paid since it's been 3 months since I went through arbitration? It's been three months since I went through Arbitration and my case was settled and I still haven't gotten paid. What can I do?
You write a very successful book and find that a movie company is interested in making a motion picture out of it. You'd like to control the rights and demand the ability to have final approval over the script. Is that possible? None
Manufacturer requires MAP policy that hurts sales. We are an internet business dealing with manufacturer that require internet retailers follow a MAP Policy (min advertised price). Many of my competitors are selling at way below the MAP. After bringing this to the mfg attn
Hi
Can I use pictures of jobs I completed on website without employer consent? I'm a carpenter looking to build a website for my business. I would like to use pictures from jobs in which I was the employee
Can employee be fired without signing at will agreement? is it legal for an employer to fire at will when an 'at will'employment agreement has never been signed
Mother's employer says she must pay for medical treatment if on disability leave. My mother has been off of work for 5 months now due to a job injury. She as been through physical therapy and just had surgery. Her employer said if she is on unpaid or disability leave
What are typical legal costs for startups? I'm working on financial projections for a potential new business
Is my lease null and void? I signed a lease agreement on 9/15/2011 and put a deposit of $130.00 with sure Deposit this is what the managment company offered.  Now it appears that a new Management Company took over on 9/22/2011
Is technology use obligated in trial if one side proficient? Is there an ethical obligation to use technology in trial if the other side is proficient in its use?
I signed a contract in 2008 to receive uniform services from a company. Is it legal for the company to automatically renew my contract for another 36 months after my initial 24 months? If I do not cancel 90-180 days before it renews
Took internet payday loan
What are US taxes for non-resident shareholder on capital gain and dividends? If US non-resident (offshore company
Can company be repossesed if sales agreement breached? X Inc. breached their sales agreement by not agreeing to pay the monthly payments to Y Inc. Y Inc. has not transferred stock. Can Y Inc. repossess their company even though such a provision was not in the sales agreement?
Is lease for office space nullified if building sold? I have five years left on my lease
Can I be sued in Georgia for defaulting on an equity line that was taken out on a home in Florida? The home was foreclosed on and recently sold.
I have been asked to manage approximately 50 rental units for an individual property owner in Oregon.  I am not a licensed property manager.  Can I legally manage these properties without a property management license?  Could I just be considered an employee of an individual? None
I need a non circumvention agreement for information I have on a company. Where can I get a standard one?
How to obtain Terms and Conditions
How to navigate IP awareness regarding competing companies? As a business development person
Is becoming S-Corp best for starting home-based business? I am starting a home-based business and would like to know if becoming an S-Corp is the way to go.
Does partner separating from s-corp have duty of loyalty? I have a business partner who is unhappy and wishes to separate from the s-corp. Does he have a duty of loyalty or fiduciary duty not to compete unless being realeased from that duty by me
What is correct form and procedure for lawsuit dissolving business partnership? I have been served with a lawsuit in trying to dissolve a bad business partnership. This comes after accruing a $10
I made a $3000.00 investment with a friend 2 years ago in the new sports arena in Guadalajara
Am I legaly allowed to charge an interest to my customers for a service if they do not pay within the 30 net terms of my proposal/contract
Can a slogan or made up  word be copyrighted?
Is sentencing without guilty plea or lawyer present violation of rights? My son got arrested and went to first appearance. There he was sentenced to 4 months in jail without pleading guilty or having the right to have a lawyer present. I was wondering if that was in violation of his legal rights?
What will happen in court for putting hands on a police officer and evading arrest? Those are two misdemeanors and it's a first time offense and I'm 17.
I want to have a fidelity clause in my prenup and my  attorney has never done one. I read about such on the internet
Are no-action letters only for SEC regulators? Can a no-action request letter be sent to a state securities regulator or are they meant only for SEC regulators?
What are my legal rights with a trust when my father has Alzheimer's? My father put a trust together for my sister & I and is now incompetent from Alzheimer's.  She is taking over the money and I want to know if I have any legal way to keep her from dissolving our trust?
Person comes into home for service
Is it common for music company to get sole copyright for artist's work? My son has the songs that he wrote copyrighted. He recieved a contract from a music company in California this week
Can my baby's father get custody of my baby while he is already married with another family? Can my baby's father get custody of my baby while he is already married with another family?
What to do if I just found out that there is a warrant out for my arrest and I want to resolve this issue? I just found out that there is a warrant out for my arrest
Can a landlord use security deposit to replace carpet after I move out for the next renter? Can a landlord use security deposit to replace carpet after I move out for the next renter?
Is a contract enforceable if it is not dated and is a contract valid without a date? Is a contract enforceable if it is not dated and is a contract valid without a date?
Can I be forced to sell property to pay off an heir to my dad's estate?  Can I be forced to sell property to pay off an heir to my dad's estate? There was no money left
If I have modified a product for a particular use
What is the alimony law in California? What is the alimony law in California?
How much should an attorney cost? How much should an attorney cost?
Am I obligated to take my son to his father at least halfway? If I'm separated from my so'ns father and I move to another city
Is there any reason I would have to pay child support in California after my child is 18? Is there any reason I would have to pay child support in California after my child is 18?
If I am raising money
How much do I have to change a copyrighted house plan so that it doesn't violate the copyright? None
Are work hours paid or unpaid during uninterrupted 30 min meal break? Under Calif law
Am I liable for bus crashes if I own a tour company
Can I change my attorney if my case was appealed to the superior court? real estate law involved.  I (my company) had sued the seller who didn't disclose the vital information on the house. We won the arbitration
What legal documents does a new business have to obtain or go through before raising money? What legal documents/procedure does a new business have to obtain or go through before raising money in a seed round?
Question regarding getting married in NV while our baby was born in CA? I got married in Nevada but I am a California resident. Our baby girl was born in California. If we got a divorce would child support be paid based in California or Nevada?
Getty images is demanding $1900.00 for the use of two pictures that were used on my website.  A third party developed my website. I did not know the pictures were part of the Getty collection. I have removed the pictures from the web site but Getty still wants there money.  What should I do?
Legal to copy large portions of a website's terms of use and private policy for your own website? Is it legal to copy large portions of a website's terms of use and private policy for your own website?
How do I arrange an equity agreement with my co-founder? How do I arrange an equity agreement with my co-founder?
Can a president of a S corporation keep his title after retirement?  Can a president of a S corporation keep his title after retirement?
If I have been served by my ex-mother-in-law to petition for my sons custody
At what point should I consider filing/see if I can file for patent? I am planning to develop a product that has a hardware component and a software/web/mobile component. At what point should I consider filing/see if I can file for patent? (idea formation phase
If I have a child and we have been living together but are not married do I still have to get a divorce? If I have a child with someone and we have been living together but are not married do I still have to get a divorce.
Can documents be reviewed online by an attorney for the LLC we created? Is there an attorney who can review the LLC documents we created before we send them to our other partner
Is it necessary to get a quit claim deed when there is a will to avoid probate? Is it necessary to get a quit claim deed when there is a will to avoid probate?
Can I sue state or county in NJ? Can I sue the State or County in New Jersey? Or are they Immune?Re: Their Employees Lying and causing me much Grief.
If I owe in child support
Will being out of US over 6 months affect citizenship application? I have held a green card since May 1990. I did not live full-time in the U.S. until December of 2008 at which point I renewed my green card. I wish to apply for citizenship however I am not sure if the fact I was out of the country for more than 6 months at a time will affect the fact.
How long the marriage needs to last to complete his citizenship? I've recently gotten married to a man from Africa. I have questions as to how long the marriage needs to last to complete his citizenship? after going through all the legal things he needs/we need to do. I am sure it's going to last but I want to have a legal answer.
Once a small claims judgement is won how is the best way to collect what paperwork is needed for the courts? Once a small claims judgement is won how is the best way to collect what paperwork is needed for the courts?
Does startup's generic IP agreement hold when signed by developers? Recently
Against the law to let an employee two days off to attend school? Is it against the law to let a full-time employee not be a able to work two days a week in Order to attend school? Example my store manager told me that have Tuesday and Thursday off for school wasn't allowed.
Is signed and notarized separation agreement legal? I have a separation agreement that was wrote by a third party and my wife and I signed it
Can husband enter home without consent while divorce in progress? Can a soon to be ex husband enter my home without permission?  We were married 3 years are in the process of divorce. He moved out 5 months ago and his name is not on the deed to my home.
How to change C corp to LLC? How would I change the status of my C corp to an LLC
Can I sue the company and manager in small claims for breach of contract if banned and still took money? I want to sue the manager of a health club. I was banned for 90 days and they still took money out of my account during the band and then revoke my membership after the 90 day. Can I sue the company and manager in small claims for harassment
Can you incorporate name and use it as two words on later documents? A church incorporates one name
Do I have any recourse for having to pay for a common area hot water tank without my knowledge? I have been renting an apt in MA for almost 6 years and recently had to have the gas company come out to check for gas leak while they were checking everything they informed me that the hot water tank was being used for both apts and it is metered to my gas bill. I was never told by the landlord that I would be paying for hot water for 2 apts. Do I have any recourse for having to pay for a common area hot water tank without my knowledge?
I have been married for 7 years now & I've been trying to get a divorce. How do I go about getting a divorce if I haven't seen my husband in 7 years? He left for Germany and I have no way to contact him.
Can I common law copyright an idea by mailing it to myself? Will this ever hold up in court?
How long does the landlord have to return the deposit to tenant? How long does the landlord have to return the deposit to tenant?
Does a Videographer own Copyright of his work until he is fully paid? Does a Videographer own Copyright of his work until he is fully paid by client? Videographer did not sign any kind of contract stating he would give up ownership.
Is the Dream Act ready to be use for people who wants to apply or only in the works? Is the Dream Act ready to be use for people who wants to apply or only in the works?
If your boyfriend buys you a car for Christmas in 2010 and you just broke up
Do I have to legally write another check even though it was received by the recipient on time? I sent a child support check dated 11/15/2010. The check was received
Do you have to pay child support if each parent has a child in Blair county
How do I go legally repoing a car from a private party that I loaned money to buy the car that hasn't made any payments on the money that was loaned to her How do I go legally repoing a car from a private party that I loaned money to buy the car that hasn't made any payments on the money that was loaned to her? I should also tell you that the car isn't registered in either one of our names. It was bought and sold to her by a third party which is not involved with the agreement (the loaning of the money to buy the car).
Can I sue for wrongful termination if my boss lied to me? Can I sue for wrongful termination if my boss lied to me?I had made some mistakes on my time card and my boss asked me about them. I explained the mistakes and I asked him if he was satisfied and comfortable with my answers and he said yes. I was then put on paid leave and subsequently fired for falsification/misrepresentation of time entries. I have a witness to this statement by him to me. on or about 9/25/11
What to do if the father of my daughter is not following the order and doesn't allow me to talk to her? When our child custody and divorce was finalized
What to do if I got stuck with every finance bills from my ex and says we share the kids equally? Husband filed for divorce. I got stuck w/ every finance bills. We have 2 children and he states that he does not need to help me w/ any kind of financial responsibility because we share the kids equally. He has a company by the name of Legal Shield helping him so I'm basically going of what he says and I feel kind of helpless.
Can I go out of USA without compromising my residency or greencard? I'm an immigrant- greencard holder. I went outside of USA for 10 months without re- entry last 2010 and when I was at the immigration they told me I overstayed and the officer warned me. Now
What is the legal age a child can be left home while parent runs a quick errand? What is the legal age a child can be left home while parent runs a quick errand?I have twin 11 year olds
Can my landlord tell me to leave after my 1-year lease is up?  Can my landlord tell me to leave after my 1-year lease is up? He gave me no reason as I am on SSI and can't afford to move and have no desire to move.
What is best compensation for board of directors in early stage company? In the early stages of a company with little cash
Is it okay to have a my kid as a witness in family law? Is it okay to have a my kid as a witness in family law?
If I take my friend to small claims court for owing me money
Question about contracts enforceable? in a two party agreement where two parties are forming a new California corporation whereby one party is providing technology & expertise and the other party (investor) is providing cash in exchange for 30% ownership. The party providing technology has signed the contract but the other party has NOT signed
Is it okay for a company to assume you will work on your day off? Is it okay for a company to assume you will work on your day off?
Is my brother responsible for my late mother's convalescent stay as they are harassing him to pay it? My mother has died and my brother is the Power of Attorney. She only had Social Security
How much does child support typically cost for a child in their in youth? How much does child support typically cost for a child in their in youth?
Can a private citizen buy a government building for a borough?  Can a private citizen buy a government building for a borough? Isn't that buying government.
What are father's rights when he works but pays no child support? My son's father does not pay child support.  We have been to court but since the father was unemployed at that time
What kind of Corporation or LLC is most ideal if I have 2 non-U.S. residents living outside the US? What kind of Corporation or LLC is most ideal for my situation? We have 3 key partners working on an web based service idea. 2 of 3 are non us residents living outside the US.
Am I entitled to any monies of the sell of the house? My grandmother died 8 yrs ago and did not leave a will but her daughter who also lived in the same house is the next of kin and presume became the probate registry of the estate. However the sell of the house was last year without telling me. Am I entitled to any monies of the sell?
Legal for renting tenants to be charged for roof repairs? Hi there
How long do you have to move out of a house that you are renting after the landlord sells the home? How long do you have to move out of a house that you are renting after the landlord sells the home?
What to do when gift deed is in my sister's name?  My father and I inherited a home gift Deed and it names both as joint tenants. My father passed away and I would like to remove his name from the deed. I spoke to my County Recorders office and found out he left a Gift Deed: Reservation of Life Estate to my sister. I was told currently Gift Deed with her name is the only owner. I am not sure what to do?
What can I do to get the paper I need if a deceased name is on the title? Bought a motor home from an  executor of the estate. Deceased name is on the title with the executor of the estates signature. The motor home has been in storage for 5 years. Have a buyer for the motor home but can't get a hold of the executor
I just painted a mural for a local business owner.  I created a logo for the business while painting the mural. The owner is refusing to pay the bill. Now this is my art work and I would like to be paid for my work. What rights do I have to the art work?
How to resolve racial discrimination at work? I was called a racial slur at work and harassed. I told HR and they did nothing but had a meeting with the person. What can I do to get this issue resolved? I have other employee statements to back my claims.
Is turning the keys over to the bank the same as Deed-In-Lieu-of Foreclosure and will it damage my credit? Is turning the keys over to the bank the same as Deed-In-Lieu-of Foreclosure and will it damage my credit?
copyright law when employer neglects to pay employee for work assigned I was employed by an event photography company and hired to shoot event photography as their employee. My employer neglected to pay me for 8 months straight and that has now been over a year ago. I want to know who holds the copyrights to the events I shot for them since I was never paid for the work. And it looks as though they do not intend on paying me or anyone else.
What is the law on raising rent in an apartment with a lease? What is the law on raising rent in an apartment with a lease?
Question regarding neighbor causing harm to our property? Do we have any recourse when someone on neighboring property is doing something on their property that will cause harm to our property?
As a tenant of property if the landlord enters your rented space without notice does it violated your lease? As a tenant of property if the landlord enters your rented space without notice does it violated your lease?
Do I have legal grounds to ask the tenant to leave if the clause on 60 day notice isn't clear? I am a landlord and am renting out our house in Menlo Park
Can I have my neighbor cut his tree down if all of the leaves are falling on my side? Can I have my neighbor cut his tree down if all of the leaves are falling on my side?
Doesn't the landlord have to paint and clean carpets when we move out as normal wear and tear? I have rented the current house I live in for two years
If I'm a real estate investor
Would I be able to rent an apartment if I'm 16 and I already have my high school diploma? I'm 16 and I already have my high school diploma. I currently live in San Francisco but want to move to Fresno to study there. The problem is I wouldn't know where to stay. Would I be able to rent an apartment?
What can I do legally if my mother left my son for 20 minutes alone? My 1 year old was left home alone sleeping while her mother left for 20 minutes. I just found out about this and I am very upset. What can I do about this?
What should I protect myself from if I'm starting an IT contracting business? I'm starting an IT contracting business and I'm wondering what should I be protecting myself from. I'm aiming to get small to medium businesses across the states.
f a company (a dog breeder)
I have created a  reseller agreement and I wanted to know if it's done correctly? I have created a  reseller agreement and I wanted to know if it's done correctly? Or can it be used in a consignment agreement?
Can my landlord advertise his own business in my business parking lot? Can my landlord advertise his own business restaurant in my restaurant business parking lot?
Can I file for child support if we are not divorced but we are separated? Can I file for child support if we are not divorced but we are separated?
When going into mediation
Do i have a right to refuse rent if my landlord refuses to fix anything? My landlord refuses to fix anything. Do i have a right to refuse rent?
How to get my husband citizenship after we had a child and married in 2006? I married my husband in 2006 and we have one child together. We have never tried to get him citizenship and we want to. It is time for him to get it. We don't know how to go about doing it. He has been here for over 10 years now.
On a contract that is governed by the Florida State Law
For an eviction proceeding
Can I claim my children on taxes? i am divorced and have 5 children. I pay $1861/month for support. Can I claim any of my children on my taxes?
Can I evict because all the other units will get pets? A tenant after years of renting from us and knows there are no animals has gotten a prescription for a companion dog.  What rights do I have and can I evict because all the other units will get pets?
Is a corporate debt for a service incurred when the service is ordered? Is a corporate debt for a service incurred when the service is ordered
Could you please provide me with the information necessary for making up the disclaimer of warranties?  I invented an new product. I assume that it can be used for some illegal means therefore wish to work out a disclaimer of warranties so to discharge responsibility for the consequences of such use. Could you please provide me with the information necessary for making up the disclaimer of warranties?
Is it against the law to put famous quotes on shirts to sell? I would like to start a T-Shirt company that uses positive quotes of different people for artwork. Is this against any copyright laws?
If someone typed up a contract and signed it
Do I still get commission after termination? Do I still get commission after termination?
If so how long do they have to hold until they can sell? Are they able to sell back the shares to the issuing company for a profit before any holding period is completed?
If divorce happens do I get to keep the home without having to give to my ex 50% since he gave it to me?  We bought a home and my husband granted me the home as a gift (community property) I have the title on my name. If divorce happens do I get to keep the home without having to give to him 50% since he gave it to me?
fraud
Question regarding a story of my husband to be blocked? My husband was involved in an incident in early 2012 that was written up in the local paper.  The write-up was based solely on court records of the incident
In state of California
Possible to leave the company I am with & start a new company making a different version of the product? I want to leave the company I am with and start a new company making a different version of the product. The product is in the public domain and I have not signed any agreements or an NDA. Can I do this legally?
What is the copyright law for citations? I'm annotating a book of literature and am placing dictionary definitions in the margins from dictionary.com. Can you tell me what the copyright law is for citations?
Does the defendant's Public Defender have the right to hire a private investigator? Recently I was approached at my home by a man declaring himself to be an investigator hired by the state to obtain a recorded session of me recounting all the details involving the man who is charged with two counts of Aggravated Assault and a second degree felony Burglary charge. Afterwards
True if my attorney can lump my homes from FL and NY together if he is only licensed in NY? I have a home in New York & a home in Florida. My attorney is setting up a trust for me but he is only licensed in NY. He told me that since only those two properties are involved
Legal for my employer to miss the payroll for 3 weeks? I am paid hourly and pay period is weekly. My employer has been missing weekly payroll. Sometimes for 3 weeks.  Is this legal?
Is it legal for me to be fired for inquiring about a different job?  Is it legal for me to be fired for inquiring about a different job? the new job called my boss for a reference and he called me and fired me.
How do I go about withdrawing money from deceased mom's old bank account? How do I go about withdrawing money from deceased mom's old bank account? I have her Death Certificate and I am listed in will. We are in California and the bank is Wells Fargo?thanks
Recourse in business purchase contract and non-operational equipment. if a business is purchased and the contract states the equipment is operational and it proves not to be
If I get married outside the U.S.
Is there any recourse for an employee falsely accused of stealing money from an employer? Is there any recourse for an employee falsely accused of stealing money from an employer?
Will listing our home address open us to liability
Able to sue the person who sold me a faulty car? I'm wondering if I am able to sue the person that sold me a car and told me it was fine and didn't tell me the problem of the car? I can't drive the car as it's just parked . If I can what type of lawyer do I get?
How much would a lawyer charge me to fill out the deferred act in Georgia? How much would a lawyer charge me to fill out the deferred act in Georgia?
How do I legally start a printing press and use various bands and sports teams on my products? I'm starting a printing business and want to various use bands and sports teams logos on my products. How do I do this legally? What steps or possible costs would be in this process?
Who must vacate the house: the receiver or the server? The person serves the divorce papers. Then who must vacate the house: the receiver or the server?
Can I take pictures of my music equipment and upload these to my website? I intend to have a web designer create an e-commerce site which showcases my business
Can someone post pictures of a minor online without their consent? Can someone post pictures of a minor online without their consent?
Are you bound by the original price even though it was not discussed or can you stand on the corrected ad price? If you place an ad with auto-trader with the wrong price and someone calls about the ad.You make arrangements to meet the next day so they can see the car. During the conversation you do not discuss the price
If I take the car back will the individual be able to sue me? I have a car that is in my name which is in the possession of someone else. This person has been making monthly car note payments for about nine to ten months. However I want the car back since the individual has yet to take it out of my name. If I take the car back will the individual be able to sue me?
Is it illegal to rent this house with these conditions and is it illegal to rent a house after you have already filed bankruptcy? Hi
Like to read the stand your ground law? I would like to read the stand your ground law please?
I am a single woman age 76 and I have an old beau living with me for the past year.  He does not pay any rent or any bills.  When I die
Lawyer failed to show up to court case for accidental fire. I recently paid a lawyer over 20K to represent me in an accidental fire case regarding a home I was renting. The case was continued on three separate occasions. On the third court appearance
If we get accepted into a 3-month start-up incubator program
I have a contract with a car dealer that I want to break. The reason is because the contract I signed says I am to pay $242.06 and the finance representative says I am to pay $288.36 a month. Are those grounds for breaking my contract?
What to do with unresponsive supervisor who apparently fired me? I was harassed by a guy at work. I reported the issue to my supervisor was scheduled off the next 2days. When it came time to return  to work I called in to call off due to feeling ill and was told that I was taken off the schedule w/out being informed by my supervisor. I attempted to call my supervisor the next morning was told numerous times that she was unavailable and girl that answered the phone had been given my operator #w/out informing me. I requested to speak to my supervisor mgr and he would not answer my call but told the operator to tell me 2tocontact corp. When I contacted corp no one new anything and I was given the run around. Finally hr told me that they would talk to me in a few days.no call. After 5 days
Do you have to change the carpet in my rental every 5 years? Do you have to change the carpet in my rental every 5 years?
I have a pickleball paddle company for 7 years. I manufacture several types of paddles. One paddle is called the Pro-Lite Classic Graphite. Now another company has just produced a paddle
Is it possible to patent a software-internet  application in the USA? Is it possible to patent a software-internet  application in the USA? How much are attorney fees and registration fees?
Can I get money out of my absent father now?  Hi
 If my fiance is still married to someone who wont divorce her in Guyana how much would it cost for her to get divorced?
Should I get a lawyer or pay for the traffic ticket for speeding 63/45? I received a traffic ticket for speeding 63/45. Should I get a lawyer or pay for the ticket?
Do I go to jail if I'm not able to repay? I have performed works for someone
If a month to month tenant moves and leaves personal items behind
Can I evict the tenant before the 30 days? I own a property that my son and his girlfriend lives in. He has been in the property fort 10 or so years.   The girlfriend does not pay rent
Can my Jamaican spouse be deported? I'm a US citizen married to a Jamaican. Can he be deported?
Is a job considered full-time at 32 hours or 40 hours a week? Is a job considered full-time at 32 hours or 40 hours a week?
What grounds can my neighbor sue me on if I ran over her cat? I accidentally ran over my neighbor's cat and now my neighbor is threatening to sue me. What grounds can she sue me on?
What protection can a lawyer give me to prevent wage garnishment from Cash Call? What protection can a lawyer give me to prevent wage garnishment from Cash Call? I can no longer pay them what I could since my job has been reduced to part-time.
Question regarding my company if it is British-based? My company is a British-based. It signed an agreement with a State government in Nigeria in Nigeria without any statement of jurisdiction. We want to take legal action against the State government for breach. Can we institute action action against the State government in the UK?
Will I be liable for bail if sister doesn't show in court? My sister has been charged with the following:elderly exploitationInsurance FraudUttering documentsAttempted Fraud18 counts of credit card fraudIntercepting US mailHer bond is set for $75
How long does copyright protect item? How long does a copyright last as protection of the item?
Can you move from a one-year lease into a month-to-month before renewing lease? Can you move from a one-year lease into a month-to-month lease before renewing lease for another term in the state of Pennsylvania?
Can a creditor take my assets? Can a creditor take my assets (i.e. car)?
Will new owner be required to serve me a 30-day eviction after the writ of restitution period is over? I was the tenant of a property that was foreclosed on.  I have been staying at the property through a writ of restitution but have not been able to find a new place to move into before the last day of the writ of restitution.  Is there any way to extend the period of the writ of restitution?  Will the new owner of the property be required to serve me a 30 day eviction notice after the writ of restitution period is over?
Since I gave notice and am willing to work the rest of the term
This property was left to me with a monthly mortgage I have a probate property that I have limited authority on.  I would like full authority. How do I go about getting that?
How can I work additional child support with it as it exceeds my bi weekly paycheck?  I pay 50% of my biweekly paycheck to child support. Now I have 2 more kids from a different relation and child support has ordered me to pay an additional $576 for this case. This exceeds my bi weekly paycheck.  How will this work?  Also the child support is being garnished.
Do I pay child support until my daughter is 19
Question about tenant? I found out that a tenant painted a couple of rooms black without notifying me first (as it says on the rental agreement). If given ample time (notice by phone call) that I need to come in and photograph the unit
Pros and cons of suing client who won't pay? I have a client
If I  ask my landlord a question then she wants me to move what can i do about it? If I  ask my landlord a question then she wants me to move what can i do about it?
Can non US citizen open legal case on US citizen? Can non US citizen open legal case on US citizen?
Conflict of interest if a lawyer represents a plaintiff in one case & the defendant's family member in another? Is it considered conflict of interest if a lawyer represents a plaintiff in one case and the defendant's family member in another?
Would like to 'legalize' the company and partnership? Myself and 2 friends started a company whose biggest project is an annual event. We currently have an MOU we all signed but we would like to 'legalize' the company and partnership?
Is there any way to avoid waiting for an immigrant visa outside the US and process the petition and wait inside the US without leaving the country at all? Hi
Should not the company pay the full 10 hours if it's holiday and they only pay 8 hours? I'm a full-time employee working 40 hours a week
Can the person that a parent appoints to have POA have the right to keep the children in their custody? Can the person that a parent appoints to have dual power attorney
Am I required to sign this document? I just decided to quit my job. I gave my boss my two weeks notice. However
Can a symbol be created for copyrighted works by someone else? If an organization has legal right to use and distribute someones intellectual property
Party I sued wants to settle without lawyers. I have signed an agreement with my lawyer but now the party that I sued has sent me a message that they want to settle without the lawyers.  What should I do?
Can I be sued if someone has similar design copyrighted after mine? I registered & had researched my art sketch with the Library of Congress. I'm now getting cease & desist threat from someone with a similar design. They'd been using theirs longer but did not copyright until 7 months after me. This is a simple t-shirt design. Can they sue?Mine is different enough from theirs.
If someone lives in a house and pays the property taxes
Can I take any legal action available to rectify online slander of a criminal record? I was online filling out applications then it came to mind to look up my criminal background for future employers when I came across a bogus active warrant issued for me. The info attained such as
Is it legal for someone I know to use my address as their credit card billing address in order to purchase something online? Is it legal for someone I know to use my address as their credit card billing address in order to purchase something online? They would use my address solely because they are abroad and the website in question does not allow international billing addresses
How can I make the father of my son support him financially?  I have a 9 month old son
Can a landlord who just bought property from old landlord give a 30 day notice for you to move because he wants to renovate? Can a landlord who just bought property from old landlord give a 30 day notice for you to move because he wants to renovate?
A law against taking someone off the schedule when you have given your two weeks notice? Is there a law against taking someone off the schedule when you have given your two weeks notice?
Can you quit your job and collect unemployment for any reason? Can you quit your job and collect unemployment for any reason?
Can I set up an irrevocable trust on my own? Can I set up an irrevocable trust on my own?
Should I file for bankruptcy if I owe $31
What to do if I am charged with a class 4 felony for taking someone's food stamps card? I am charged with a class 4 felony for taking someone's food stamps card. Now I was reading online and it says it is only a felony when the value is 500 or more and less then 15
What are my rights if I feel I work in a hostile environment with unfair practices and undo distress? I work for AT&T; and I feel that I work in a hostile environment with unfair practices and undo distress. What are my rights?
I'm thinking of starting a teaching business online for interested people. Is there a way to copyright my emails to the students so they cannot use my curriculum? And if I make an agreement that they will not use this info for other purposes etc
Can a landlord offer 1 month free to one tenant to renew their lease
How do I get a divorce and get my share of the property?  So my husband lives in Mexico. All of our property is located in Mexico. We where married in California. How do i get a divorce and get my share of the property? We have two kids which live with me in California and no he has never given me a dime for the support of our twins.
What to do if found out through social media that wife was having an affair while going through a divorce? I'm going through a divorce and just found out through social media that my wife was having an affair for over a year.
i would like to know if my wife has filed for divorce papers or not? i would like to know if my wife has filed for divorce papers or not?
What to do if my landlord is evicting me for their family vacancy and I haven't found a place yet? I'm a single mom of 7-year-old twins. I have lived in a small apartment riddled with problems from day one for 16 months. approx 60 days ago
 What are the requirements to establish an LLC?
I want to know if a non affiliated person who holds letter of investment stock with a rule 144 restriction on it can sell his shares to a Qualified Institutional Buyer (QIB) before the end of the 6 month holding period. Can an exemption under Rule 144A apply? None
How do I collect if I filed a small claims suit and won the judgement? i filed a small claims suit and won the judgement. The individual does not have legal property. How do I collect?
How detrimental is my liability if I originally signed a 12 month lease but stayed 22 months? I left for a better suited place for my business with 2 months left on my lease of a commercial space.  I cleaned out the property very well returning in very good condition.  I have a security deposit with the landlord.  I can't afford to pay double rents at this time due to start up costs in the new location.  I want to work this out with my former landlord.  How detrimental is my liability?  I originally signed a 12 month lease but stayed 22 months--always paid on time and in full.  I'm in the state of Georgia.  What's the worst that can happen to me?
How to copyright band name and logo? How to copyright band name and logo?
What do I do if I get a letter from a lawyer of an insurance company? What do I do if I get a letter from a lawyer of an insurance company?
Is single member LLC or S-Corp better for individual? As an individual
Lawsuit if my employer fired me cause someone sent an e-mail using my name on it to my employer? Someone sent an e-mail using my name on it to my employer. My employer fired me because of this. Do I have a lawsuit?
Is it legal to sign power of attorney with having alzheimer? My mom is in the latter stages of alzheimer's. Some friends got her to sign a new power of attorney
Internet Copyright Infringement Claim against me. A competitive internet sales site just had my Web Host shut down access to my own website claiming I was infringing upon her web images copyright.  I have searched online but can find no copyright registration on her part.  What are my options and/or rights here and how much would it cost to officially search for her copyright registration?  Also
Can I go to the court and ask the judge to grant me without the signature for a dissolution of marriage? Hi
Can an author of a book sue for unreported book sales
Can I get my appraisal cost back if I did not receive the service they promised nor have I received the actual appraisal? I was pre-qualified to re-finance my home and I paid for an appraisal. I have received the run around since December. I have not heard from this company. The Senior Loan officer won't answer or return my calls. Can I get my appraisal cost back?  I did not receive the service they promised nor have I received the actual appraisal.
Question regarding my son as a professional athelete and represented by an agent? My son is a professional athlete and is represented by an agent. This agent had him sign a contract governed by the laws of British Columbia. They are now having a dispute
How do I know if Memorial Day is a paid holiday? How do I know if Memorial Day is a paid holiday?
Is my grandmother's son entitled to anything? My son's father passed away last year. He(my son's father)
Is it legal for an employer to force you to go to a job after completion to receive forgotten items after hours in my personal vehicle without pay or mileage? Is it legal for an employer to force you to go to a job after completion to receive forgotten items after hours in my personal vehicle without pay or mileage?
Since there was no investigation done and they have no evidence can my employer terminate me? I was terminated from my job on 6/1/2012. There was money stolen from the safe. They had no cameras but still blamed me and terminated me for it. Since there was no investigation done and they have no evidence can they do this?
Is it legal if I have resigned from my firm and my employer refuses to pay me my bonus? I have resigned from my firm and my employer refuses to pay me - my bonus. I even have a notice in writing that the funds were to be paid for already preformed work. Is this legal?
Can my work go on someone's Facebook page and copy a conversation and reprimand employees? One of my co-workers was recently terminated.  A few days later the boss came to me with a copy of a conversation that the co worker and I had after she as dismissed. Can they go on someone's Facebook page and copy a conversation and reprimand employees for just blowing off steam or talking about them? I didn't get wrote up for talking with her. I felt it was just wrong to be on her page and she was fired days ago.
If you are on salary and get fired
Can you please advise how I can go about obtaining a legal visa to stay in America and to work? I've just been married to my husband who is an US Citizen and we want to apply for my papers... I came to America using the visa waiver visa as I am a nz citizen.. can you please advise how I can go about obtaining a legal visa to stay in America and to work?
Can I be fired from my job if I had an affair with another coworker's significant other? Can I be fired from my job if I had an affair with another coworker's significant other? It's a private practice in the state of Virginia and I am under contract.
Do we have rights if told that we had overtime and must pay back the company for the hours we worked? I work at Walmart and scheduled hours are from 10 pm to 6 am. Assistant managers ask us to stay until 7 am. We are now being told that we had overtime and our hours are being cut again and we must pay back the company for the hours we worked. Do we have rights?
Who can I sue if someone got arrested and used my identity? Who can I sue if someone got arrested and used my identity? Due to those charges my record now holds a felony. I lost 2 jobs due to these false accusations and charges. I really want to take action.
 If my mom died
Can you close store instead of paying the fine? Pennsylvania  Liq Controle Board has issued us a fine of $ 3000 for noise complaints made by one person over 6 months period. Is it possible to close for a time as funds are tight and $3000 would be hard to come up with in the time they would like?
Legal for my business partner to use my signature to remove himself without my permission?  Is it legal for my business partner to use my signature to remove himself from the business without my permission?
Is it ok to buy wholesale  Shoes online that claim they are authentic and resell them on your own website? Is it ok to buy wholesale  Shoes online that claim they are authentic and resell them on your own website?
Would I have dual citizenship with my Canadian boyfriend? I am a US citizen
Question regarding patents? In regards to patents. If I have 2 common widgets to the U.S.. Widget A & Widget B and I add a third uncommon Widget C to create a new product utilizing Widget A
Best way to set up an US non-profit org to receive donations and channel funds to churches overseas? What is the best way to set up an US non-profit organization to receive donations and channel funds to churches overseas?
Can we have a POA drawn up and signed in CA and have it be legal in AZ where they live? I would be the Grantor of a POA
Is it legal to force a worker to sign a contract with termination and not allowing to work other options? I work for a non-destructive testing company in Madison Heights
I want to produce and sell a product outside the USA which is very similar to a product which has a granted US patent. It does not have filings outside the US and  they are now time barred. Would there be any negative repercussions in my producing and selling the product outside USA? None
Divorce My husband wants a divorce when he had his friend serve me. My husband was present. Is that a legal service in California? But the court had a invalid proof of serve on the website now it says there was proof now he is saying I have a default cause I didn't answer back in time. What do I do?
Do I have any legal remedies if I have entered into a barter situation with a contractor and has not kept their promise? Hello
Can a 19-year-old man marry a 15-year-old?  Can a 19-year-old man marry a 15-year-old? If they go up in front of the judge to see if he will grant a court order will he be arrested that is in Reno
What does the law say about copying a news article and posting it on your own blog?
Must an employer pay you when they give you call in days? Must an employer pay you when they give you call in days
What to do if I'm trying to sell my condo before foreclosure but the other person's title is nowhere? I am trying to sell my condo before it goes into foreclosure. The title of the property is in two names. The other person is no where to be found
Am I require to pay for the replacement or do I have the rights to challenge?  When I moved out from the rental property
What are my rights if I was in need of hand surgery and was terminated? I was in need of hand surgery and was terminated because of it. What are my rights?
If the passenger in a car has an open container does the driver get the tickets? If the passenger in a car has an open container does the driver get the tickets?
How much notice does the owner have to give me to move?  If I am on a year's lease and owner does not want to re-rent the house how much notice does the owner have to give me to move?
If I pay some of my rent can I still be evicted? If I pay some of my rent can I still be evicted?
Do I have a case against the bank if my ex opened up a business account in my company's name? A well known bank allowed my soon-to-be ex-husband to open up a business account in my company's name. I brought this to their attention and they said they could not discuss it with me after telling me my name was not on the account. And there was nothing they could do to rectify the situation. Even after showing them my LLC paperwork. I am sole owner of my business and it states that on my LLC documentation. Do I have a case against this bank? If so what do I need to do to get this going?Additional info:I have tried going to the bank
Question in regards to the title on my late father's house? My father has passed away and left me as trustee on his trust and I have question in regards to the title on his house. Does the title have to be changed into my name as I am trustee? Note that my dads trust (50% of home)is on title now and my step moms trust (50% of home) is on title. I understand that this is a life estate for her
Illegal if I have a law office's request that they want notarized & my company won't have them notarized? I work for a large company and I complete record request from attorneys. I have a request from a law office that they want notarized and my company won't have them notarized. Is that illegal?
Can you patent a customized product? we recently started our business manufacturing bbq grills
Can I legally kick out of my home a high school student? In California
 Is there a web site I can go to to check on cases in Florida for my research?
Can my mother default on the visa balance due to medical hardship?   Hi
Can a child choose not to visit a parent with alcoholism?  Can a child choose not to visit a parent with alcoholism? If so
True if you have been in the rented property for more than a year that a 60 day notice is required? Is it true: If you have been in the rented property for more than a year that a 60 day notice is required?
What is the length of time does copyright protection last for a published book?
Is it legal to record a funeral/memorial service which includes live performances of copyrighted music to give limited copies to family members? None
As owner of an industrial unit do I have the right to bring a locksmith to open the unit?  As owner of an industrial unit do I have the right to bring a locksmith to open the unit? The renter owes 3 months rent and is not in the unit and does not reply to any of my calls.
If I want to sue Holland America Cruise Lines who is their Agent For Process of Service? If I want to sue Holland America Cruise Lines who is their Agent For Process of Service and what address do I use?
If you work 7 days straight with 10 and 12 hour days on the 7th day should that be double time ? If you work 7 days straight with 10 and 12 hour days on the 7th day should that be double time or time and a half?
Who has the right to the engagement ring if a guy cancelled the wedding? Who has the right to the engagement ring if a guy cancelled the wedding?
If a manager altered my timesheet and paid me less then what I worked for can I sue? If a manager altered my timesheet and paid me less then what I worked for can I sue?
if I want to continue with company A can I do that when they already filled my visa? Hello
Is the Executive Producer and full capital investor of a web series consider the owner of the production? Is the Executive Producer and full capital investor of a web series consider the owner of the production?
What do I need to get together for paperwork to have a contract drawn up if I want to buy out my partner? I want to buy out my business partner. What do I need to get together for paperwork to have a contract drawn up?
What can I do if there was no cancellation clause in my auto loan contract? There was no cancellation clause in my auto loan contract. What can I do about this? I feel deceived.
Questions regarding 4 non-US citizens with company incorporation? We are 4 non-US citizens currently working full-time in San Francisco on H1b visa for different employers. For the past few months
If someone does not own a copyrighted image and does not own a license to the image as well
If my parents make a list and sign it
If I live in Venango County in Pennsylvania
A friend wants me to take over their business & they don't want any money for it. How do we go about doing this? A friend wants me to take over their business
Best Practices if I am in the process of developing gaming concepts/technology to be sold/licensed? I am in the process of developing gaming concepts/technology to be sold/licensed.  I am concerned about how to protect the concepts/tech in progress while the ideas are being shopped.  NDAs are typically meaningless in this regard. Best practices?
What's the best way to protect my assets? I'm a California resident
Can a power of attorney be changed without knowledge or consent of the original person who has power of attorney?
Can they repossess my truck if I have made regular payments on it? I received a call yesterday from the financial institution that handles my truck loan.  I have been making payments on this vehicle for 6 years.  Apparently the loan matured on June 3rd.  I was not aware of this.  I made my regular payment on June 6th and July 6th.  The call yesterday informed me that my truck is being referred for repossession unless I pay the entire remaining amount of $2100.00.  Like I stated I have made the regular payments on the vehicle and those payments were accepted by the institution and now they are telling me that they can repossess my truck.  Can they do that since I have made regular payments on it?
If I'm not allowing my daughter to go with her father
Who is liable for my security deposit
How do you indicate that you do not have the requested documents? How do you indicate that you do not have the requested documents?
What do I need to do it if I want to make a LLC? I want to make a LLC. What do I need to do it?
What is the first step in getting my son back? What is the first step in getting my son back?
Am I considered divorce if I lived apart from my husband for 25 years? I have lived apart from my husband for 25 years. Do I still have to get a divorce? Or are we considered divorced?
How can I get my attorney to provide a billing statement? How can I get my attorney to provide a billing statement and return any unused fee retainer?
Is it legal or not to lay off  an employee with a chronic disease (OCD) in Illinois? Is it legal or not to lay off  an employee with a chronic disease (OCD) in Illinois?
Is it fraud to enter into a contract as a contractor if your bond is expired? Is it fraud to enter into a contract as a contractor if your bond is expired in the state of California?
Question regarding a small claim? I had a case in small claims court hands down I would of won but the Judge was feeling grouchey that day and threw out the case seemed like after he found out who his attorney was that could not be in smalls claims. What can I do?
Am I allowed to use quotes on business website? Am I allowed to include quotations from articles and industry professionals on my company's website (commercial) if properly crediting and citing the source (author
Can I get arrested for non-payment of a payday loan? Can I get arrested for non-payment of a payday loan?
How to maintain my full custody of my son when the mother now wants him back fully with child support? I was giving sole custody of my of son in 2010. After the mother had both of her children taken away from her
Can you have someone co-sign saying that you won't be responsible for non payment? Can you have someone co-sign for (for an apartment for rent) sign a document saying that you will not be legally responsible for non payment?
If I got served for child custody and there's no proof the man is the father legally and is demanding visitations before court
Can I only do limited duties & still collect my half of the business if I separated from my business wife? My wife and I have been separated for 2 yrs now. We run a business together.  i want to know if I can only do limited duties and still be able to collect my half of the business?
Is the letter enforceable in California if it's enforceable under Chinese law? I have a letter written in Chinese
Question about gaming community space startup? Hi
Do we split the house if divorced?  If my husband owned the house before we were married
Can I sue my daughter for not paying her student loan that I cosigned for? Can I sue my daughter for not paying her student loan that I cosigned for?
Does my husband have to pay for child support if I agree for him not to? My husband and I are filing an uncontested divorce
Which business entity should I use for an online business? I live in Indiana and am starting an online business. I eventually plan to have a brick and mortar here soon as well. My long term goal is to make this an international success as well. My question is should my business entity be an LLC? I have read several different responses to this question but was told in the end to consult an attorney.
What happen to my late mother's business and does it get handed down to her family or her partner? My mother has passed and had a partner for over 18 years.  She also had a small business in her name.  I (or any of my siblings) have received anything and has already had a big yard sale.  She died quickly. She had no last will and testament template. I understand things need to go through probate. Need to know how to get that started?  Also need to know what's to happen to the business
Do I have a case against the ER doctor or the hospital? My husband had a severe headache enough to be taken to the local ER. He was examined and diagnosed with a simple earache. He was given a shot of painkiller and sent home. Three hours later he was unresponsive and had to rushed to a larger area hospital by ambulance. He was diagnosed with a very severe case of spinal meningitis. If he had been given a simple blood test it would have showed a severe infection. He has lost some function of his right side and he gets very confused mentally. He now has to take seizure medication as insulin. My question is.  Because no blood test were preformed antibiotics were delayed. Do I have a case against the ER doctor or the hospital? We live in Fl. The ER is located in Alabama.
Am I liable to pay if a collection agency calling me to pay for my 30 year old son's past due bills? i have a collection agency calling me to pay for my 30 year old son's past due bills.   Am I liable to pay his bills?
If my daughter had a baby and put it up for adoption could my ex husband get out of paying for her college? If my daughter had a baby and put it up for adoption could my ex husband get out of paying for her college?
Is it legal for a bill collector to serve papers to a child when it was meant for the parent? Is it legal for a bill collector to serve papers to a child when it was meant for the parent?
What can I do to get full custody or even just full physical custody? I have a 3-year old daughter who is being bounced back and forth between her mother and week by week. The mother has filed for shared legal and physical custody. What can I do to get full custody or even just full physical custody?
If I'm being charged with assault should I bring a lawyer with me to my court date? If I'm being charged with assault should I bring a lawyer with me to my court date?
Does doctrine of inevitable disclosure apply to both partners or the individual in bad faith? Does the doctrine of inevitable disclosure apply to a self-employed consultant who has worked for a client and now the consultant wants to start his own business which becomes a direct competitor of the client? Consultant has not signed any non-compete but did sign a confidentiality agreement.If the consultant partners with an employee to create the business plan would the doctrine of inevitable disclosure apply to both or just the employee for acting in bad faith?If not
What to do if I'm being evicted because of verbal argument over combo lock? What to do if I'm being evicted because of verbal argument over combo lock?
Can I freely use the cover of books on my website if I'm writing a summary about them? Can I freely use the cover of books on my website if I'm writing a summary about them?
Question about corporations and loans? Corporation A is a close corporation owned and managed by Jim and Sharon.  Jim owns 75% of the stock
Does the statute of frauds apply to my mother or is there some assisted living bed hold exception?   New York ~ My mother is being billed by an assisted living facility for a bed hold charge of over $7
Is the landlord required to paint inside your apt if you have been in it for ten plus years? Is the landlord required to paint or make any changes inside your apt if you have been in it for ten plus years?Read more: http://wiki.answers.com/Q/Is_the_landlord_required_to_paint_or_make_any_changes_inside_your_apt_if_you_have_been_in_it_for_ten_plus_years#ixzz1xnVlUwWU
Website extremely similar face copyright infringement? I'm looking into building a website
Can employees in Georgia engage a retired person as a ranger on the golf course in exchange for golf privileges? can employees in Georgia engage a retired person as a ranger on the golf course in exchange for golf privileges?
Does a divorce affect my residency or me becoming a citizen? i got my permanent resident through my husband whom I've been married for 5 yrs less than a year ago. We've been having problems and might be getting a divorce
How do I get my wife to stay in the US with me when I was in the military for awhile? Me and my wife got married in Colorado 4 years ago. I was in the military and finally got her back to the US on a visitors visa. How do I get her to be able to stay in the US with me? Please help her visa expires on the 9th and I don't want to lose her again. Thank you!
Can a 501c3 corp. authorize a pay increase without the majority approval of the governing board? Can a 501c3 corp. authorize a pay increase without the majority approval of the governing board?
If I write a screen play
Does the life estate provision stand even if my brother's wife now owns the house due to my brothers death?  My dad quit claimed his house to my brother with a life estate provision in it. Since that time my brother has died. Does the life estate provision stand even if my brother's wife now owns the house due to my brothers death? We are in Ill.
What to do if landlord only verbally told me that he's selling the house I'm renting and I need to leave? My landlord informed me that he's selling the house I am renting and I need to find something ASAP. This was verbal. What should I do?
Can I provide my work address on my divorce forms?  Can I provide my work address on my divorce forms? I don't want him knowing where I live nor I want my parents finding out. Please help!
What type of attorney should I consult to review an employment contract? What type of attorney should I consult to review an employment contract?
If Credit cards are unsecured loans
Question about not paying between job sites? Can a house cleaning company make you meet at shop and clock in but only pay you time for actual in home cleaning time
How can we get help to find our nephew who has been missing for 20 years? Our nephew has been missing for 20 years.  How can we get help to find him?
Do I have a right to ask for a written reason why I'm being fired? HI
Can I purchase items on sale from a bigger retail store than sell them in my store? I am opening a retail store can I purchase items on sale from a bigger retail store than sell them in my store
I have a potential misdemeanor conviction. Will this affect my empoyment and license?
Mother's apartment trying to evict me after her death. I'm living in my mother's apartment
Monies from U.K. taxable in U.S.? My husband and I are retired.  He receives a State pension from the U.K.  Based on his work history I also receive a pension from the U.K.  Based on my work history he also receives an amount from Social  Security here.  I know that the monies we receive from the U.S. is taxable but I don't understand if the monies we receive from the U.K. is also taxable here.
If employees sign a waiver regarding overtime starting after 45 hours per week is this legal? If employees sign a waiver regarding overtime starting after 45 hours per week is this legal?
Does a LLC protect me personally if I have to terminate a rental lease prematurely? Does a LLC protect me personally if I have to terminate a rental lease prematurely?
Can I copy forum discussions into free ebook? Can I use the content from forum discussions to make an ebook if I distribute it for free?  Such as
What are my options if I have $6000 credit card judgement and the attorney would not accept even when I was offered $2500? I have a 6000 credit card judgment. Original debt was 2800 in 2008. I offered 2500. Attorney would not accept. Do I have any options in Delaware?
Is there a way I can retrieve a text message that I sent my friend that can prove my boyfriends innocence? I have a text message that I sent my friend that can prove my boyfriend's innocence. Is there a way I can retrieve it some how? We tried talking to his lawyer and they said it would be a hassle. If it can prove his innocence can't they get a court order? My friend also gives her consent into looking into her records also. The messages would be about a year old.
Document for Divorce judgement Hi
Help for my company in our termination and default of a lease of a copier? I need some help for my company in our termination and default of a lease of a copier?
How do I recovering money from a loan modification lawyer who did nothing? I hired an attorney to help me on a loan modification on 4 separate properties
Can my grandfather park his car without paying when he has a handicapped placard? In Missouri
Do I need permission from the owner to sell the images I take? I am a photographer and want to know if I were to go out and photograph old barn structures from a publicly traveled road
What percentage or fee does a lawyer get when a will is filed? What percentage or fee does a lawyer get when a will is filed?
Protect myself from returning a product that says no returns when my credit card company says I can? I used a credit card to order expensive facial care
How can my husband and I make changes to our revocable trust? How can my husband and I make changes to our revocable trust?  We want to: change successor trustee; change distribution of the trust estate; add care for our dogs; add TSAs and other investment moneys.  Do we have to have a lawyer?   Thank you!
If a president and a vice president of a small nonprofit group in PA signed a lease
Is there an expiration date on filing for citizenship? My wife is Filipino and received her permanent residence and green card on Aug 2009. She is now eligible for citizenship. We would like to if there is an expiration date on filing for citizenship?
As the Respondent
How can I apply for the residence? How can I apply for the residence?
I would like to start the process of getting legal status in the US? I would like to start the process of getting legal status in the US? My wife is a US citizen. I would like to know which forms are needed for that process? Also
What legal responsibility do I assume if I were to leave prior to a 3-month notice? My company is requiring me to sign a document that serves as acceptance of extending the mutual notice period of termination to 3 months. My year end bonus and salary increase is contingent on signature of the form. My  question is what legal responsibility do I assume if I were to leave prior to a 3-month notice?
legal for a landlord to charge a late fee for paying rent after the first of the month? Is it legal in California for a landlord to charge a late fee for paying rent after the first of the month?
Typical compromise if we want to be indemnified against 3rd party claims due to negligence of IP? We are a seed-stage company using a consultant to develop our site
What is the best way to set up the administration of the trust that my fiancee is creating? What is the best way to set up the administration of the trust that my fiancee is creating? We have had bad experiences w banks( Wells Fargo imposed never ending fees to release a trust he received)
What can I do if I was terminated and haven't received my severance pay? I was terminated by my employer and have not received my severance pay. What can I do?
Can my landlord legally serve me a 3-day pay or quit notice through e-mail?  Can my landlord legally serve me a 3-day pay or quit notice through e-mail? I have received an emailed version
how can I apply for ICE if I am a Turkish citizen and now married to American citizen? Hi
Can USCIS denied my applications if I sign my certificate photos wrong? Can USCIS denied my applications if I sign my certificate photos wrong?
What kind of documents do you need to file a I-130 form? What kind of documents do you need to file a I-130 form?
Do I need a Lawyer present during questioning by investigators pending criminal charges? Do I need a Lawyer present during questioning by investigators pending criminal charges?
How to get another trial if no changes in custody hearing? Hi
How to get my husband legal without returning to Mexico? How to get my husband legal without returning to Mexico?
As a new company
The designer told me the price on the phone was correct at the time
Why do businesses in NY Incorporate in Delaware and if they do
How to incorporate a company? How to incorporate a company?
What's the best place to form LLC based on industry? Los Potosino's is a start-up in the wholesale food industry that caters to the gluten free market. I will be using a certified gluten free contract packager to custom blend/package flours to our specifications for sale through retail channels. I will start in the San Francisco
If I were to quit would I be able to get unemployment until I get a job? I have been at my job for almost 4 years and recently had a baby. I'm having trouble with working my schedule due to having a hard time finding a sitter since I work 2nd shift and asked to change it but they wont and I know they have changed other peoples schedules around to suit their schedule. Other then quitting I don't know what else to do. If I would have to quit would I be able to get unemployment until I get a job.
Do I need to set up a company
Do I need to have a judge or a jury decide for me when it comes to assault and battery? Do I need to have a judge or a jury decide for me when it comes to assault and battery?
what kind of release waiver do I need if I'm a kid starting a dog walking business in my neighborhood? I'm a kid starting a dog walking business in my neighborhood. What kind of release waiver do I have to make to assure that me and my family doesn't get sued?
Do we legally have to pay for our neighbors' car based on hearsay? Some neighbors claim that my sons broke their car window and that they apparently have witnesses and want us to pay for the damages. Do we legally have to do it?
Can a landlord raise your rent three times in a year?  Can a landlord raise your rent three times in a year? and can they raise it two times in three months?
Is omitting characters in web address infringement? 1. Is dropping characters in a Web-address
If I am doing consulting in CA
What options does my friend have in getting access to the will? I have a friend (D) that was named as a beneficiary in his gay lover's (P) < a href=http://www.rocketlawyer.com/document/last-will-and-testament.rl>sample last will and testament
Should I be given 30 days to move if I have been living in my sister's place? My sister leased an apartment for me under her name because I was denied due to bad credit. After 2 months
Question regarding my business name that I have legally registered is being used by someone else? My business name that I have legally registered is being used by someone else! They say there official name is bla bla bla but they go by my same name!!! Can they do this? They are making a bad name for my studio and my business.
If I'd like to divorce
Question regarding evicting my renters? I am trying to evict my renters.  They have no lease agreement or documentation of any kind.  All they have is some mail coming in and they finally just recently sent in for a change of address to the post office.  All the utilities are under my name.  How do i get rid of them legally?
What do I do if the DEA are looking for me after taking my meds? I was stopped a month ago with some prescription meds on me by the DEA.  They pulled me in the car and just talked with me took the meds and left me on my way.  Then today they show up to my door looking for me. What do I do?
An international company is using my company name (that I have yet to trademark) for a product. If I apply for a trademark will I have any legal authority to get them to stop?
As a 22 year old  U. S. citizen
Can I still file my i-130 form with immigration if I do not have the fee? Can I still file my i-130 form with immigration if I  do not have the fee?
How many days notice must landlord give to move out of the house if I am on a month to month lease? How many days notice must my landlord give me to move out of the house if I am on a month to month lease?
What are my rights as a renter who has not served with a written 30-day notice to move out? What are my rights as a renter who has not served with a written 30-day notice to move out?
Question regarding a tenant in a foreclosed home and going to court on the unlawful detainer? I am a tenant in a foreclosed home. I am going to court on the unlawful detainer this week. I was only given a 3 day pay or quit. Should I have been given more time?
Is it legal to record music sung by a non-profit church choir on a CD to either given away as outreach gifts or for resale at cost to congregation members? Is it legal to record music sung by a non-profit church choir on a CD to either given away as outreach gifts or for resale at cost to congregation members?
Can I sue Microsoft for using my name in their company name without my permission? My name is Bruce Rosof. Can I sue Microsoft for using my name in their company name without my permission?
Can I get a patent on a idea that involves the shape of a state? Can I get a patent on a idea that involves the shape of a state?
Can a non profit organization own a for profit business? Can a non profit organization own a for profit business?
How do I proceed if I need to ask a court to order the president of the corporation to cooperate with me? I am the vice president of a NYS Non Profit organization. I need to ask a court to order the president of the corporation to cooperate with me. What is that called? And how do I proceed?
Can an Organization have the same name as a small business? Can an Organization have the same name as a small business?
Is it legal to get fired for no reason?  My wife and I are breaking up. Also
Do I have any legal recourse to get my ex to pay for $400 in charges he made on our joint retail credit card? My ex-husband and I held a joint retail credit card at Best Buy. We never disclosed it in our divorce paperwork
I would like to start my own business from home selling crafts and jewelry.  But I don't know what legal business form for license and permit I would need.  How should I proceed?
Anything I could do if my kid's father isn't paying child support? I would like to know if you're not married and trying to move. The kids father has a lawyer and he's not paying child support and not working. He keeps getting extension when we have court day. He already did it twice. Is there anything I could do? I don't have a lawyer.
If I were to divorce my husband can I get alimony for his infidelity? I have been married for almost 30 years. I recently found out my husband was unfaithful about 7 years after we were married and then again 8 years after that. If I were to divorce him can I get alimony
Who does the artwork belong to when my late father inscribed in his hand as belonging to me
Our contract has some references to the location of where our contract was agreed to - do we put Delaware or Los Angeles? We are a Delaware LLC but operate in Los Angeles.Our contract has some references to the location of where our contract was agreed to - do we put Delaware or Los Angeles?Example: Regardless of the place of signing this Contract
How do I go about getting a business started? How do I go about getting a business started?
The transfer of business between spouses My wife has a very small cleaning business and has the opportunity to take on an additional business.  She is currently receiving social security benefits at age 64 which means if she goes over the income limitation
Do I need the letter of approval if the court papers only say the courts need a thirty day notice before leaving with the address and phone number?  We want to move to Colorado and we live in South Dakota. The man that adopted my son lives in Wyoming and he says he will write a letter saying its ok. Do I need that if the court papers only say the courts need a thirty day notice before leaving with the address and phone number? Can we just go without being in temp of court?
How would I be able to protect my idea before going to companies with the idea? I have a restaurant concept/ idea that I would like to be able to sell. How if any way would I be able to protect it before going to companies with the idea?
Do I need to trademark
Do I still have to finish the promisory note if the individual died? I have a promisory note to an individule and he died  do i still have to finish paying?
Is the suspension of the license indefinite until the tickets are paid off? So I have a friend who got their driver's license suspended because of outstanding parking/traffic tickets. She can't pay off the tickets because she needs to commute to work
How will I begin my process if I I want to take someone to small claims court? I want to take someone to small claims court. How will I begin my process?
Will I owe my ex money back for the roof and deck he helped built? My boyfriend lived with me in my house for the past 9 years. During that time
Can the front of a bulding with a marquee on it be copyright protected? None
Can I return the vehicle without getting in trouble if they lied? I bought a new vehicle on Feb. 22 2012. I have yet to receive paperwork for my payments. I have called the finance company and asked them for my paperwork they told me I am not financed through them that they need more information of my income. I provide the proper papers at the dealership. I was also lied to about my interest rate. I was wondering since I am getting the run around about being financed already can I return the vehicle without getting in trouble?
I would like to register a name; it will not be for a company
Is it legal for us to answer questions like this about a current employee? We have an employee that is seeking employment elsewhere
Question about private angel investors? I'm raising $1.2M from private angel investors (new tech start up in wine space). How much of the company should I be giving to them? 20 to 30%?
What can we do to an agreement that landlord has voided? My husband and I live in a mobile home park in San Bernardino county
Can the breeder enforce the contract since she profits from the recommended dog food?   I purchased a dog from a breeder in New Mexico and signed a contract advising that I must feed her their recommended dog food or the contract is void.  After a few months
What spousal support would be reasonable to pay me
Can I use Microsoft clip art for the cover of my self-published book if I have the licensing with them? Can I use Microsoft clip art for the cover of my self-published book if I have the licensing agreement with Microsoft?
Question regarding my husband
Can my daughter file for her mother who is already living in US? My daughter is 21 who is going to file for her Mother who is already living in USA. How long does it take and can she file?
Can mother-in-law return purchased car with no receipt
Can my contract be reviewed if I'm drafting a contract for my company
Is an oral contract legal? Is an oral contract legal
Can a tenant lease be for less than a year? Can a tenant lease be for less than a year (say 10 months)?
How long does it take to apply for a green card for my family when my US parents did it in 2003? Hi
Can I take action against my employer? I was discharged from my previous job for writing a letter of recommendation for a subcontractor. I was told that no employees were allowed to write anything on company letter head without approval. The employee handbook does not state this. They are claiming that since I didn't receive approval
In Colorado if no real estate is owned by the deceased is probate necessary? In Colorado if no real estate is owned by the deceased is probate necessary? When is probate required?
What to do if my friend is living in a dilapidated house and her religious aunt is using her welfare money? My friend is 16 and she lives with her grandma and aunt. She has no electricity as her grandma and aunt are very religious. They ask her if she wants to go to heaven or hell and tell her that she can't see her boyfriend because she will go to hell and they also tell her that they own her tell she turns 18. She has graduated high school and she get her father's welfare checks and they use it. Is there anything we can do to help her get out of the house that is falling apart around them? They don't want to do anything about it they say god told them to pack their bags and they have had their house packed up for 2 years. There is no hot water or no way to keep food from going bad. It is unsafe for her to live there and we tell her that but she wont do anything.
Are there any laws available that I can give my landlord that may help me get electricity onto my property again?   (commercial property)Current Situation: My landlord came onto my leased land without my permission
Is it possible to pursue legal action in the US when you're in New Zealand? Hello
Selling art work If I create a drawing of a celebrity or a movie scene and sell it
Can I sue my employer to pay me the missed breaks I have missed? I've worked for a very large company for over 6 years. Throughout this time I have taken breaks maybe 10 days out of the 6 years. My employer does not implement the break policy
Legal to refer to public media outlets as part of the narrative of a fictional novel? Is it 'legal' to refer to public media outlets (Network TV
Question about salary cuts? My employer plans on replacing my position with another candidate and offer me another position within the company along with a huge salary cut. Do they have to offer me a certain percentage of my old salary that they are doing away with? I will not be able to support myself with the new salary.
Question regarding demotion that ended abruptly and without cause or explanation? I was a full time employee at an IMD psych facility. Abruptly and without cause or explanation
If a trust on property was set up
Is it my right to ask for a copy of my employment file? Is it my right to ask for a copy of my employment file?
How long can a parent be gone before it is considered abandonment? In the state of Florida
What can I do if my ex does not let me take my daughter out of the house? My ex girlfriend does not let me take my 5 month old daughter out of the house. I don't even know if my name is on the birth certificate . What can I do in this case?
Legal if my corporate employer closed my store without giving any notice to the staff? I live in San Francisco California
How to protect idea when presenting needs for services? I want to start an interactive website & will need software programmers
Can I create a patent of my software in terms of engineering? Can I create a patent of my software in terms of engineering?
Does an officer have to ask permission to search a vehicle? Does an officer in Clay County
What should I do to avoid cancellation of my F1 status? I'm going to a college as an international student with F1 visa. I participated in a medical research as a subject and received $1200 compensation. Recently
I did work for 2 years but if I exclude it in my application
Can my landlord show the apartment to a renter while I am still under my lease? Can my landlord show the apartment to a interested renter while I am still under my lease in Westfield
parties for a one time fee
What can we do if my brother was injured on construction job site and lost everything? Brother injured on construction job site
Filing for a divorce Does a divorce have to be filed in the same state legally married in and legally separated in?
Legal  to serve one type of beer to one person and deny everyone else it? Is it legal for a bar to serve one type of beer to only one person and deny everyone else it?
Do I need permission to show pictures of films in magazine? I was thinking about starting a magazine which reviews different animated films. In order to show pictures from these different films do I need to get permission from the copyright owner?
What laws require for my son to travel to Russia without been drafted to a Russian military? My son has double citizenship (American-Russian). He lives in the USA but visits his grandparents in Russia every summer. This year he will be 18th years old and I am afraid to send him to Russia this year because of military draft. What laws require for him to travel to Russia without been drafted to a Russian military?
Question regarding magazine business by the daughter of the deceased owner? My partner was given a magazine business by the daughter of the deceased owner.  She registered an LLC in the state of PA.  She brought on a woman to be the managing editor.  The ME ran the magazine and then decided to get her own LLC
Can my son's ex relocate to another state with the children when they have shared joint custody? My son has joint shared custody of his children in CT.  His ex wife has met a man and wants to relocate to California with the children.  Can she do this?
What do I need to take to get the co-owner to sign over her rights of the company name so that I can operate my business without having to owe her anything? I have a Clothing line that I started a few years back. My company name is owned by myself and another lady. I need to find out the steps I need to take to get her to sign over her rights of the company name so that I can operate my business without having to owe her anything?
Is it legal to patent and produce a product that can be added to another companies product to enhance it? Is it legal to patent and produce a product that can be added to another companies product to enhance it?
How to remove officer from new corp if no shareholder agreement signed? How do I remove an officer from a new corporation if that person did not sign the shareholder's agreement?
We want to register or trademark a project to help and work with Wounded Warriors and Veterans.  Please advise.
How can I legally get my brother to return the items since he was POA? My brother was POA over our mother. She was put in the hospital and he went in and took everything she owned then had her put in a home. The day she went to the home he resigned and that left me being POA he will not return any of her belongings. How can I legally get him to return them?
Should I use a will or a trust as an estate plan? I'm married with children and own a home in California (primary residence). What kind of estate plan should I put together (ie. sample last will and testament vs trust)?
As a 3 month new startup incorporated in NY we like to employ (for part time only) a highly qualifie... As a 3 month new startup incorporated in NY we like to employ (for part time only) a highly qualified web developer currently working for a fortune100 company. Is H1 supplementary a viable and realistic option? What other options or ideas are available? How long and what are the costs for each option? How long might each take before one can start working? With regards to compensation what are the options with respect to cash and equity? Another idea is for the H1 B worker to work for an Indian firm that in turn does business with us (while continuing to work for fortune100 firm on H1B
Legal if creditor has placed a hold on my entire bank account and the hold will be placed there for 45 days? A creditor has placed a hold on my entire bank account and are now saying the hold will be placed there for 45 days. Is this legal? How am I supposed to live without funds nor any access to my bank account? I don't have anything or money.
How much will I have from my former husband if my prenuptial agreement has been voided by the court? I divorced and my prenup agreement is void by the court now. How much I will have from my husband: 50/50% of his business and the house
Could my friend petition the court to have his felony reduced to a misdemeanor? I have a friend that has a felony habitual driving on suspended
I got divorced last year and I am the custodial parent to my 2 children. My ex-husband is trying to tell me that I cannot claim the kids that he is. What are stipulations on this?
Can jurisdiction for appealing child custody change if both parents leave original state? If a child custody final judgement has been made and one parent wants to appeal
We operate a snow removal company in Pennsylvania.  We had a plow and salt spreader to be installed ... We operate a snow removal company in Pennsylvania.  We had a plow and salt spreader to be installed and called around to compare pricing.  The company we decided on quoted us X dollars.  After 17 days and countless delays that they encountered
What can I do when I have a lease and my landlord has filed for bankruptcy? We currently lease a home from an individual who had filed for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy.  This bankruptcy was discharged in October 2012 and the lender on the property that we lease is in the process of continuing their foreclosure action.  I am curious what we are in for with 1.25 years left on our lease and rent still being paid monthly.  We have also made several improvments to the property if this matters at all.  Thank you in advance.
What is the quickest/least expensive way to get the deeds of properties in the name of the trust? My mom passed away and the deeds of her 2 properties were not in the name of her living trust. Her primary residence was in the trust when she created it but took it out when she refinanced and didn't put it back in. The loan for that property is under her name. Her rental property was bought after the creation of the trust and was never put in to the trust. But
Can I take a way a 10% LLC owner's interest? I have a llc. and have a partner who has a 10% stake. While I have worked hard to improve the business
Does one person have total ownership of a home with a c-simple title after one dies? does one person have total ownership of a home with a c-simple title after one dies? Both were on the title when purchased.
What is the best way to locate an attorney in my area who practices employment law that will possibl... What is the best way to locate an attorney in my area who practices employment law that will possibly work on a contingency basis? Contacting different law firms and explaining my potential case repeatedly is very time consuming.
If there is a payment plan set up for the Judgement ...is there a limited amount of payments the cre... If there is a payment plan set up for the Judgement ...is there a limited amount of payments the creditors can ask for; if so; what is it? Is there a timeline the creditor can request payments to start after the Judgement is filed
Is there a form for me to respond to my ex husband's court order request to lower his child support? Is there a form for me to respond to my ex husband's court order request to lower his child support?
I have requested of the Trustee
if i can not afford my car payments any more due to layoffs can my finance company garnish my checks? if i can not afford my car payments any more due to layoffs can my finance company sue me or garnish my checks
What to do if I have a creditor judgement filed against me & I am not employed with very little income? I have a creditor judgement filed against me and I am not employed with very little income. What should I do?
What's the difference in chapter 7 bankruptcy and ch 13? What's the difference in chapter 7 bankruptcy and ch 13?
What to do if I would like to rent my condo out but my mortgage company says it's not in their policy? I would like to rent my condo out
Question regarding a child's suicide and the school's responsibility against suicide? if a child is bullied and commits suicide and the school knows about the bullying but fails to stop it
Do we have a right to sue the roofer for further damage done to the house? We had someone work on out roof. We had them sign a piece of paper saying that they were to fix the problems while getting paid cash. The roof has has various leaks and contact with him has been difficult.  Do we have a right to sue him for further damage done to the house ?
What is the best way to setup the corp to maximize tax advantages as a i Have worked as a database administrator on w2 for last 2 years. Recently i got a new contract which requires a corp to corp. My question is what is the best way to setup the corp to maximize tax advantages as an independent contractor ?
File a motion in Macomb County to stop child support? I need to file a motion in Macomb County to stop child support. I have been paying for over 20 years and was told the only way to stop it is with a motion.
If my wife and I have been separated for 9 years
My tenant had to leave property due to house fire. She has things in the garage and a car in the driveway. I returned her deposit to her. Her phone is no longer valid. Can I write to her at her mother's house and give 2 weeks to remove property or have car towed away and goods in garage tossed?
When Can an Employee Develop A Business On His Own Time? I am the Lead Designer of a team of 6 in an in-house dept. for a wine & spirits importing / marketing co. My team & I would like to develop our own trademarks
Can a Canadian Incorporate a company in Delaware? Can a Canadian incorporate a company in Delaware?
My old lawyer wants to settle out of court on a legal malpractice case he lost for $500
Can police question minor without parental consent? Is it legal for a cop to ask questions to a four year old without parents permission?They came for a 12 year old and then they questioned a 4 year old.
Can I get house arrest out of a first offense felony charge? I currently got arrested. I have a felony charge and it's my first offense. Can I get house arrest out of it?
How to stipulate conditions of transferring website and rights? Dear Sir or Madam
Can I use the word Apple with TM symbol with my business logo? can I use the word Apple with TM symbol in the with my business logo such as Apple computer support Apple solution provider etc?
Ownership of submissions by site users? Our company publishes content submitted by our users on our social networking website to attract like-minded users.  Because it has been voluntarily submitted to our site
How to handle business partner's harassment? I am in a business partnership agreement.My partner has been verbally harrassing me with very demeaning and degrading emails threatening me to take action and do businees right.I found no fault in anything I  have done to deserve this treatment and need some advice on how to handle this matter.
How can i get my ex-wife to stop harassing me? How can i get my ex-wife to stop harassing me?
LLC with no operating agreement? What to do? I have a company that has operated for the past 8 months
Isn't the Executor of an estate required to supply the other siblings a copy of the will when that parent dies? Isn't the Executor of an estate (who is 1 of 3 children) required by law to supply the other siblings a copy of the sample last will and testament when that parent dies
Can I obtain agreement to buy product in future? My company is in the process of closing a large order from a major corporate customer.  However
What rules govern selling art from overseas online in US? I wanted to try was to sell Indian art/posters (bought in India) here in US (e.g. create a simple store on Amazon.com). I am not sure what laws and rules govern this scenario of import/export here. Is there any tax liability? Do I need to declare something to the government? I was hoping you could point us in the right direction. Note that this selling would be under my business (an incorporated firm) and not under my direct name.
If I am an artist and I want to paint and sell a picture of an old barn in the field along the side of the highway
Question regarding a private health care walk-in facility charging me exorbitant prices? A private health care walk-in facility charged me exorbitant prices. I disputed and they sent me a partial refund (their own term) of $260. I then filed a BBB complaint asking for an additional refund. In retaliation they now are billing me for the $260 saying they are reversing the adjustment. Is this legal? What can I do? I don't want my credit to be wrecked
Nevada LLC conducting business in California. Hi
What forms should I submit for a permanent residency petition? My wife is from Malaysia. We were married 2 years ago in Minnesota. She has been going back and force twice a year. She is ready to move here.  Immigration forms I-864
Legal issues when starting internet business while on H1B visa? I want to start an internet business
Would you recommend withdrawing the petition (form I-130)? Will this have any negative consequences in terms of acquiring a student/tourist visa in the future?  I am a recent international college graduate currently on an OPT (Optional Practical Training). My sibling
Can I sue hospital for not attempting to properly diagnose husband? Can I sue the hospital for not properly diagnosing and making no attempt to diagnose the real issue?My husband was at the ER for left front side pain and the doctor diagnosed him with kidney stones which cause back pain and sent him home. The doctor knows that was not what was causing the problem but made no attempt to find out what was. Now we have $4000 in hospital bills and that is with a discount for uninsured. We only have an income of $9000 a year with 3 people in the home. I wanted to know if i could sue since they haven't even fixed him (and they knew that) and now they want a fortune?
How to sue car dealership for unfair sales? How can I sue a car dealership for unfair sales?
Does Massachusetts recognize common law marriage? My partner and I have never married after 24 years. I was just told that my ex-husband will receive my benefits. This man paid one check of $40.00 in child support in over 30 years. Is this a fact? Does Massachusetts  recognize common law marriage?
Being sued for private student loans. I am currently being sued for my private student loans through SLM Education credit corp. My federal student loans are in forbearance due to my limited income but my private loans have filed suit against me. What do I do with the summons? HELP
How long can judge keep case under advisement? How long can a judge keep a case under advisement
Do mobile applications and distributing online stores need separate end-user license agreements? My company develops mobile phone applications that are distributed through the mobile phone manufacturer's online store.  Although there is a license to which users have to agree when purchasing through the online store
When should employees sign proprietary information and inventions assignment agreement?  My early stage startup is currently in the planning stage. At what point should I have my startup's employees sign a proprietary information and inventions assignment agreement?
I need someone to review and advice for Client & vendor contracts. Help? I want to get the complete agreement reviewed but for now I need help with the following  - Vendor agrees that during the term of the MSA and for a period of twelve months thereafter
How to get daughter back after losing custody? I lost my daughter to a custody hearing recently that was really unfair. I want to know how can I fight her back without waiting the year?
My father died and left no will but is legally separated from his wife. My father died recently. He lived in NC with no sample last will and testament
Can prosecution show evidence against you before plea? If the prosecution says they have evidence against you
Founder stock taxation. let say i'm incorporating my start up with 250M shares with a par value of .01 and i gave myself 35% of the company owning 87.5M shares.does that mean i have to pay some sort of tax for my 87.5M shares. i was told that i actually need to contribute in cash in order to get my shares at the par value price if not i will still need to pay it when i do my taxes; is this true or can i just get shares as services rendered.
Is it conflict of interest to receive game tax revenue from Indian reservations without regulated competition? I've been conducting detailed research on opening up a poker room (brick & mortar) in the state of CT. Indian Gaming statutes currently in place do not allow for any other gaming in the state. A preliminary attorney review thought it's a violation of the 14th Amendment. PA
Sell online services internationally and not worry about tax issues in international markets? Can I sell online services internationally
Can HOA suspend parking privileges until delinquent homeowner pays off? Can HOA suspend parking privileges until delinquent homeowner pays off?
How to legally use content from other websites? My company would like to use content from Yelp and Facebook for commercial purposes.  What steps should I take to use that content legally?
Can I publicly display end-product before filing patent for it? We have a developed a Machine that automates the manufacture of a product. Essentially
Can collection agency access my medical records? Can a collection agency have access to your medical records? I have a medical bill that I asked to verify and the collection agency sent detailed medical records from the doctor to me in the mail.  Is this legal under HIPPA law?
Filing trademark to protect company brand? I run a website
How much will it cost to get a uncontested divorce including one child? How much will it cost to get a uncontested divorce including one child?
Are unpaid internships legal? Are unpaid internships legal?  If so
If one of the share holders is being sued could the corporation be liable or could money be garnished? Not sure of the legal terminology but here's my question: in a Corporation with at least two share holders; if one of the share holders is being sued could the corporation be liable or could money be garnished from the corporation?
How to start home-based daycare in Atlanta? I would like to start a home-based daycare business in Atlanta which is just me. Do I need to get some sort of license? Do I need to make sure my home meets some standard requirements that a regular daycare would?
Is it a crime to threaten to reveal my personal business
Question regarding being hacked and I have not been able to get on to my Facebook account? I was hacked and I have not been able to get on to my Facebook account.  Facebook has not helped me.  I have been  a loyal Facebook contributor for over 5 years
What is typical of stock purchase agreement and escrow? From a stock purchase contract for a startup I'm helping. Some issues on ownership.- Restricted common stock paid by purchaser via check or other accepted means. Founder told me no check
How can I file a civil lawsuit against an attorney who won't refund me the balance of my retainer
Since my wife is engaged after only being separated for two months can I get a divorce? Since my wife is engaged to another man after storming out of our home on May 28th this year and only being legally separated for two and a half months can I get a divorce before the year statute in North Carolina?
Copyright infringement for 3 photos created by 3rd party no longer in business. I received a letter regarding copyright infringement for 3 photos that were on my website
Can I subject employees to non-competition clause after leaving company? I am in a highly competitive industry
Ex-husband took children
Is there a limit between how many shareholders can be part of an S Corp versus the standard C Corp? My company is setup as an S Corp
How to pay contractor if full-time student and not business entity? I am single owner/operator of CA LLC. Primary business is financial research/ consulting. I am planning on hiring a contractor to build a website for the business. This will be a 1 time engagement paid on a project basis (NOT hourly). Contractor is a full time college student. Contractor does not have any business entity. Are there any particular requirements for paying contractor under these circumstances?
Can people on TV sing other artists' songs without infringing? My partner and I are launching a project to produce tv show for a local cable access station
What are implications of forgetting copied original submittal with hand lettering for patent substitute application? I have an issue where I thought it was ok to submit slight corrections to specification (Not Claims) prior to submittal.  I received a notice to file corrected application papers due to incorrect line spacing and hand lettering.  (I added several comas and changed the words solar collector to solar heating system in one or more places in the background section).  I understand that I have to submit marked and clean copies and am unsure how to mark and submit.  I am unsure what the ramifications of are providing a marked up copy that does not exactly match the originally submitted marked up copy are.  How do I mark and resubmit? Retitle to substitute marked application...?  What are the ramifications of not matching orig. marked app?
What are the repercussions of switching from a C-Corp to an S -Corp? I am looking to weigh the advantage of a substantial personal tax deduction
Work pays in cash but not enough to cover hours. i worked in a restaurant for around two months. They took all my tax info but were paying me in cash but not nearly enough to cover my hours. I have no paystubs and they keep the hours book though i have a log of payments and average of hours. I'm out over 2 grand. Any chance of getting restitution?
Do Privacy Policy and TOS need to be translated? We have an English-language website GoodRx (www.goodrx.com). We are going to provide a spanish-language translation of the website.Do we need to also translate the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy? That said - I am sure it is better to translate the TOS and Privacy Policy
Thoughts? None
Can I copy terms and conditions with minor changes from other websites to use for mine? Can I copy terms and conditions from similar websites and paste them into my own website and tweak a couple of words like name of company without needing them to be signed off or approved by someone official?
Reseller/retail permit for company with primary address in NY
Is cash register repair company liable for lost revenue by programming incorrect prices? I own a cash register repair company (it's incorporated in Florida). If one of my employees programs an incorrect price in a customers cash register (the price is lower than what it should be)
Can you be fired if customer gives counterfeit money? Can you be fired for being given counterfeit money by a customer?
How to incorporate CA startup with 2 founding members? Hello
If they are not bound by  the lease do I have to return their deposit? I am a Pennsylvania landlord. I have a lease with four tenants. Three have signed the lease and paid a security deposit. The fourth backed out and paid nothing. The lease contains this clause Tenants are jointly
Do Privacy Policy and TOS need to be translated? We have an English-language website. We are going to provide a Spanish-language translation of the website. Do we need to also translate the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy? That said - I am sure it is better to translate the TOS and Privacy Policy
Must online terms of service contain a sentence stating that the terms? Is the quotation below usually a recommended inclusion to a general Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy?Acceptance of the following conditions is mandatory. If you disagree with the following conditions you are not entitled to use the Companies services.
Startup verbally promised compensation but never paid me. I spent 3 months working for a Silicon Valley startup for no pay. The founder told me I'd be compensated in equity for the time that I worked without salary
Are website providers liable for third party content? Members on my social media website often quote content from music
Florida Civil Procedure - litigation - Motion to Dismiss lawsuit? How would you include an affidavit document in a Motion to Dismiss?  Simply as an exhibit or is it better suited in the Memorandum of Law?
Is it legal for boyfriend to take baby from mother after birth? I'm four months pregnant at the moment and my boyfriend says he wants nothing to do with the baby once its born. He says if I keep it he is going to take it from me later on. Can he do this?
Do I as his business partner have any rights?  My small business is owned with 50/50 by my business partner and I. My partner over the last four years has been developing a data base that our company uses. Recently
Separation from Family Business ran under my name I formed a NJ Corp in 1999 to support family. Iam 100% SH/Pres but father always had a final say in business matters and I was left with responsibilities.  Finances were in constant distress due to mismanagement of funds. Being that I was the backbone of business and family depended on it I hung in there as long as I could. About 1yr ago parents started ugly divorce procedures and he claims he just helps son. I moved to CA started a new co and had him start his own - my biz and pers credit has taken beating cause I am pers guarantor of all old APs. I needto sep entirely and prop.serv all accts/state/utilities. I need a attny 2set fomal line of separation and liquidation.. What type of Attny speclizs in this situatoin? Any advice is apprecia
How to circumvent US copyright law by publishing in another country? I am seeking a country to publish books out of that does not recognize US copyright law. People are desperate to get certain books
How to get around no shop provision in investor term sheet? An investor wants to include a no shop provision as a condition of signing the term sheet.  We realize that it could prevent us from looking at other investors for a period of time.  Is there a way to work around this?
What are the consequences if my wife just closes her door and walks away from her 100k debt?  My wife's incorporated small business of 28 years is dead broke and about 100k in debt.  What are the consequences if she just closes her door and walks away?  Can the companies she owes money to sue her personally?  Any response greatly appreciated.
What are the insider trading laws for investing in non publicly traded companies? I'm wondering what the general regulations/laws are for VC or private single investors to invest in non-publicly traded companies such as startups? In particular
Do I need to incorporate to create equity agreement for new startup? I'd like to create an equity agreement among the 4 people that have been helping me get my startup off the ground.  The breakdown will be: 35% Founder 1
I am filing out a proof of claim for a bankruptcy court.  I sold a business contract for deed.  They are filing Chap 11. In the form it asks for basis of perfection.  I'm not sure what they are asking for
Does my company name infringe on trademark with similar co. name? How broad is trademark protection for logos?  I have a new company that makes mobile educational games that teach kids to read (and will have a website with reading education info).   I am considering naming it Acme or Acme Labs.  Another company has a logo registered design mark (3 - DESIGN PLUS WORDS
Non-solicit agreements. I signed an agreement upon joining a startup which includes the following clause: Non-Solicitation of Employees/Consultants. During my employment with the Company and for a period of one (1) year thereafter
If I've been involved in car accident driving company car can I be sued? If I've been involved in car accident driving company car can I be sued?
Is it legal to copy terms of use from another site to use on my own? As I understand
Is it legal to use internet pictures for business? I have just opened a new custom tshirt business and am getting some pictures from google will this get me in trouble with the copyright laws.  If it can how do i fix this and how much will it cost me
Accelerating unvested stock for potential executive hire We are hiring a highly sought after new VP of Software Engineering from our competitor. As a condition of joining us
I have signed a 5 month lease for a house in Maine.  Upon moving in I found many issues with the structure including a leaking roof.  The landlord (personally) did sub-standard repairs to try and fix.  Is there any grounds I can take to break the lease based on standards of accepted practice?
CA real estate license to deal with cell towers. Do I need a California real estate license to originate cell site leases and broker assignments of cell site leases?
Discrepancy in re-rental fee. My lease states tenants are required to give a 60 day notice at end of lease term. If not they will be deemed a month to month tenant and subject to additional  re-rental fee of $299 if notice not given. I received a bill for full month rent for. Shouldn't it have been $299?
If a person is receiving SSI
Is requesting photo with resume for independent contractor job legal? is it illegal in any of the 50 states or under federal law to request that a recent picture accompany a resume for an independent contractor position with a private CA- incorporated company?
Am I legally allowed to own a service dog in my apartment even after my landlord said no dogs?   I have a letter from my doctor stating his request for me to adopt a service dog for psychiatric purposes. When i showed my landlord the letter she said no because she doesn't allow dogs. When i looked further into the lease agreement I saw that under California civil code 54.2 I am allowed to own a service dog without discrimination. Technically under California civil code 54.2 a service dog is not considered a pet. I tried to explain that to my landlord but she said
Can I garnish person's account if I have bank name and judgement against him? I have a judgement against an individial in FL.If I have the name of his bank
Making money by providing support on open source software legal? Is it legal to make money by providing support to other users for open source software that is generally free to the public?
Is it legal to copyright use of software program? Can I copyright a written document that provides a detailed scope of how my software program functions?
Can I patent company software algorithms? I am thinking about seeking some sort of intellectual property protection for certain algorithms for our company's software.  Can I get some sort of patent on some of these algorithms?
What IP issues with launching website mimicking popular social networking site? I am planning to launch a website whose interface mimics the interface of a very popular consumer social networking site.  What intellectual property litigation risks do I face by providing this kind of site?
Is it normal to pay out of dividends for investor term sheet? Our early stage company is in talks with an investor who wants dividends to be paid out periodically as a condition of his investment.  Is this a normal condition in a term sheet?
How do I trademark a name for a digital product? How do I trademark a name for a digital product?
Structuring an unpaid internship I am part of a 2-man startup that is looking to bring on an intern.  We don't have the capacity to pay him now
Does deceased remainder's life estate deed share go to non-remainder spouse? With a Life Estate Deed
Is it legal in Maine for ex-fiancee to keep engagement ring? I was engaged and we broke up. She refuses to give the ring back and I spent a lot of money on it. Is it Maine state law as she claims that she does not have to give it back?
Two people buy house in one person's name and the other trying to claim ownership. If 2 people bought a home together and it's in one person's name but it was supposed to be for both people
If I went through the paternity process do I have visitation rights as the father? If I went through the paternity process do I automatically have visitation rights as the father?
I would like to use Katy Perry's song Firework as part of a personal weight loss testimony.  Can I do this without her permission?
Do short positions in stock need to be covered before stock cancelled? Do securities laws require that short positions in stocks be covered before the stock is cancelled?
Can a recording of me talking to my attorney be used against me as evidence? Can a recording of me talking to my attorney be used against me as evidence?
Foreign company Incorporating in US I own an italian company
How long do I have to wait until I take my ex back to court to get full custody of the children? I recently went to court about a month ago for child custody and I have joint custody with residency. The mother has seen only one of the two kids for a total of 8 hours. So how long do I have to wait until I take her back to court to get full custody? How long does it take to make the court realize that the mother does not want them? In court she said that she did not want them and the judge still only ordered joint custody. She still receives food stamps for her and the kids even though their with me.
Need Help Forming a Corporation We are looking for help to create bylaws and other documents for a c-corp to apply for a business certification. Please reach out if you provide these services for start-up companies.
How can I ensure that a non-profit cartoon fandom convention/conference that I am hosting is within the confines of the law in terms of copyright infringement?
Can I cash my 25% of my dad's stocks when my brother is the executor? My brother (executor) wants to hold onto Dad's stocks.  I want to cash in my 25%. Can I do that?
Can my parent exclude me from her will and name nieces instead? Can my parent exclude me from his or her will and last testament and name another family member instead?
What to do if a client threatened to sue me at court if she does not receive a refund? I'm a dance teacher. My student bought a prepaid lessons package of 30 lessons. She used 15 lessons
Copyright ownership of logos created by employee I worked at a company and created  logos on my own time with no signed contract. Can I copyright them after they used them? I am no longer employed with them after a workman's comp. claim.
Do I have the legal right to terminate the contract in 10 days? Hello and thanks for any direction you can provide. I own a company and entered into an agreement to provide ongoing services to company A. Over the years
What are my options if my dentist overcharged me $500 without me knowing? My dentist overcharged me $500 without me knowing.  What are my options?
Law that states you can put up a fence & no trespassing signs for 7 years & land becomes yours? is there a law that states you can put up a fence and no trespassing signs for 7 years and the land becomes yours?
Question regarding joint custody and concerns of the other parent's job in a high crime area? I have joint custody of my child (70%).  The other custodial parent has taken a weekend job. This job is in a high crime area and the child is with that parent at that job.  The job involves selling things at a flea market where numerous people come through.  I feel  very uncomfortable about the child being in this environment.  Is there anything I can do?
Will Section 409A affect ability to hire employees when paying with stock options? I am in the process of assembling a team for my startup.  Of course
Do I have to be divorced from my husband to file for custody of my children? Do I have to be divorced from my husband to file for custody of my children?
As a student on F-1 visa
Do I have any rights as an independent contractor when my employer refuses to pay me overtime? I was an independent contractor working as a caregiver for the past several years. Due to certain circumstances I quit. However
How to collect on money writ? How do I collect on a money writ?  What agency will attach wages in order to collect on this?
What are my rights in regards to a security deposit not being returned? I gave a deposit for a room in cash Friday. We were negotiating the terms of the lease. I declined Sunday and requested my deposit back.  She refuses to return my money until she rents the room. There was no signed lease.   I have a hand written receipt for deposit.What are my rights? Dj Lawson
Implications of having those employees be full-time with my startup vs. independent contractors? I have a startup but have not yet filed for incorporation/LLC. What's holding me up is the following: right now I am engaged with a third-party company that is building out the technology platform for me. However
Can minor in grandparents' custody leave state without parental consent? Can a 16 year old living in the state of North Carolina leave home without parents consent
If I was to refuse to sign the job description how does this effect my eligibility for unemployment? I work in New York state. I work for a non profit organization that serves developmentally disabled individuals in a management position. Recently a co-worker resigned who was also working in the same capacity as me. When she resigned the agency shifted all of her duties and responsibilities to me along with what I had already been responsible for. The agency told me they were going to create a new position and have me sign a new job description. There was no raise in pay or benefit provided for me to accept this
Can you copyright a shape? Can you copyright a shape?
Can I produce a slogan on bumper sticker and market it without permission from Chick-Fil-A legally? I have developed a slogan which simply says  I support Chick-Fil-A. Can I produce this on a bumper sticker and market it without permission from Chick-Fil-A corporation legally?
How does one patent a medical research invention?  How does one patent a medical research invention? Is it a similar process to other kinds of patents?
Do we still have to go through probate with our late mother's assets? My mom (IL) resident passed away last month.  Although she had POAs making me the attorney in fact for all her affairs
I have a stepgrandchild living in GA.  Child just recently turned 16 on 12/18/11 and does not want to live with custodial parent.  Only lived in GA since mid-November.  In CT
Is there any way I can protect a proposed book title before it's published?
Were common law marriages ever legal in Florida? Were common law marriages ever legal in Florida?
I have created a web page to explore the issues. I want to post copies of articles by web based pundits (from  RSN
Fora divorce
Can a company impose its valuation on a minority shareholder? I own a little more than 5% of the stock in a small company
i have recently moved out of state and my ex-husband and I have no legal custody agreement regarding our kids. My youngest is 10 and he is left in his sister's care a lot and he wants to come stay with me.  i have a day job and family to help and he will never be alone.  am I within legal rights?
A customer claims your employee has stolen from them. What do you do? I am a small business owner of a cleaning service. One of my clients is accusing one of my helpers of stealing $1400.00 a week after we cleaned. My helper claim she did not do it and I know I did not do it.The client want the money or she will call the police. How should I proceed?
Legal to not get paid for traveling to a job site when it takes an hour to get there? I am currently employed and arrive at the home base garage to use the company truck to go to and from my job each day. However
Is it against the law to marry a member of your family for citizenship?  Is it against the law to marry a member of your family for citizenship? If so
Why do I need attorney to take drunk driver to small claims? A drunk driver hit my car and was ordered to pay me $500 for my deductible. Courthouse said he hasn't paid
How to indicate in pro-se divorce papers that neither spouse currently has custody? I'm working through the paperwork for a pro-se divorce. My spouse and I do have minor children
What are my rights if my truck is impounded? I am a gulf war veteran with post traumatic stress disorder.  My truck was impounded
What do you do when the lawyer takes your money than doesn't do what he agreed to do? What do you do when the lawyer takes your money than doesn't do what he agreed to do?
Should I report my profit in foreign country from goods from US in US? I am a F1 visa holder (nonresident alien). I want to engage in a business that buying some goods from the department stores or supermarkets in the US and selling them to China. So all the profits are generated in China. Should I report these incomes to the US?
Question regarding submitting a fiance petition back in June? I submitted a fiance petition back in June. It was received and the status says it is in the review status. From the timeline it says it takes up to 5 months to process it. I went to visit my fiance for a month and we really just wanted to go ahead and get married. We did not at the time
Can all employees be held accountable for one employee job performance? I have just received a e-mail that all salary employees were getting a pay decrease because of poor job performance
Adding new owners to S corp? I own 100% of an S-corp
Is investor term sheet proposing funds disbursal over time risky? One of our prospective investors has proposed in our term sheet that investments amounts will be disbursed over time and when we reach certain milestones.  I would prefer to get all the money upfront
How do I obtain my funds from a trust my grandmother set up for me? How do I obtain my funds from a trust my grandmother set up for me?
Question about divorce? Have owned an s corp since 1990 with husband. It's a publishing company. My (nearly) sole income has come form there in these years and we are getting divorced
Can I sue for child support and alimony? My husband was deported back to Haiti for fraud. Now I hear that he's in Canada. I was married to him in 1984 and he left in 1987. We have a daughter that I had to raise alone. I want to sue for child support and alimony. Can I do that?
Are auto-renewing leases binding in Maine? In the state of Maine
Do I legally have to comply with a credit and background check? I signed a lease and already paid first month with a security deposit but now the landlord is asking for a credit and background check.  Do I legally have to comply?
Can anyone help as I'm looking for either some direction to find a sample or blank motion to terminate community control? I'm looking for either some direction to find a sample or blank motion to terminate community control. Can you help?
How long without a break can a employee work? How long without a break can an employee work?
Should I hire a defense attorney for a motion of default judgment in the state the motion where the motion has been filed or the state I live? I have a motion of default judgment filed against me.  The motion has been filed out of state.  My question is
Friend refuses to pay for contractual agreement. I helped a friend get a cell phone a few yrs ago. He defaulted
Review of a contract for my home business of a doggy daycare? I have written a contract
Can we use others' photos and recipes on our website? For my business we post images
Question regarding accessing a garnishment on my checking and saving account that wiped them out? I was accessed a garnishment on my checking and savings accounts which literally wiped out the accounts. In turn
How to cut off contact with ex-spouse not involved in child's life? My ex-husband had nothing to do with our daughter for 8 years
Can I develop smart phone apps on my own time? I have a full-time job working for an employer. My question: I would like to make and release apps for smartphones and make money during the evenings/weekends while employed full-time by my employer. How do I know if there are any legal issues involved. Thanks.
What do I do if I got my license suspended but I need it for work? I Got my license suspended for possession of marijuana. No heartship available. I Have 40+HR job in constitution and 2 children. I Have to get to work with all tools. What  do I do?
How to deal with tenant not moving out after lease expires? I have a tenant whose lease ran out (August 31) but he did not move. He was two months behind on his rent when the lease expired.Question: Can I give him a reasonable time to move and them throw a trespassing charge at him or do I have to go through an eviction process. At this point he has no lease - and in my opinion no legal basis to be in the property.Numerous promises to get current with the rent and give me a solid move date have come and gone without him doing what he promised. Today he informed me he will try to be out by Oct 1. At this point I'm essentially supporting him and my feeling is that he will continue to live on my dime as long as he can. I want to minimize the damage.
What can I do far as financial advice if I am unsatisfied with the job of a lawyer? What can I do far as financial advice if I am unsatisfied with the job of a lawyer is doing to resolve a case?
I am a small business owner of a cleaning service. One of my clients is accussing one of my helpers ... I am a small business owner of a cleaning service. One of my clients is accussing one of my helpers of stealing $1400.00 a week after we cleaned her house. My helper swears she did not take it and I know I did not. The client wants the money or she is going to the police. She said the money was in a bath robe. How should I proceed?
We have a Christmas ornament that has a unique design that I would like to protect. Can I do so with a copyright or trademark?
I want to quote and paraphrase the lyrics of the 1960s popular TV cartoon lyric - Roger Ramjet. I have not been able to find any contact information for the 2 owners who are now deceased or their estates. Does that raise any copyright issues?
If my husband defaults on the loan
How to get paycheck for first two weeks of work? I was hired on October 17
When signing POA for taxes does this transfer your responsibility to communicate? Power Of Attorney:When signing power of attorney for taxes does this transfer your responsibility to communicate with Department Of State ny to your appointed power of attorney? Will this be proof enough the date and signature to release me of any slip up on the power of attorneys part with the Department that the matter is with?
Question regarding my landlord filing an unlawful detainer law suit against me? My landlord filed an unlawful detainer law suit against me. I responded and now we have a court date for tomorrow 9/7/12. When he gave me the three day notice he included late fees and other charges. He also went back two years. I know that in California you can only list rent money owed and you can only go back one year. I want to have the suit dismissed
May I trademark a general concept about a professional sports player? Is the image of fill in the blank's number and this clever phrase about the athlete trademarkable?  Can I get in trouble if I start selling fill in the blanks via the Internet that have the player related slogan that I mentioned?
Collective Dismissal. Can my severance package include a compensation related to the fact that I am an expat and left my country due to the job in question?
What agreement do I need to purchase IP from a contractor? I need an agreement by which I buy the IP and all other ancillary rights to software
What should we do when we have a property problem with my nephew? My husband and I purchased a house in Florida. We were not documented at the time of purchase. A few months after I was diagnosed with cervical cancer. Fearing the worst and having a baby at the time. We quit claim the property to my nephew temporarily. Two years after I've been given a clean bill of health and is ready to have our house back in my name my nephew seems to want to poise a problem. What should we do?
Can any added item be placed on a contract below the signature without notice? Can any added item be placed on a contract below the signature without notice or clause in the contract of an amendment or addendum being added as part of the contract?If that item is not adhered too does that make the contract non-binding?
Can I sue if technician came to install cable internet and to not interfere with the control system but did? A Time Warner technician came to install cable internet
How to stop garnishing paycheck?  How do I reduce or stop a creditor garnishing my paycheck?
Can I lose my home because of credit card debt? Can I lose my home because of credit card debt?
Will new spouse have rights to my present and future possessions? I am planning to get married. Will my new wife have rights to my presently owned real estate and future inheritance?
Does the complex have legal ground to withhold payment for services already provided? I own a small cleaning company that cleans apartments for a complex. They recently terminated our contract because of 'a conflict of interest'. They had trouble finding another cleaning company
Formed Nevada LLC; Need CA Corporation Quickly? I have a Nevada LLC headquartered in Los Angeles
How to prove husband's allegations untrue without lawyer? My husband has petitioned and been granted an expedited hearing on taking my children away from me and granting him sole custody. He is claiming I'm unstable and using drugs. These allegations are not true so I have the truth. But how do I prove it in 3 days without legal counsel? He has a lawyer.
Corporate minutes I am involved in a company that has been in existence for over 20 years.  The company did not keep corporate minutes until the last two years.  The company is up for sale
Any recourse if my sister is accusing me of embezzlement of my mother's checking accounts? My sister is accusing me of embezzlement of my mother's Retirement and checking accounts. Is there any recourse for the slander? She has been telling other people.
How do I file for a divorce? How do I file for a divorce?
Is it legal if joint writer exploits joint written song while other writer does not benefit? Joint writer (1) assigns non-exclusive song rights for free repeatedly and the joint written song (Mechanicals
Can I evict my ex as having abandoned the home?  As per the terms of our divorce my ex-wife gets to stay in my home until August of 2013 in lieu of alimony. At that time she is to vacate I retain possession and her alimony is set at $0. My problem is that she has been evicted from the home by the city code enforcement
Is my company obligated to pay for my drive to the job? My company is based out of York town Va but the job we work at is 3 to 4 hours away. I show up at our office at 7am and drive a company truck to Raleigh NC 4 hours away. Is my company obligated to pay for my drive to the job or can they consider that a perk that I'm driving there van and not pay me for my drive?
What type of report that court could look at or base on to make decision regarding  to choose a school for my child?  What type of report that court could look at or base on to make decision regarding  to choose a school for my child (my kid will be 5 next year)?  We have join custody and 50/50 visitation and other factor that court will take into consideration for making decision.
Do I owe the new company the money or do I owe the original company the money? I have a contract for web design.  I paid half the contract value up front.  Now the company has closed and opened under a new name.  My website source code has not been delivered and the new company wants the rest of the money.  He says he will give me the source code after I pay him.  Do I owe this new company the money?  Or do I owe the original company the money?
If you take a plea deal in a criminal case how much will it affect the outcome of a civil lawsuit? If you take a plea deal in a criminal case how much will it affect the outcome of a civil lawsuit?
Do I have a case of a refund if I bought a car that came with a 30 day contract to void and it's damaged? I bought a car that came with a 30 day contract to void. I had the car for 12 days when the engine seized do to water entering the engine. I talked to the dealership an tried leaving the contract. They told me I couldn't
How can I get our joint custody divorce legally settled when our son is involved? My ex-wife and I have a joint custody divorce where she is on record as the custodian. My now 14 year old son came to live with me two years ago and wants to make it permanent. My ex-wife wants him back . Our divorce was done here in Georgia and she lives in Florida. How can I get the legally settled?
If a lease contains no provisions for its renewal
How do we
final sales contract If I bought a business for X amount and then years later sign a contract that the business is paid in full
Is it valid for my ex to ask to pay the court order fees when he said I didn't have to 8 years ago? I had a court order 8 years ago saying I had to pay to my ex-husband attorney fees
If I'm suing the IRS would that be a fed or civil suit? If I'm suing the IRS would that be a fed or civil suit?
Ex recently gave birth
Question regarding A friend of mine getting a letter from the US DOJ/California? A friend of mine (seriously) got a letter from the US DOJ/California: You are receiving this letter because your name and/or address has been identified with the purchases of controlled substances online. These were often shipped from foreign countries. The DEA is actively and aggressively targeting these online illicit websites for prosecution. If you have any questions about this letter or have info to provide about illegal online websites
We had an agreement to provide ongoing lawn and landscaping services to the tenant of a home in Penn... We had an agreement to provide ongoing lawn and landscaping services to the tenant of a home in Pennsylvania.  After several attempts to collect a past due balance from the tenant
General question about security deposit retention. If a owner in a property lease has been breached by the tenants (early departure)
How to reduce liability regarding negative user reviews on site? My website has a rating and review system that allows users to provide feedback on user generated content.  To minimize liability
Can I refile for divorce in another state? If I filed for divorce in Colorado and it was finalized can I re file in another state? I am unhappy with the laws in regards to custody with my child in the State of Colorado
Legal approach for running consignment-style internet-based business? I am starting a company in which we will accept customer goods for storage
How to approach trademark owners to license their trademark for mobile application? I am in the process of finishing up a mobile application and would like to use the trademarks belonging to others for marketing purposes and cross-functionality purposes.  How should I proceed to approach the trademark owners to secure any proper and necessary licenses to use such trademarks?
Legal case against financial adviser. Hi all.  My Father-in-law and his brothers took out 2 insurance policies on their parents several years ago with their Financial Adviser.  Apparently no one from the family has heard from their adviser in many years...until now
child support for separation/divorce We have been separated 5 months and my husband has given me a certifed letter stating that he gives me full custody of our 7 yr old son. Can a judge grant a petition for separation or divorce in Ga without ruling on child support?  If he leaves and cannot be found
How can I stop the mother of our child from taking him 2 hours away? How can I stop the mother of our child from taking him 2 hours away?
Is there a way I can cancel the will if I presently have without a big fee? I'm in FL.  Is there a way I can cancel the will and last testament I presently have without a big fee
Ex-wife threatening husband with jail if he takes her to court to get child back. My husband's ex-wife left with his child on April of 2011. He hasn't seen her since & she keeps telling him that if he tries to take her to court
Independent third party evaluation of stock? My company has a stock option plan and the board determines the fair market value of the company's stock when the board approves stock option grants.  Should my company get an independent third party valuation of the value of the stock to support the board's determination of fair market value?
How much notice do I have to give my landlord in order to receive security deposit back? If my lease has expired in NY state and I am moving
How can I get a divorce and an agreement of child custody without a lawyer? How can I get a divorce and an agreement of child custody without a lawyer?
Employee transfer Can an employer put an employee on a different shift if the employee does not want to be on that different shift?
Case of retaliation against my employer if given the option of a suspension or quit with 2-week pay? On July 6th I met with my boss and the HR manager to clear up the rumors being spread in the office and some of my own complaints. Not another word until July 19th when someone other than my boss told me the relationship would either end on my terms or theirs. I was given the option of a writeup and 3 day suspension or quit with 2 weeks pay. I quit. I have documentation of my manager telling people of our meeting and warning them about me and of others making comments like its my time of the month. In 5 years I have never been disciplined for any reason. I was also just given a $1 raise and sent to a $3500 class for 2 weeks just before this meeting. Do I have a case of retaliation against my employer? I am in California.
Retaliation Laws On July 6th I met with my boss and the HR manager to clear up the rumors being spread in the office and some of my own complaints. Not another word until July 19th when someone other than my boss told me the relationship would either end on my terms or theirs. I was given the option of a writeup and 3 day suspension or quit with 2 weeks pay. I quit. I have documentation of my manager telling people of our meeting and warning them about me and of others making comments like its my time of the month. In 5 years I have never been disciplined for any reason. I was also just given a $1 raise and sent to a $3500 class for 2 weeks just before this meeting. Do I have a case of retaliation against my employer? I am in California.
If I have provided a small deposit and signed a lease agreement
Can I use house willed to me to get reverse mortgage? My husband died 4 years ago and left me all of the property including the house in his will and last testament
If a renter changes his mind before moving in and doesn't want to rent anymore
If someone pays me with a check & I owe child support can I change it & will bank keep the money? If someone pays me with a check and I owe child support can I change it and will the bank keep the money?
if you're buying a house on one price while trying to close the deal & they raise the price
Illegal to stand on a public roadway with a sign that states a woman is homeless by her police husband? Is it illegal to stand on a public roadway with a sign that says my husband who is a police chief for this city has had me thrown out of our home and now I am homeless and he also stole my car - please help me or something along that line?
Can a husband force his wife out of their home if it's only in his name? Can a husband force his wife out of their home if it's only in his name?
If I work my regular scheduled 8 hours can i be forced to stay and work 12 to 16? I work in long term care. If I work my regular scheduled 8 hours can i be forced to stay and work 12 to 16?
In a custody case
if you are on a joint lease with another person for a apartment is it legal for one of the people on the lease to remove the other person without a signature or permission from the other person? if you are on a joint lease with another person for a apartment is it legal for one of the people on the lease to remove the other person without a signature or permission from the other person?
I found a string
Does it mean I lose all my stuff in the house or do I have to be out of there immediately? I was suppose to pay rent by the 5th and I wasn't able to so my landlord gave me til the 25th to come up with full or nothing. I'm not able to and she's asked me to turn in my key. Does that mean I lose all my stuff in the house or do I have to be out of there immediately?
Can a 17 year old move out of her house legally? Can a 17 year old move out of her house legally?
I am filing for primary custody for my children
Legal impropriety when real estate lawyer elected to HOA board of directors. I'm the president of my home owners association. I have a new homeowner
Can landlord take my rent if he went bankrupt and not paying mortgage? I rent a house and my landlord went bankrupt last year and stopped paying the mortgage. The house is not in foreclosure yet. I have continued to pay him rent & he is just pocketing the money
Can I cancel contract within 72 hours for full refund in NY? Can I cancel a contract within 72 hours for a full refund under New York state law?
Company will not reimburse for damaged personal toolbox. I am a mechanic and I'm required to provide my own tools. Recently
How do I negotiate a workers comp settlement without an attorney? How do I negotiate a workers comp settlement without an attorney?
Does inability to work due to injury qualify for SSI? Will I receive SSI benefits for a chainsaw accident to my left thumb and index finger? Both fingers were shredded
What are my options and how do I go about making sure my name isn't stolen? I've started my own clothing line and it is catching on. I have multiple offers to work with local businesses that are already established but I need an inexpensive legal document that insures my name can't be stolen. What are my options and how do I go about getting it?
Do HIPPA laws relate to non-medical employees? Can a employee in a non-management position
What becomes of my mother's debt who recently passed away? My Mom died on Dec. 27
Can landlord keep security deposit if tenant breaks lease? I am a landlord. If in the lease agreement states that the tenant does not live up to the terms of the lease and breaks his 1-year lease
Am I liable for person's debt if I claim her as dependent on taxes? I am a single male living with a single female who has significant financial liabilities.  If I claim her as a dependent for federal income tax purposes
Can boss take hours away if transfer requested? I work at McDonald's restaurant and about 2 weeks ago I told my boss that I wanted to transfer to another store. After I told her
A client fired me from a remodel because my crew was  working without me. I explained that as a business owner
Can I get money back after signing lease contract? I signed a lease contract and paid the monthly amount. But
Can I put tenant out myself if they do not leave? I need an eviction. My contract states the amount of time for my tenant to leave is after asked 3 days. It was contracted
How to legally protect name recognition? We have had a hobby biz using the name Tumblebeads for 13 years and have had tumblebeads.com for 12. Recently I discovered that others are riding our coattails. What can be done to protect our name recognition 'legally'?
Is there advantage to being president in corporation with 2 owners? In a corporation with two owners (e.g. 50/50) what is advantages of being president over vice president?
What is the traffic law for drivers turning along side with public bus? Is there any law that states that drives should yield to a public bus when the bus and the drive in the car are both turning?
What action to take when high school deprives chronically ill child of education and benefits? Two years ago our town's local high school neglected my daughter to a proper education and benefits when she became chronically ill. She was an A student up until her illness. She is now 20 and thankfully in the road to recovery. She demands justice from the unlawful behavior displayed. Please help.
Can public university request sensitive documents to process financial aid? Can a public university ask for documentation such as bank statements
Can company do partial bankruptcy for one creditor? Can a company do a partial bankruptcy for one creditor who is being less reasonable then others?
Can tenant's boss sue me for forged checks? I am a new landlord in Illinois.  My tenant is accused of forging checks from her workplace to pay for her rent. Her boss is suing me to return the stolen money. Can he do this?
I have tenants who refuse to pay their rent. If their lease is up in April can they still stay? I have tenants who are refusing to pay their rent
Listing creditor lawsuit in schedule F. Hi there
What are the legal considerations for a non-US citizen setting up a business in the US?
I'm a salary employe. if I'm sick 2 days
We recently moved from an apartment to a condo that was a rental. We are not planning to stay
Will notarized letter refusing child support hold in court? If I have a letter notorized stating that the mother of my child does not want me to have visitation rights or pay child support
Right to press charges against a threat on Facebook? Do I have a right to press charges against someone who has posted a death threat on Facebook towards me and my son?
Can friend get out of contract after signing for car purchase? My friend signed the contract to buy a Jeep Wrangler 2010 yesterday at a local dealership yesterday. He didn't drive the car home yesterday. We went back there today and tried to get out of the contract. The general manager says he can't get out of the contract. Is this true in the State of WA?
Signing Separation Agreement & Mutual Release with at-will employer. If I an at-will employer lets me go
Is Spousal support based on income? i was paying an amount of Spousal Support based on my then current income. In January of this year
Can mother change child's name without father's consent? Can a mother change a name of a child without permission from the child's father?I has son last November and his mother and I split up in April I haven't seen my son since then. She has just simply refused him from me because I left her. She has kept him from me for seven months and has changed his name from what we named him at birth. is that legal to change my sons name without my permission and what can I do about her keeping him from me? i am a veteran and never been accused of any crime or shown any reason to be keep from my son.
employment law Is it legal in California for an employer to ask that you fill out an anonymous survey where it is listed that your employment will not be affected and answers are confidential and then ask you why you answered in the way you did to specific questions?
How to file DBA to do business under different name from incorporated one? How do you file a DBA (doing business as) filing if you want to do business under a different name (a .com) rather than your incorporated name?
How can mother obtain POA for father with dementia? My dad's in a nursing home suffering from dementia. My mother needs power of attorney. How do we go about obtaining?
How to get father's property if still in his name? My father passed away in 1997 and he has a house and land still is in his name
Is there a way to set up a vesting schedule to award significant portion of the equity to the founders that are actually doing work on building the start up?  In an operating agreement for a start up
Can my neighbor cut back a tree that is planted on my property but overhangs the property line onto their property when doing so would damage and disfigure the tree? Can my neighbor cut back a tree that is planted on my property but overhangs the property line onto their property when doing so would damage and disfigure the tree?
How can I make the father of my child not  pay child support? How can I make the father of my child not  pay child support?
Can child's mother say ex parte court date over phone without first serving papers? Hello
If I got married & I want to withdraw my petition
How can we get a divorce without involving a lawyer? My wife and I would like to get a divorce
I'm going through a separation. Should I be concerned that my ex is filing for shared custody of our 4 children?
I'm a single and disabled and I'm on hud Housing in Kansas. I've been for 9 yrs going on ten in April 1 2012. My son got a felony charge at 16 and I want to know if I can lose my hud? Sincerely
Cannot contact son's mother after she filed false protective order. The mother of my son filed a false Protective order on me & had no contact for days.  In it she also clearly stated that my son has marks on his face that are unexplained and appeared while in my care.  I have multiple witnesses who can testify the exact opposite. Since then no contact. HELP?
How do I cancel this my gym membership and am I legally bound to this membership?   I am trying to cancel a 12-month membership to anytime fitness.  The gym rep is telling me I can not cancel because it is a 12-month membership.  She is also telling me she does not have the authority to cancel it and will have to contact the owner.  How do I cancel this?  Am I legally bound to this membership?  What about doing the right thing by people?
Can the collection agency legally threaten me with prison for unpaid bills? I was contacted by a collection agency about some past medical bills
What is the statue of limitations of a financial crime?  What is the statue of limitations of a financial crime? The victim refused to press charges but the siblings are threatening to do so now that the victim has passed away.
Is a signed contract by both parties valid thru email? Is a signed contract by both parties valid thru email?
What kind of rights are allowed for grandparents? What kind of rights are allowed for grandparents?
Can boss fire me for not having same religious beliefs? My boss told me he was going to get me fired because I insulted him by not having the same religious beliefs as he does. Is that legal? can he get in trouble for that?
Can drug/alcohol counselor testify against client? If a drug/alcohol counselor is told during a session by a client that they have committed a crime
Reopening Order Regarding Custody
Late mother and I purchased investment properties together. My Mother passed away.  Her and I had purchased investment properties together and had titled them in our names only with right of survivorship.  Do these properties have to go through probate and do my siblings have any right to these properties?
What are my rights and can I tell them no they can not show my apartment during those times any longer? I am moving out of my apartment in 30 days and my landlord wants to show my apartment. He has been giving me the standard 24 hour notice before he comes but it is becoming quite overwhelming. He is coming often and only at times when I am at work and cannot be there. I am very uncomfortable having so much traffic in and out of my home when I am not there. What are my rights? Can I tell them no they can not show my apartment during those times any longer?
My husband and I are separated but keeps picking up the kids without telling me. What can I do? My husband and I are separated and he keeps picking up the kids from the babysitter without making arrangements and will not communicate with me about it. He won't tell me he has them.  What can I do?
With the deferred action act do I still qualify if I was deported when I was around 8? With the deferred action act do I still qualify if I was deported when I was around 8? I am currently 21.
Is mandatory disclosure necessary in uncontested dissolution of marriage if ready to sign everything? Is mandatory disclosure necessary in uncontested dissolution of marriage if spruce is ready to sign everything?
If I have been fired does my boss have the right to hold my check? If I have been fired does my boss have the right to hold my check?
If there is will and testament does family go through probate court? If there is a will and testament do family members need to go through probate court?  Even if they lived in another state?  Can the two top executors sign off to a third if they are not interested in taking on the task?
How to copyright idea? What do I need to do to copyright an idea?
What ways are there for me to get a divorce if I can't find him to serve my ex the papers? I live in California and was married in Las Vegas
Question regarding a national grid bill in my name? I let some one put a national grid bill in my name  on a veritable agreement that it would be kept up on and it got up to $2.600. It is for an address I did not live at. What can I do?
Can an employer dock pay to cover costs of mistakes in the workplace? Can an employer dock pay to cover costs of mistakes in the workplace?
My ex-husband & I share custody of our 13 yo child in LA. He is never left alone when he is with me.  Within the past month
What is the difference between a labor lawyer and an employment lawyer? I was told that there is a difference between a labor lawyer and an employment lawyer. If there is
What forms are required for contempt for visitations and requesting an immediate hearing? My case is in Miami Dade county
How do I resolve the matter if my ex income from me? My soon to be ex spouse hid income from me and did not disclose such information. How do I approach this matter and making court aware and imputing income?
Is it best to sell the house before or after divorce? Is it best to sell the house before or after divorce?
What are my legal rights as a beneficiary as listed in our father's will? 8 siblings inherited one house on three acres of land. We signed for one brother to be executor over the estate to have the will probated through the court. We had a verbal agreement that the beneficiaries living in the home would pay $250 into an escrow account monthly to cover any repairs
What are the requirements for the Dream Act? What are the requirements for the Dream Act?
I'm in Massachusetts area. I'm trying to sue an out of state company. Since its out of state company
Can I legally have her children removed from her household if she is engaged to a convicted? Can I legally have her children removed from her household if she is engaged to be married to a convicted sex offender
What documents do I need to complete to start an online business? What documents do I need to complete to start an online business?
Is it as simple as drafting the appropriate contract detailing the relationship between the individual (owner)
Can I be legally held accountable for rent if my name was listed as a tenant? My name was never listed as a tenant no rental agreement was signed. Can I be legally held accountable for rent?
Can a US employer hire an asylum-seeker? Can an employer hire an alien who is in the US seeking asylum
Does the bank need to notify me as a spouse if they garnish my account? i live in California. My husband had a credit card in his name alone in which he defaulted on and it proceeded to a judgement.  They levied funds from our joint checking acct which we closed.  Do they need to notify me personally
What circumstances does the court consider for emancipation? What circumstances does the court consider for emancipation?
Do I have a right to get a copy of what's in my personnel file from my job? Do I have a right to get a copy of what's in my personnel file from my job?
If I do not agree to live at the rented house anymore how many days do I have to get out? The home I am renting now has been sold to another owner. I was not told until this morning that it was going through escrow. I was paying the previous owners rent every 15th day of the month and come the first of August the new owner wants it on the first. If I do not agree to live here anymore how many days do I have to get out?
If my ex is behind on child support in Indiana
Can I quit & get unemployment? I have worked FULL time at my company for 18 years at a major retail company making a hourly wage plus commission and paid sick
If my husband dies without a will
If i marry a person that has child support arrears in the state of Florida will my income be affected? If i marry a person that has child support arrears in the state of Florida will my income be affected?
Is there anything I can do if I got terminated by text? I was terminated by text message
Question about working in the U.S. as a European citizen? I am a European citizen and I have an H-1 B visa with a company. I have been working on the side with few friends on an idea and we now want to take all the  necessary steps to make it a company (incorporation with co-founders and shareholders) without leaving our jobs at first.I am aware that I cannot work for the new company until it can show that it can support me
What is the process if I want a divorce? I want to divorce. What is the process?
Can I make my dad pay for half of my college tuition? My mom and my dad are separated and have been for a while.  I stopped going to visit him a while ago & I hated it up there. I want to know if there is a way to get him to continue to pay for schooling as I go into college.  I would like him to pay for at least half.  He stopped paying child support for a brief period of time
Employment status if 10-99d yearly with no worker's comp or benefits? I am wondering if GA law recognizes myself and co-workers as employees
Can a regular person file a federal mandate against a state water board? Can a regular person file a federal mandate against a state water board?
Can the police give me a citation for driving on a suspended license if I was not in my car and my keys were out of the ignition? My car had ran out of gas on the highway. However
If I dissolve my company am I responsible for that debt? I own an LLC with few assets in Missouri. My company is committed to a service that it doesn't need for the next 16 months totaling over $13
If my OPT expires soon and my company applies for my H1B
If I received residency through marriage
If I have assets in two countries
How should I deal with a car dealership that is charging me a higher interest rate? So I bought a car using a pre-approved check with the bank. The car dealership had me fill out a second contract in case there were issues with the bank check. It claimed it was standard practice; it just needed a back up
What other options do i have for staying here legally? My husband withdrew his petition for residency right before we went for the interview. I am trying to reinstate my F1 visa. We have filed for a divorce.  What other options do i have for staying here legally?
Should I be going to arbitration first in an attorney fee dispute? The California lawyer that I hired claims I owe him more money that I agree to.  I would like to take him to the California Bar to discuss the fees and other issues
What type of contract do I need to publish and profit from sale of crowd sourced content? What kind of contract do I need in order to crowdsource content (text and artwork) for a book which gives me permission to publish and profit from said book without having to distribute any revenue to the contributors? Obviously
Should I talk to my HR manager or an attorney regarding a defamatory statement made by boss? I have recently made a complaint to my Human Resources Dept of my company against my manager. As a result I have a meeting tomorrow with them. My complaint was that my boss told my coworkers that I had a STD; which is totally false. Even if true
How can I sue a dealership for tearing up my car and refuses to fix it? How can I sue a dealership for tearing up my car and refuses to fix it?
How long can a legal resident be out of the country?  How long can a legal resident be out of the country?
What can I do to have my mom stay here in the USA when she has previously overstayed her tourist visa? My mom came to USA with a tourist visa. They let her stay for a month. Last time
If I get married
When you lease equipment and the equipment breaks down
Is it legal to use a competitor's trademarked business name in Google Adwords as a keyword to trigger my ad?  Is it legal to use a competitor's trademarked business name in Google Adwords as a keyword to trigger my ad? The ad would not contain the trademarked words and would have my business name and describe my products which are the same as my competitors. Would they have a valid lawsuit against me? A few years ago I was sent a letter by a lawyer and asked not to use these keywords to trigger my ad. It scared me at the time and I stopped but now I'm not so sure I was doing anything wrong. I know Google's policies will allow me to do it in the Untied States but trying to figure out if the company would have a valid case against me if I continued to do it.
What happens if my husband does not receive his padron after waiting 6 months? What happens if my husband does not receive his padron after waiting 6 months?
Can we send a cease and desist letter to a company printing shirts with our name on them? A company is Ohio is printing shirts with our name on them. We do not have our logo or name trademarked
Can I add tips I received from my work to my tax return in order to demonstrate that I have reached the minimum amount for support? I have a question regarding the affidavit for support. I am sponsoring my wife but I do not meet require income based on my W2. Working as a waiter
Am I obligated to still help my husband fix his immigration papers if our marriage is not working out? I was with my boyfriend for 8 years and we got married. I was helping him fix his immigration papers
Can I file a lawsuit against my former employer to recover unused vacation time? I worked for a company in Bay Area
How should I handle a dispute with my car dealership with regards to the correct loan amount? I bought a car and it supposed to cost $9
What rights do I have if my ex-wife denies me from seeing my daughter who is 14? What rights do I have if my ex-wife denies me from seeing my daughter who is 14?
How do I recover a dirt bike I gifted to my former ex-girlfriend that is in my name? I bought my now ex girlfriend a dirt bike for her birthday. It is in my name and it is still being financed. I am afraid that I might be held liable if someone gets hurt while in her possession. How can I go about getting it back? She will not return phone calls
If my ex has a child
Is my house covered under the bankruptcy? I filed for Chapter 7 in 2010 and was discharged in June 2010.  I did not sign reaffirmation papers for the house.  I tried to get it modified
How can I recover back rent from a former tenant? A former tenant that skipped on several month's rent in 2009
Do I need to apply for a new EIN if changing my company from LLC to an corporation? I have a single member LLC registered in NV. I have been filing tax of the LLC as schedule-C since it was incorporated. Due to business needs
How do I go about buying a internet business/web assets plus some physical inventory? How do I go about buying a internet business/web assets plus some physical inventory? How do we use escrow services in an ALL online transaction? Who verifies that the seller did what he's supposed to do according to contact and so the funds can be released (assuming we're using E-escrow)?
What recourse do I have against a shop owner who chipped my marble slabs while storing them at his shop? I bought two slabs of marble and had them delivered to a stone fabricator for cutting and installation. Due to circumstances outside either of our control
Am I obligated to return items belonging to my son's ex-girlfriend who said she would claim those items? My son's girlfriend moved out of my house 8 months ago and has never come back for the stuff she left behind. About 5 months ago
Is there anything specific to the state of New York that I need to include in my lease? I'm leasing my property in New York. Is there anything specific to the state of New York that I need to include in my lease?
Can I press charges against my landlord for stealing my mail? My landlord who is trying to evict me takes my mail into her house from the mail box and keeps it from me. I do not receive my mail and it has been going on for a year now. Can I press charges?
Is 6 month's pay in exchange for release of company liability in a separation agreement fair? Is 6 month's pay in exchange for release of company liability in a separation agreement fair?  I live in Illinois.
Is there a way to make the sale of an inherited house happen? My sister and I inherited my mother's house when she died. My sister gave her half to her son who is supposed to buy out my half.  My sister is executor of the will. It has been a year and they aren't doing a thing about buying my half. Is there any way I can make this sale happen?
Can I be fired for not signing a company policy after working for them for 4 years? Can I be fired for not signing a company policy after working for them for 4 years?
New public question from vadinho1717 I have a small commercial property in California. Due to very serious family health issues
New public question from klfdkn Is a jury allowed to hear expert testimony as to why the defendant likely confessed to a crime he did not commit after a pretrial determined it was voluntary? Should a relative who testifies that the defendant has been delusional for years be allowed to be cross examined? Does that violate the constitution?
When I apply for my citizenship
Will my husband (who is married to a US citizen and has a US born son) be able to come back into to US if he overstayed his tourist visa? I would like to know if I can request some sort of visa for my husband to go the US with me as soon as possible? If so how
What type of visa do I need to work in the US for multiple employers? What type of visa do I need to work in the US for multiple employers?
In a divorce
Do I have an action to be compensated for a lie made by my former employer costing me unemployment benefits? I have written proof that my supervisor lied to our employer about an incident report which eventually cost me my job. This lie was in a letter that I received from OSHA
Can the FTB go after the remaining member of an inactive LLC and assess a lien on her personal property for a $250 penalty? We formed an LLC in 1999. No business was generated. Filed taxes for a few years with zero income and then everything stopped. The LLC was in a way inactive and forfeited for the past 10 years. Nothing was filed nor paid. All three partners moved away. Now the one member who registered for the LLC received past due notice from the FTB for $250 penalty. Her name appears underneath the LLC name on the notice. Can the FTB go after that member and assess a lien on her personal property for that penalty?
How long does a couple have to wait after marriage to be able to apply for a green card if one of them is a citizen and the other is not? How long does a couple have to wait after marriage to be able to apply for a green card if one of them is a citizen and the other is not?
Can I get a green card because I am the caretaker of my autistic child
What do I need to do to become a US citizen if I have been married to a US citizen who has a green card? What do I need to do to become a US citizen if I have been married to a US citizen who has a green card?
How should I deal with immigration when my wife flies in from abroad to file immigration papers? I am a US citizen. I got married in Trinidad to my wife in Nov 2012. She has a B1/B2 visa. We traveled to the US in December after the wedding
If your HOA puts a lien on you home because you did not pay the dues
How do I deal with a harassing payday loan company? I live in Illinois and went online looking at payday loans. A week later
Can I go to traffic court on behalf of my boyfriend? My boyfriend got a ticket in my car for no insurance. He has court tommorow morning and he had to go out of town. His mother got in a wreck and they don't  know if he is going to make it. Can I go to court for him? I have a letter he wrote saying I can plead for him as well as give me his ticket and drivers license. It was my car he got the ticket in. He didn't know that I didn't have insurance at the time. He did have insuance for his own car but he was diving my car.
Will a prior criminal conviction affect my TN visa application I am 26 years old and currently applying for a TN visa to work in the United States as a Canadian citizen. I have been living in the United States since I was 11 months old under a TD visa and F-1 visa. When I was 16 I was charged with a dui and theft under $50 dollars. Also
If my F1 expired
Is it legal for my trailer park manager to make me take my signs down or fine me if I don't? I live in a trailer park in North Carolina. I placed on my mobile home and on a tree on the lot I rent a no trespassing sign and beware of dog sign! The park manager wrote out a formal letter telling me I have to remove all signs from the property or I will face a 100 daily fine until I do so and they will also not except our lot rent until fines are paid in full! I have lived here almost 14 years signed 1 lease nothing being said in the lease that I wasn't aloud to place signs on my mobile home I own and this lease was with the previous park owners! My question is it legal for them to make me take my signs down or fine me if I don't?
Is there a way that I can get Georgia to release the hold on my driver's license? I am trying to get my driver's license in the state of North Carolina and the state of Georgia has a hold on my driver's licenses because of 3 drug charges. I don't live in Georgia and have no plans to return to Georgia. Is there a way that I can get Georgia to release the hold?
If I am arrested for theft without being charged with anything and my employer holds my last check
if I damage a person's vehicle on my property
Will I still get immigration under F2A if I am becoming 21 after 6 months? Will I still get immigration under F2A if I am becoming 21 after 6 months?My father who is green card holder
Can I patent a hairspray that is a combination of existing hairsprays? I have 'created' a hair product that combines existing products already on the market.  The existing products are individually marketed and sold for very different purposes than the combined product. Let's say Product A is a moisturizer
Do you have any right to take legal action against a company who fails to return an item you bought from them online and return it for repair or replacement under warranty when it started malfunction one month after buying it? Do you have any right to take legal action against a company who fails to return an item you bought from them online and return it for repair or replacement under warranty when it started malfunction one month after buying it? The company stop communicating with me after it confirmed that it received the returned item.
Is it legal to use pictures of businesses off their company websites? Is it legal to use pictures of businesses off their company websites?
Can I get a green card if I have been convicted of attempted arm robbery 10 years ago? Can I get a green card if I have been convicted of attempted arm robbery 10 years ago?
What should I do when my car has been repossessed and did not have an opportunity to refinance due to unemployment? I want to sue a car dealership for unfair sales. I purchased a 2012 Dodge Charger August 29
Can a collection agency tell me he is a lawyer and that if I don't pay the full amount he will bring me to court? Can a collection agent tell me he is a lawyer an that if I don't pay the full amount within 5 days he will bring me to court? I was willing to make a monthly effort to pay this collection
Can a diary be used to verify the wishes of the deceased? The deceased has no formal written will.  Can a diary be used to verify the wishes of the deceased?
Question about an officer persisting my documents from me? I was interviewed for my E-11. The officer wants additional documents from me like old copy of passport
Can a immigrant return to US after being asked to leave more than 20 years ago? Back in 1988
Can the officer ask me for documents over 14 years back from an interview? I went to my interview and the officer is asking me for documents over 14 years back. Can she do that?
How do we get back to the US legally if we have been living in Mexico for a while? I am a US citizen who is currently living in Mexico with my husband we have been together for 4 years but have only been married for 2 months we have a 4yr old son. We were living in the US but moved to Mexico about 3 yrs ago because my husband had trouble finding a steady job. He had some problems while living in the US for about 8 years like being arrested for having no drivers license but he never was deported. Also
Can my son's grandmother sue to get her money back after paying for his orthodontist bill? My son's grandmother paid for his orthodontist bill by check and now wants her money back. Can she sue them to get her money back?
Do I need to setup an authorization with both Florida and New York in order to conduct business in both of those states if I operate the business out of FL
Can you legally aggregate news stories from publications around the world to create your own newspaper? Can you legally aggregate news stories from publications around the world to create your own newspaper? We will be giving away the newspaper for free as well as crediting and attributing all the original sources.
Can a person that acquired a visa through domestic violence be affected if someone reports him or her that they used someone else's name and social security to work previous to getting their visa?  Can a person that acquired a visa through domestic violence be affected if someone reports him or her that they used someone else's name and social security to work previous to getting their visa?
Do we need an agreement if the some of the original founders of a company wish to carry on the business? Six individuals legally formed a corporation in Florida and signed a non-disclosure agreement regarding any business ideas generated.  Each person contributed equally to the business formation expenses.  However
If I owe a restitution am I able to move to another country? If I owe a restitution am I able to move to another country?
What happens to the new car I just bought if I need to file for bankruptcy? I need to file bankruptcy. But what will happen to the new car I bought? Because of my job
If one of two defendants files bankruptcy
Question regarding My wife having me falsely arrested and got an order of protection? My wife had me falsely arrested and got an order of protection. As a result I lost 3 months pay. My character was defamed and I have suffered a great deal. We have 2 kids. Now I'm still going to court for a false charge missing days of work. She filed for uncontested divorce and I have to respond. If I agree to this divorce can I still sue for lost wages in a civil court without a lawyer?
Can my ex-wife change my kid's last name without my consent? I wanted to know if my ex-wife could change my kid's last name without my consent?  Or have them enrolled in school under her maiden name? I'm legally divorced and my decree has ordered me to pay child support under my last name.  How can I find out if my kids name has been changed in the system with me living in a different state.  And can Maintenance be terminated if she has re-married in the state of Colorado?
Do I have to continue to drive to work if I broke my foot and it is not safe to drive? I broke my foot at and the company doesn't want me to take time off. The company wants me to come in every day but I have trouble driving. Do I have to drive if it's not safe to do so?
Is there any legal time limit on when the will should or would be read after my mother's death? My mom died and left a living trust
In the state of PA
 If you do not have a will
Can I also claim gas or milage for each delivery trip as a pizza delivery driver? I am a pizza delivery driver for Domino's pizza. It pays me .95 cents for each delivery. Can I also claim gas or milage for each delivery trip?
Are wills and powers of attorney that were written and signed in Pennsylvania legally binding in New Jersey?   Are wills and powers of attorney that were written and signed in Pennsylvania
If I build something can I sell it without a patent? If I build something can I sell it without a patent?
Are 911 calls copyright protected?  Can 911 calls be freely used on you tube or websites? None
Is it legit if a company (regular company
What documentation do I need to show to immigration? I have a passport from my country of citizenship and a green card. Is it possible to show my passport with a visa for coming back to the US or do I have to show my green card? Will the immigration know that I am a resident if I only show my passport?
If I lost my citizenship papers
What are the options for a L-1A visa holder to take up another employment while living in the United States? What are the options for a L-1A visa holder to take up another employment while living in the United States?
Do we need sole custody of children to live in US legally? We are Canadians with green cards
Does the library have the right to charge me 600 dollars when it's my music? I copyrighted music material 10 yrs ago at the library of congress. I needed copies of 5 registered works because my music was recorded without my permission. I ask for the copies and they charged me 600 dollars. Do they have the right to charge me 600 dollars when its my music?
Are there legal issues of making models of objects? I'm a one-person company making iPhone games.  I'd like to use realistic models of things like guns
If I bought a fitness workout video and put it on my website to have my members watch it
What can I do about an illegal sublease? I was illegally subleased office space in Overland Park
Can my boss fire and evict me for having a relationship with my boss's daughter? I was fired because of my relationship with my boss's daughter. We were just friends. He is also now evicting me from my home which I rent from him within 48 hours. So I have to find a job and home with no money for me and my kids. Can he do this?
What are the guidelines of being legally emancipated? What are the guidelines of being legally emancipated?
What do I to expedite an insurance claim for damaged tools caused by my former employer? I'm an auto body technician and back in August of this year
Is there a single government or private entity to acquire re-seller's rights to a book? Is there a single government or private entity to acquire re-seller's rights to a book? My goal is to acquire re-seller's rights to as many text books as I can afford. Is there a fee cap on how much they can charge me? How can I track down who to talk to regarding the resale rights of a book?
Does using former band member's artwork infringe copyright? A Former band member wants us to not use the name and artwork for the band. He created the name and artwork but we are still using the name and artwork. Are we right in doing so or are we liable for copyright infringement?
Can I be a passive investor in a US company if I am not a US citizen? My friend has this idea for a internet business and I want to be a passive investor. I am currently in the US on a visa and hence cannot work for the company
What can I do to prevent repossession of my car when dealer says no money down and no monthly payment? I went to a car dealership
What can I do when I am banned from playing an online game where I have invested real money? I've been playing an online game
Can I sue a county court if they have violated my constitutional rights? Can I sue a county court if they have violated my constitutional rights?
Are there red flags when a law firm identifies a typo in a will 4 years later? After about 4 yrs or so my lawyer called and said they had found a typo in my will and I should come in and resign the corrected will.  They are doing it for free but my question is why would it have taken this long to find it and why are they looking at it now - 4 yrs later.  Is this common or should I beware?
What will happen if I drop my petition to get my husband a green card? I married my husband and file the petition for him to get a green card shortly after the marriage we went for the interview. While waiting for the result the marriage become shaky I started to move out few days after that immigration came by and visit him and didn't believe I live there
Can I use the credit card of my deceased mother even though I paid the bill? I have a credit card that belonged to my mother
What is the procedure when a parent dies on the will in the state of GA? What is the procedure when a parent dies on the will in the state of GA?
How long can an estate go unsettled? How long can an estate go unsettled?
How do I have myself removed from a lawsuit where I have been added to a debt claim? How do I have myself removed from a lawsuit where I have been added to a debt claim?  Someone I knew
If one spouse dies without a will
In the event of death
Would husband be able to bring over second family if I get a divorce and he was naturalized from said marriage? If my husband went behind my back and got a second wife and had two children
Is it legal for my probation officer to discuss and share my case with a fellow probation officer? Is it legal for my probation officer to discuss and share my case with a fellow probation officer?
How long does it take to get a bail reduction? How long does it take to get a bail reduction?
how do i get a federal pd for a civil case? how do i get a federal pd for a civil case?
What are my options if I was hit by my father at the direction of my mother? My father hit me in the face at the direction of my mother while she and I were arguing. She does not know how to handle confrontation and began yelling. When I tried to explain my point
How do two parties get a mutual restraining order removed? How do two parties get a mutual restraining order removed?
Can designs drawn by another but never paid for be copyrighted? Person is now claiming that I was an employee
is it legal to make sure a company installed legal software on my computer? is it legal to make sure a company installed legal software on my computer?
How can I stay in the US on an F1 visa if I fail my school's qualifying exam? I'm a candidate PhD student in IN since August 2011.  I have an F1 Visa. I would like to know how can I get an green card
Can applying for medicaid affect my citizenship application? I have a green card that say permanent resident.  I have 3 years on it.  Can I get apply for medicaid?  I have a high risk pregnancy and my social worker told me I'm qualified for the assistance. The social worker did not know anything about the immigration laws. We submitted the applications
How many months do I need to wait for my daughter to get her visa? How many months do I need to wait for my daughter to get her visa? She is only 17 years old. I filed it on Nov. 20
How can I make sure my wife get her green card when I get my green card? I am on H1B visa and my wife on H4
How do I apply for permanent residency while on a H1B visa? I'm working for a US company under a H1B visa. Currently
What should I do if I bought a car and just found out it had frame damage? When I bought my car
Can a landlord not allow me to sublet an apartment? Can a landlord not allow me to sublet an apartment?
How do I get a passport for an adopted child if I am a naturalized citizen? I became a citizen by naturalization with my adopted child. How do I get a US passport for the child?
Will my home  become part of our community property if I move to FL? If I get married in the state of Florida and live there will my home that I currently own become part of our community property?
Can I be charged with Grand Theft Auto on own car if I cannot pay back title loan? In Texas
Can i sue a hotel for damages caused by bedbugs in the state of WI? Can i sue a hotel for damages caused by bedbugs in the state of WI?
What form applied for fee waiver on tps extension application? What form applied for fee waiver on tps extension application?
Are payday loans illegal online and can they threaten you with fraud? Are payday loans illegal online and can they threaten you with fraud?
Illegal for the car dealership where i purchased my car from to sale my account to a collection agency? is it illegal for the car dealership where i purchased my car from to sale my account to a collection agency?
I live in West Virginia and received a summons for failure to pay a debt. If my name is the only one on the summons
We have a contract that rolls over every 3 years without notification. We were unaware of this until we tried to cancel the service. The contract was signed in 2001. We are told we have to wait until 2013 to cancel. How can we cancel?
My vehicle was repossessed. The finance company stated my insurance cancelled but I changed insurance company. Is this legal?
Can I get out of a contract in Georgia during the first 72 hours?
I take magazine subscription orders over the phone. When I send out the paperwork
Can someone run a credit report on me without my consent?
How does Taiwanese pay the tax of salary at Indiana? How does Taiwanese pay the tax of salary at Indiana?
Can I take the dealership to court for breaking what they call a breech of contract? I bought a 2002 Chevy Tahoe on September 19
Can a person receive child support from England? Can a person receive child support from England?
What principle should I follow if I open up a restaurant at new york city? What principle should I follow if I open up a restaurant at new york city?
Can I give up my citizenship & move back to Sweden cause I don't think that I can complete my probation? I am a dual citizen US/Sweden. I have recently got out of prison in Florida and I am on 3 years probation. My question is
Can I sue a telemarketer for calling my personal cellphone?  Can I sue a telemarketer for calling my personal cellphone?
How do I file a civil law suit? How do I file a civil law suit?
If I'm doing work for someone and keep adding work under one fee
When a person is fired from a job does employer have to give them check in letter of separation immediately  In Georgia 
Question regarding creating a website specialized on customized model papers? I want to create a website specialized on customized model papers for students that should be used as samples and sources of information for creating own academic writings. I assume that some students might attempt to submit such works to schools even so they are strictly for research purposes; how do I avoid/trace that? Can I actually create a service like this; is it legal in every state
Question regarding franchisee agreement with protected territory under a different trademark? My franchisee agreement clearly states that the Franchisor shall not establish any other BUSINESS in the protected territory under a different trademark.  They are starting up a Bricks 4 BIZ (B4B) that will allow franchisee to do business as B4B with no territory restrictions.  The business would be the same models for classes and camps.  What should I do???
 How to set up a llc?
How long does it take for credit scores to update after 2 major collections are deleted? How long does it take for credit scores to update after 2 major collections are deleted?
Can a collection agent take money from a checking account it you add a person that has debt? Can a collection agent take money from a checking account it you add a person that has debt?
What to do if I bought new car & was told interest rate was low and then after signing saw that it was higher? What to do if I bought new car & was told interest rate was low and then after signing saw that it was higher?
What kind of insurance is needed to protect the club from any liability due to the usage of equipments? A 32
Can a police force contact a defendant without notifying the defendants lawyer first? Can a police force contact a defendant without notifying the defendants lawyer first?
Question regarding dwis? i have been pulled over twice for dwis and both times they were written for 1 offense. Does this mean the same as 2nd or subsequent offense?
Can I postpone probation revacation to hire a lawyer? can I postpone probation revacation to hire a lawyer?
If I cash the check in January
If the larger business rent from files bankruptcy does that void my rental agreement?   I own a small business that rents a area inside a larger company.  If the larger business rent from files bankruptcy does that void my rental agreement?
Can original conditions of contract be changed without notification?  I co-signed on a personal loan for my son and his wife. The condition was that the payment would be automatically taken from their checking account every month. The loan officer was a friend of theirs and when they asked her to stop taking from account she did and now the company is coming after me for the payments as they have stopped payments. My question is
Any way to break a lease? I have to return to my country due to family emergency. My father is dying and I must take care of him. I still have a lease and my landlord wont let me break it. Is there a way out of this lease due to family emergency?
How can I help my sister from Guatemala become a U.S. resident when I'm a citizen myself? I'm a U.S. citizen and I turned 21 last month. I have a sister in Guatemala and I wanted to know how I can help her become a U.S Resident?
Can a hospital turn me over to a collection agency or charge me interest if l make monthly payments? Can a hospital turn me over to a collection agency or charge me interest if l make monthly payments to them?
What if my borrower won't sign a promissory note? What if my borrower won't sign a promissory note?
What are the elements of a contract
How long after turning in a leased car can the leasing company legally tell you that there was damage? In Pennsylvania...Can you tell me how long after turning in a leased car can the leasing company legally tell you that there was damage to the car and you have to pay for it? Like is there a 30 day time period by law that they have to contact you by?
Question regarding a scam on trading cars? i traded a very good car (92 jag) for what i thought was another good car (91 Nissan). He wrote on the bill of sale as is. When we left the car was shaking and feels like its falling apart. i want to trade back but the guy said there's no way I'm getting my car back and said hes wiling to go to court whenever. i have a feeling he has done this before and knows what hes doing. is it worth going to court or will he probably win?
Legal to own a performing business and put a benefit concert without a permit? I own a performing business
How will a misdemeanor affect my immigration status? Hi Neeta
Question about applying for my wife's papers? I applied for my wife's papers. I'm a U.S. citizen and she had her appointment. To be at the us embassy in Honduras on January 6th 2010
Certain amount of time that can pass for residence papers to get revoked? A friend of mine in Mexico got her residence papers 2 years ago
I adopted two kids and I am a citizen
If I am a citizen and live overseas
Can I sue the manager for telling my personal life to another employee? Can I sue the manager for telling my personal life to another employee?
When being served papers
Is a landlord able to raise my rent if my lease expired and they have accepted 3 months or rent in advance? Is a landlord able to raise my rent if my lease expired and they have accepted 3 months or rent in advance?
Will I lose all rights to the property if mortgage company wants to remove my name from deed? My husband and I are trying to refinance our house (both names on the deed) and the mortgage company is saying they want to remove my name from the deed.  Will I lose all rights to the property?  If so
How can I get money after an accident? How can I get money after an accident?
How many times can you be out of the state as Green Card holder? Hi
how do i start an LLC? how do i start an LLC?
What to do if I bought a Chrysler that I had to return cause I got out the army & couldn't make payment? I bought a Chrysler 300 that I had to return because I got out the army and couldn't make the payment. On my way there the engine broke. He took the car back and gave me a letter saying he was going to fix it and sell it. I owed him the car was around $11
Can i take my plea back if i haven't been sentenced yet on my drug case? Can i take my plea back if i haven't been sentenced yet on my drug case?
Question regarding my mom's visiting visa as she has 10 year multiple entry visa? Dear Sir
Lawyer that will assist me in a claim against KFC and JRN Inc? I'm trying to find a lawyer that will assist me in a claim against KFC and JRN Inc.. I was a food service director for 6 years and I was fired for a lie that has only one witness how was a member of the team that said I was a manager against company policy. I have people that are willing to tell that the company was out to get rid of me for a cheaper more softer replacement.Thanks Dexter
Can the government take the money away from my son who is legally blind after I pass away? My son is 27. He collects ssi for being legally blind. If I leave him money when i pass away can the gov. take it?
Can an online loan company take me to court and sue me? Can an online loan company take me to court and sue me?
Can a company sue you while you are part of a class action suit? Can a company sue you while you are part of a class action suit?
What is the statue of limitation on uninsured credit card debt in Florida? What is the statue of limitation on uninsured credit card debt in Florida?
On credit card debt what statute of limitations do you use when your card issuer is in a different state? on credit card debt what statute of limitations do you use when your card issuer is in a different state?
Does the Statute of limitations on credit cards begin with last purchase or last payment date? Does the Statute of limitations on credit cards begin with last purchase or last payment date?
If I hire an assistant sometimes as a photographer
I was renting a room and there was a fire that started in laundry room in middle of night. Now I am homeless without any of my things my wallet and phone; everything burnt up. What can I do?
 How do you remove a paid tax lien from your credit file?
Do I give the money back if hospital deposited an over payment into my account by mistake & want it back? A hospital deposited an over payment into my account by mistake and now they want it back. Do I have to give it back?
What forms to file in Superior court against a Quiet title
What permissions do I need to use part of a book's title and artwork for a restaurant name/theme? What permissions do I need to use part of a book's title and artwork for a restaurant name/theme?
Do I have to sign the lien release? On 10/16/12 I took out a loan with a Finance company. This loan was going to be a secured- creating a 2nd lien on my car. On 10/16/12
How to get arrest record expunged? How to get arrest record expunged? No charges were filed against me case was over 4 years ago.
Do I have to notify the friend of the court of my remarriage and new pregnancy? Do I have to notify the friend of the court of my remarriage and new pregnancy?
As social networking platforms are global
how to get Eb2 GC? how to get Eb2 GC?
If I'm filling out the deferred act app myself
should a personal appraiser use the term etc in pricing a group of personal items? Would or should a personal appraiser use the term etc in pricing a group of personal items from inside my parents home? Example- 4 pictures accent table
If I die will my wife of 3 years be entitled to everything?  If I die will my wife of 3 years be entitled to everything?
Can I sue my ex employer if they fired me and don't wanna pay me the days I've worked? Can I sue my ex employer if they fired me and don't wanna pay me the days I've worked?
can i sue a hotel if i am assaulted on the property? can i sue a hotel if i am assaulted on the property?
Is there a law against terminating an employee who is under doctor's care? Is there a law against terminating an employee who is under doctor's care?
Can I represent myself in bankruptcy court? I own company
Is it possible to have to separate lawyers working on a personal injury case? Is it possible to have to separate lawyers working on a personal injury case?
Can a company charge me shipping and handling without me ever giving them my credit card? Can a company charge me shipping and handling without me ever giving them my credit card?
Can my mother get my child after i lose my fights to the state? Can my mother get my child after i lose my fights to the state?
If a nurse gave my son the wrong meds do I have a lawsuit? If a nurse gave my son the wrong meds do I have a lawsuit?
What to do if I was terminated from My job for no reason? What to do if I was terminated from My job for no reason?
What to do if my ex wife will not let me see or talk to my children? What to do if my ex wife will not let me see or talk to my children and the friend of court won't do anything?
If my husband and I sold a house and want to give to my daughter through me
If my husband is in a jail does he have any rights if I have been a victim of crime? If my husband is in a jail does he have any rights if I have been a victim of crime?
Do I need a lawyer to correct my minute order or can a sergeant in prison fix it? Do I need a lawyer to correct my minute order or can a sergeant in prison fix it?
Is there a statue of limitations on a felony warrant on forgery from the year of 2006 in ND? Is there a statue of limitations on a felony warrant on forgery from the year of 2006 in the state of North Dakota?
Can you withdraw a plea after sentencing? Can you withdraw a plea after sentencing?
How to get my criminal record expunged so I can get a job? Hello Im trying to get my criminal record expunged so I can get a job.
If walmart fines me for shoplifting
On a court docket
 What is lawful when it comes to a DEA providing the discovery of the incident to all attorneys and other important peoples?
Can points from cases older than ten years be used on current conviction sentencing? Can points from cases older than ten years be used on current conviction sentencing?
What is the time frame to be charged for misdemeanor hit and run? What is the time frame to be charged for misdemeanor hit and run (non injury)
Can a prosecutor still ask for protective custody after pre-trial even though defendant was? Can a prosecutor still ask for protective custody after pre-trial even though the defendant was OR by the commissioner after arraignment?  (California)
If I got a ride from someone & we got pulled over
Who owns ashes? Who owns ashes?
 Can I get sued if i hyphenate my child's last name?
Can an employer terminate a contract with an employee without cause
Can you sue if a bartender that is not on duty verbally abuses you & throws you out of a bar?  can you sue if a bartender that is not on duty verbally abuses you & throws you out of a bar?
 What is the legal code called in Virginia that allows my Mom to gift me her property?
Can I sue someone that gave a bad job reference to a prospective employer? Can I sue someone that gave a bad job reference to a prospective employer?
If a person bent down to pick up an object close to you and your dog bite the person can they sue you? If a person bent down to pick up an object close to you and your dog bite the person can they sue you?
 What are laws of current employee slandering you for a new job?
Can my stepfather legally restrict me access to a house he owns where my mother lives with him? Can my stepfather legally restrict me (son and over 18) access to a house he owns where my mother lives with him? She wants me to have access and wants to see me. The house is in California and it is the primary residence.
Can i get emancipated at 16? can i get emancipated at 16?
is a contract legal without the company's signature and the work been done? is a contract legal without the company's signature and the work been done?
Legal if my employer requires their employees to live in the county they are located? My employer requires their employees to live in the county they are located. This is a Health Care facility. Is this lgel?
If I get out of the military in 30 days
can you stop child support when mother moves kids to another state? can you stop child support when mother moves kids to another state?
What is the procedure of obtaining a motion of discovery in North Carolina? What is the procedure of obtaining a motion of discovery in North Carolina?
If I have received a judicial bypass from the judge
Can a high school teacher get sued by making insult statements to a student in front of everyone? Can a high school teacher get sued by making insult statements to a student in front of everyone?
 Can a husband give his wife a gift of money that can be tax free?
Do I have to stop receiving child support because I have a child? Do I have to stop receiving child support because I have a child?
What should we do if my pregnant girlfriend is 17 and  we haven't don't get married yet? My girlfriend is 17 and she is pregnant we don't get married yet what should we do now?
Criminal or civil matter if a liquor store overpaid me when cashing my paycheck and want it back? I went to the liquor store to cash my paycheck and they overpaid me on the amount and now want the money back? Is this criminal or civil matter?
What to do if I work for USPS and I am on probation and i was give an ultimatum to quit or be fired?  I work for USPS. I am on probation and i was give an ultimatum to quit or be fired.
Can I sue the court if I am fighting a felony 2nd degree conspiracy charge but never was convicted?  Can I sue the court system if I am fighting a felony 2nd degree conspiracy charge but never was convicted and I lost a new job because it came up on my background check although I never pleaded guilty to the case and it is still pending?
Can you sell a company if a civil suit is pending? Can you sell a company if a civil suit is pending?
How do i break my lease? How do i break my lease?
If you are given a raise at a job and move and ask to transfer can they take your raise back?  If you are given a raise at a job and move and ask to transfer can they take your raise back?
Can you sue a company if you can't sue  one of their customers using their service for harassment? Can you sue a company if you can't sue  one of their customers using their service for harassment?
Can i move out of state with my daughter and start custody over there? Can i move out of state with my daughter and start custody over there?
How long does one county have to pick you up from another county? how long does one county have to pick you up from another county?
Legal for a courthouse clerk to run backgrounds on whoever she wants even people non-related to work? I was wondering if it is legal for a courthouse clerk to run back grounds on whoever she wants
Legal that any company use a TV to watch the employees their activities during the working hours? It is legal that any company or employer use a TV system to watch the employees their activities during the working hours?
If the paralegal said one thing and the attorney on my case said another who should I believe? If the paralegal said one thing and the attorney on my case said another who should I believe?
As a renter
Does my ex have the right to leave state with my son? Does my ex have the right to leave state with my son?
Does my mother own the house if she put it in my name but moved out into assisted living? My mother put house in my name and kept a life estate on house.  She moved out and into assisted living.  Does she own house or do I?
Can i be fired from my job for getting a divorce from my bosses' daughter? Can i be fired from my job for getting a divorce from my bosses' daughter?
What to do if my children were taken away from me? Hello my kids were taken by ocs an I need a lawyer by Monday. Please help me as nobody else will.
Can a person be charged with forgery if they signed their own name to something but made it not legible? Can a person be charged with forgery if they signed their own name to something but just made it not legible?
Can I fire my court appointed lawyer at any given time? Can I fire my court appointed lawyer at any given time?
What can I do when I've got money taken out of my pay check for health ins. & no card to prove coverage? What can I do when I've got money taken out of my pay check for health ins. and have no card to prove coverage? I've told employer twice and still no card and have paid in $283.92 for the coverage and still no card. What can I do?
Can my employer ban cell phones at work without giving access to a landline for emergencies?  Can my employer ban cell phones at work without giving access to a landline for emergencies? They told us we can't have our cell phones
If i have no money for a lawyer
Am I able to get my inheritance back if my father took it on me when I was a minor? Am I able to get my inheritance back if my father took it on me when I was a minor?
Conflict of interest for a defense attorney to spend recreational time with a witness for the prosecution? Is it a conflict of interest for a defense attorney to spend recreational time with a witness for the prosecution in a criminal indictment case?
Can a parent company sue employee of subsidiary? Can a parent company sue employee of subsidiary? if so
How can I collect a refund from a contractor who was overpaid?  How can I collect a refund from a contractor who was overpaid? He knows it and I have sent copies of the invoices and checks with the items marked
Can I go to jail for not paying outstanding legal fee based on my inability to pay these out standing cost? Can I go to jail for not paying outstanding legal fee based on my inability to pay these out standing cost?
If you're 15 & charged with grand theft auto but intended to return it is there possible jail time? If you're 15 years of age and were charged with grand theft auto but intended to return the vehicle is there possible jail time?
If my son had a medical procedure 8 years ago  in state of Missouri
How long can an employer keep someone in a temporary supervisor position? How long can an employer keep someone in a temporary supervisor position?
 Can a post prenup agreement be signed once a business is opened?
What steps do i take to pursue criminal and civil damages along with getting the vehicle back? I am the agent for the sale of my mom's rv. She is deceased no for 2 years and the buyer has not made a payment since then. He has been sent the final letter and he still refuses to pay and he is unlawfully hiding the vehicle. What steps do i take to pursue criminal and civil damages along with getting the vehicle back?
Legal to have to touch customers if my company is requiring each cashier to shake hands with veterans? If my company is requiring each cashier to shake hands with veterans
Can a government own daycare make a teacher eat the food they serve the kids? Can a government own daycare make a teacher eat the food they serve the kids?
What to do if I had a song of mine placed in a movie and they got the title wrong in the credits? What to do if I had a song of mine placed in a movie and they got the title wrong in the credits?
Can my husband come home if his wife is real sick and he got a 10 year ban? Can my husband come home if his wife is real sick and he got a 10 year ban?
What to do if I get migraines when I drink coke but I can't stop drinking it because it's to addicting?  What to do if I get migraines when I drink coke but I can't stop drinking it because it's to addicting?
how many days in a row am I legally allowed to work before it becomes overtime pay? how many days in a row am I legally allowed to work before it becomes overtime pay?
What are the parental rights in the state of PA? What are the parental rights in the state of PA?
Is trespassing a felony or misdemeanor in Michigan? Is trespassing a felony or misdemeanor in Michigan?
if you inherit money before you get a divorce is the partner entitled to any of it? if you inherit money before you get a divorce is the partner entitled to any of it?
What are the rules for common law marriage in Alabama? What are the rules for common law marriage in Alabama?
if dates on a contract are not the same on the first page as the last
Is the City Legally bound to notify the public via sign when they tar and chip a road surface?  Is the City or Township Legally bound to notify the public via sign when they tar and chip a road surface? if so
Do proprietary rights granted a lessor of a land use permit carry obligations to protect the land use? Do proprietary rights granted a lessor of a land use permit carry obligations of the lessor to protect the land use permit?
Illegal in California for a company to not go off your actual hours but rounded off hours? Is it illegal in California for a company to not go off your actual hours but rounded off hours?
If an employer does not apply an attendance policy to all employees is it still misconduct if I was terminated? If an employer does not apply an attendance policy to all employees is it still misconduct if I was terminated in Nevada?
Is it a lawsuit if you had bedbugs for 6 months and I keep informing my landlord that we have bedbugs? Is it a lawsuit if you had bedbugs for 6 months and I keep informing my landlord that we have bedbugs and he still hasn't did anything about it?
What is the dead lien for appeal after judgement? What is the dead lien for appeal after judgement?
Does an employee have any legal avenues when threatened w/ termination based on evaluation? Does an employee has any legal avenues when threatened w/ termination based on inconsistent evaluation by a supervisor?
How is my ex not letting me see my kids when leaving state with a court order?  How is my ex not letting me see my kids when leaving state with a court order? She can't and no one will do anything about it.
What can I legally do if I am 18 and receiving daily harassment from a 9 And 11 year old? What can I legally do if I am 18 and receiving daily harassment from a 9 And 11 year old?
How to get a no contact order dropped and why it was placed in the first place? How to get a no contact order dropped and why it was placed in the first place?
Will a power of attorney notarized in the Philippines be valid in California? Will a power of attorney notarized in the Philippines be valid in California?
If a collection agency fails to complete their contract with me
If I stole $4000 over a 1 year period from the store I worked in what is the jail time if charges are pressed? If I stole $4000 over a 1 year period from the store I worked in what is the jail time if charges are pressed and I am convicted?
Question regarding living in GA and having an LLC opened? I live in Georgia and have an LLC opened. There is a Patent Application in the LLC
if my boss discussed me seeing a therapist with another employee is that against employee rights? If my boss discussed me seeing a therapist with another employee while I'm on fmla is that against employee rights?
Can an attorney place a gag order on the plaintiffs to stop them from sharing their story with the media? Can an attorney place a gag order on the plaintiffs to stop them from sharing their story with the media?  How long can this gag order last?  I live in Idaho!  Thanks
Can I file divorce without the defendant's social security number
What do I need to start with when I have an intellectual idea that I would like to patent? What do I need to start with when I have an intellectual idea that I would like to patent?
How do i come about getting someone to look at my contract? How do i come about getting someone to look at my contract?
If a person is sent home cause of a malfunction
Can my landlord tell me to find other place cause I asked him to fix heater burner and didn't? Can my landlord tell me to find other place cause I asked him to fix heater burner on electric stove shower toilet that cannot flush mold and mildew all that I had NOTHING to do with? And I just move in last month and I just found out from a neighbor that I have sex offenders living in the apartment community. He never told me and I have kids.
In which state do i need to file the garnishment in and how do i get the garnishment forms? I need to garnish my husbands pay because he wont pay his alimony. I live in Montana and he lives in Washington. In which state do i need to file the garnishment in and how do i get the garnishment forms?
If I have a state hearing for a proposed increase in child support due to arrears
What to do when I was advised by attorney as it was okay to pawn guns but yet I was charged with Theft? What can I do when I was advised by an attorney as it was okay to pawn some guns but yet I was charged with Theft 1?
Do I need a lawyer if I was caught with .5 oz of drugs in Livingston county
Can a landlord in CA issue a 3-day notice for not paying the water bill? Can a landlord in CA issue a 3-day notice for not paying the water bill?
How can I re-enter the country if I had self deported myself due to drug related issues? I want to come to the states but i had self deported myself due to drug related issues. How can I enter the country?
Is nepotism illegal in the workplace? Is nepotism illegal in the workplace?
what will happen if i am an accomplice to embezzling? what will happen if i am an accomplice to embezzling?
Can a child be interrogated at school about living in district of school without parents being present? Can a child be interrogated at school about living in district of school without parents being present?
Is a residential lease valid if it breaks zoning and land use laws?  Is a residential lease valid if it breaks zoning and land use laws?
Am I required to show personal identification to a police officer in the state of Minnesota if asked? Am I required to show personal identification to a police officer in the state of Minnesota if asked?
How valid is a verbal contract? how valid is a verbal contract?
Can a lawyer hold your child support as payment for legal fees? Can a lawyer hold your child support as payment for legal fees?
Do i have to write a police report at work for harassment? Do i have to write a police report at work for harassment?
If I have a POA  signed in two colors ink
Can I hold a drawing for a physical prize if I don't charge for entry?  Can I hold a drawing for a physical prize if I don't charge for entry?
If I was caught with a stolen credit card but I did not use it
 If a display refrigerator is the only one available can the buyer demand the display model?
How do I protect myself from non-disclosed charges for work not anticipated by the contractor? How do I protect myself from unexpected or non-disclosed charges for work not anticipated by the contractor on my home repairs
How can I protect myself so that the company does not simply steal my idea? I have a business proposal I want to present to a major corp.  How can I protect myself so that the company does not simply steal my idea?
If my nephew was suspended from school and the program he is in doesn't allow that
What rights do i have as I am a 12-year employee of a small business & need time off for a kidney transplant? What rights do i have as I am a twelve year employee of a small business and i need time off for a kidney transplant? What can i do about pay?
 If my employer just asked for the password to my company email
Is it legal for someone collecting ssi to have a rental property and only accept cash as payment? Is it legal for someone collecting ssi to have a rental property and only accept cash as payment?
Can an employer legally force you to work in two different facilities than where I sign up for? Can an employer legally force you to work in two different facilities than where I sign up for?
How do i get my kids' father locked up? How do i get my kids' father locked up?
Does a mother have to testify against her son? Does a mother have to testify against her son?
How long after a car accident do you have to initially claim an injury? How long after a car accident do you have to initially claim an injury??
Can a landlord enter my apt without a notice to enter? i live in Wisconsin and i was wondering if a landlord could enter my apt without a notice to enter?
What is the statute of limitations for a wrongful death case in CO? What is the statute of limitations for a wrongful death case in CO?
What to do if I have an order in CA but my babies' daddy moved out of state & I haven't received it? I have an order in CA but my babies' daddy moved out of state N.C. and I haven't received a full payment in years.
How much notice do I have to receive to start charging me rent if I used to live rent free? I live in state of new york and currently living rent free. How much notice do I have to receive to start charging me rent?
 If my company has lost some of the employees' personal files  that are confidential can they sue the company?
If my annual salary is more than my son's dad does he have to still give child support? If my annual salary is more than my son's dad does he have to still give child support?
Does the wife get the house if the husband is caught cheating after 13 years of marriage? Does the wife get the house if the husband is caught cheating after 13 years of marriage?
Can I file a lien on a property if the leasee hired me to do work and has not paid? Can I file a lien on a property if the leasee hired me to do work and has not paid? Do I file the lien on the building
Should I as a renter be responsible for window being broken by some person I don't know that threw a rock? Should I as a renter be responsible for window being broken by some person I don't know that threw a rock or something at it?  Should I have to pay for it?
Should an owners wife be the VP of human resources and is it a conflict of interest?  should an owners wife be the VP of human resources and is it a conflict of interest?
 Is it legal for the assistant director of nursing to fire an employee?
What is the bare minimum percentage that child support starts at?   What is the bare minimum percentage that child support starts at when it's based on a $100
 Do I need a lawyer for using another person's ID and false info?
How do you know if your lawyer is not working for you
If I was in an auto accident can i file a lawsuit against the company even if it is an LLC? If I was in an auto accident can i file a lawsuit against the company even if it is an LLC?
An option if I want to adopt adult step-child in Arkansas as I would prefer to do the filings myself? I want to adopt adult step-child in Arkansas as I would prefer to do the filings myself. Is this even an option?
Is there anyway i can sue the father for back child support or get benefits cause he was in the Military? I take a DNA test this past July and he's my father. Is there anyway i can sue him for back child support or get some type of benefits because he was in the Military???
Question regarding a legitimate legally binding rental agreement? Does this qualify as a legitimate
Am I responsible for a legally married gay couple but live apart wife did IVF? Am I responsible for a legally married gay couple but live apart wife did IVF?
Can they charge someone for domestic violence if the victim said it never happened? Can they charge someone for a domestic violence if the victim said it never happened?
Is a contract legal if only one person signs? Is a contract legal if only one person signs? If a car contract only has a stamp of the dealership is this legal?
What happens when an employer violates the privacy law? What happens when and employer violates the privacy law?  My employer told other employees what my wages were.  what rights do i have and do i have a case?
Best approach if you were married in CA and moved to CO but now want a divorce and moving back to CA? If you were married in CA and moved to CO but now want a divorce and moving back to CA
If i am working from a ladder in the state of Maine and fell is the home owner responsible? If i am working from a ladder in the state of Maine and fell is the home owner responsible?
 Can a person use child support money to open several businesses?
Can I have documents subpoena for evidence in a pretrial hearing? Can I have documents subpoena for evidence in a pretrial hearing?
How do i stop the county jail from abusing my husband? How do i stop the county jail from abusing my husband?
Can I get arrested if I never received my diploma but put it on my resume for a job? If I never received a real high school diploma and had it on my resume that I did and was hired for the position and  signed all the paperwork can I get arrested?
 If I am paying child support do I have to pay additional daycare expense?
Can my father sue me and win if he signed over his house to me and wants it back? My father signed over his house to me. He now wants it back. Can he sue me and win?
If I was injured in a car accident in Chicago
If I'm currently 17 years old
If I signed a membership contract 2 days ago and I do not won't it now how do I get out of it with no fees? If I signed a membership contract 2 days ago and I do not won't it now how do I get out of it with no fees?
Can a spinal tap be requested of the mother in a child custody case in Alabama to verify drug use? Can a spinal tap be requested of the mother in a child custody case in Alabama to verify drug use?
Can a former employer demand paid wages be returned if the employee was overpaid? Can a former employer demand paid wages be returned if the employer thinks the employee was overpaid?
Is it illegal to file my son's unemployment for him while he's in jail waiting to be sentenced for a DUI? Is it illegal to file my son's unemployment for him while he's in jail waiting to be sentenced for a DUI?
 Can i sue the bar owner after getting sucker punched in his bar?
Can my ex boyfriend sue me for doing work in my house while he lived here? Can my ex boyfriend sue me for doing work in my house while he lived here?
If my son broke his ankle jumping on a trampoline at friend's house
Can a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure clear the Title on a clouded title? Can a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure clear the Title on a clouded title?
How much % of a contract final payment can the consumer withhold if there is a dispute? How much % of a contract final payment can the consumer withhold if there is a dispute? the work has been completed yet the homeowner is with holding 50% of the total amount of the contract.
Can I get child support if my husband left me for another woman and we have a child? My husband left me for another woman and we have a daughter together and I was wondering if I could get child support or alimony?
If I committed a felony as a minor & never put on record
Legal way to take youtube video and post  them on my paid website and I make money from companies? Is it a legal way to take youtube video and post  them on my paid website and I make money from (other) companies who would like to advertise on my webpage?
Who owns all rights to the work if I photograph for a hospital in my home town & I charge by the hour? I photograph for a hospital in my home town. I charge by the hour.  Who owns all rights to the work?
What's the min and max my dad committed for arm robbery and has two aggravated assault charges? My dad committed arm robbery and has two aggravated assault charges. He's never been locked up. What's the min and max he could get?
Am I held to an employment agreement if I was fired after 6 months and was fired without merit? I signed a Georgia employment agreement. I was fired after six months. I feel the firing was without merit.  Am I held to this agreement?
How to tell if you are being scammed from Russia? How to tell if you are being scammed from Russia?
Legal if I'm working for an employer where we work 6 days a week 10-120 hours a day with no overtime? I am working for an employer where we work 6 days a week 10-120 hours a day with no overtime. Is this legal?
How does it work if I'm 21 and my father lives in Mexico and wants me to help him become a citizen? I'm 21 years old and my father lives in Mexico and wants me to help him become a citizen. How does that work?
Can you beat the statue if the hospital just informed you they may have been negligent for your injury? Can you beat the statue if the hospital just informed you they may have been negligent for your injury?
Is being shoved by a door physical abuse? Is being shoved by a door physical abuse? Is it against the law?
what are my rights as a renter? what are my rights as a renter?
How can an alien get out on bond with cocaine charges? How can an alien get out on bond with cocaine charges?
Can a person who has power of attorney sell the person's property if she becomes incapacitated? Can a person who has power of attorney sell the person's property if she becomes incapacitated?
What are my rights if I slipped on water on the floor and I've been out of work for a week? What are my rights if I slipped on water on the floor and I've been out of work for a week with no money coming in?
What is the proper way to serve someone in California? What is the proper way to serve someone in California?
When I obtain asylum
 Does the lemon law apply in Michigan for vehicles?
Does my 11-year-old daughter have to see her dad when she doesn't want to? Does my 11-year-old daughter have to see her dad when she doesn't want to? He has never been consistent on the time spent with her
Can a son or daughter of the estate act as a co- administrator from another state? Can a son or daughter of the estate act as a co- administrator from another state?
How easy is it to remove a trustee from their position? How easy is it to remove a trustee from their position?
terminated restaurant employee have the right to have copies of the documentation in their personnel file? Does a terminated restaurant employee have the right to have copies of the documentation in their personnel file in the state of Ohio?
Can a non-violent convicted felon obtain a pistol permit in new york state and if so how?  Can a non-violent convicted felon obtain a pistol permit in New York state and if so how?
Can a creditor garnish social security checks for default on credit card debt? Can a creditor garnish social security checks for default on credit card debt?
Can the company discriminate against works who want to keep their health info private? The company I work for makes me pay more for my health care premiums because I won't give my private personal health info to a third party. Can the company discriminate against works who want to keep their health info private?
Can I sue a person for reporting a phone that i paid for lost or stolen? Can I sue a person for reporting a phone that i paid for lost or stolen?
Can bounty hunters cross state lines on a misdemeanor? Can bounty hunters cross state lines on a misdemeanor?
is it legal to rent a room without a window and call it a bedroom? is it legal to rent a room without a window and call it a bedroom?
If I live in NY and the father of my children moves to Alaska can you collect child support from them? If I live in NY and the father of my children moves to Alaska can you collect child support from them?
Is an unsigned employment application a legal document?  Is an unsigned employment application a legal document?  I applied for a job
Can my boss not pay me overtime? Can my boss not pay me overtime?
During a divorce if the woman has no job
If in the past I used an attorney would it be a conflict of interest for husband to retain him for a divorce? If in the past I used an attorney would it be a conflict of interest for my new husband to retain him for a divorce now?
Is it legal to create merchandise such as bracelets that contain a celebrity's name? Is it legal to create merchandise such as bracelets that contain a celebrity's name? My teenage daughter wants to do this. We live in Michigan.
Do I file the papers if I live in Georgia or Alabama where my children live? i live in Georgia and my children live in Alabama. I am filling out the forms from Alabama for change of child support. Do I file the papers in Georgia or Alabama?
If I resign from my job and give a 60 day notice
Can i be arrested for a pay day Loan debt in the city of Philadelphia by allied litigation group? Can i be arrested for a pay day Loan debt in the city of Philadelphia by allied litigation group?
 We need someone to review an LLC agreement?
If your tenant moves out without giving a notice
Is it easy for a 16 year old to be emancipated in MI?  Is it easy for a 16 year old to be emancipated in MI? She has no job & goes to HS.
If minors trashed my house through a party
 Do I have to pay for a new carpet after living at an apartment for 3 years?
What to do if MD garnished my SS benefits for supposed food stamps I never received? The state of maryland has garnished my SS benefits for supposed food stamps I never
Does a principal have a right to question a child on video to find out if there are problems at home? Does a principal have a right to question a child on video to find out if there are problems at home?
After a vehicle accident  should I release my policy limits to the other parties attorney? After a vehicle accident  should I release my policy limits to the other parties attorney?
What is the definition of a joint bank account as it relates to ownership to withdraw by each individual? What is the definition of a joint bank accountas it relates to ownership and ability to withdraw from it  by each individual?
Can I get in trouble for still moving with child even after notarized consent and new visitation schedule? Me and my ex signed and notarized a paper stating that me and our child can move to AZ. from CA. because I have a good job waiting for me and a house and family. All of which we don't have here. I couldn't get the notarized request to the judge because my ex has a sanction for not going to the last court date. Can I get in trouble for still moving with child even though we signed and notarized consent and new visitation schedule?
If there is shared custody must the father still provide the mother with child support? If there is shared custody must the father still provide the mother with child support?
Can I go to jail if my child refuses to see the other parent if it was court ordered? Can I go to jail if my child refuses to see the other parent if it was court ordered?
Are there laws protecting the elderly from an used car purchase that should not have been permitted? Are there laws protecting the elderly from an used car purchase that should not have been permitted?
As an agent of a marketing company
Do I still have a chance to stay in the home if I'm a few days late going to fight the unlawful detainer? Do I still have a chance to stay in the home if I'm a few days late going to fight the unlawful detainer?
Under what circumstances can one sue for slander?  Under what circumstances can one sue for slander? Loss of wages/ loss of job? Can they sue the organization? the individual?
What to do if tenant stopped paying rent and never signed lease? What to do if tenant stopped paying rent and never signed lease?
 What are The requirements For employers and full time work Obligations?
Can an employer legally take taxes out of my check if I haven't signed nor filled out any of the paperwork? In Al. can an employer legally take taxes out of my check if I haven't signed nor filled out any of the paperwork?
What's the best way to pay child support if there is no order in place?  What's the best way to pay child support if there is no order in place? I want to get credit for payments until there is an order in place.
What to do if I would like to change my son's last name? What to do if I would like to change my son's last name?
Can I sue a cosigner for no payments of a line of credit? Can I sue a cosigner for no payments of a line of credit?
What to do if i got a car at a car dealer and it doesn't work anymore?  What to do if i got a car at a car dealer and it doesn't work anymore? After 3 months it stopped working.
Tips to prepare for an appeal of umemployment disqualification when up against large corporation? What are some tips to prepare for an appeal of umemployment insurance disqualification when up against large corporate attorney
Can my sister get my custody even if she's illegal? Can my sister get my custody even if she's illegal?
Can i stop my children's great grandmother from going to my wife's supervised visit? Can i stop my children's great grandmother from going to my wife's supervised visit?
Can the new landlord make me pay another deposit?  can the new landlord make me pay another deposit? I live in Pasadena Ca.
How can I work legally if I'm f2 visa holder and I found work in a restaurant? How can I work legally if I'm f2 visa holder and I found work in a restaurant?
After a demand letter failed to get a response what's the next step? After a demand letter failed to get a response what's the next step?
Is it legal to sell AMC gold experience tickets on streets? Is it legal to sell AMC gold experience tickets on streets?
Can parole (not probation) in Wisconsin be extended due to unpaid restitution? Can parole (not probation) in Wisconsin be extended due to unpaid restitution? My understanding is that extending someone's parole would be in fact re-sentencing the individual. I ask this because my parole officer told me that my parole would be extended if I didn't finish paying my restitution and that it would be extended till the restitution is paid. I thought that since my parole is in fact serving the rest of my prison sentence in the community
What legal action can be taken from information acquired through text messages by authorities?  What legal action can be taken from information acquired through text messages by authorities? And what repercussions may occur as a result of declining to be interviewed regarding drug related charges due to these messages?
If my mom's mobile home is not paid off at the time of her death
Can a new word that defines a concept be protected so the creator is compensated for it's use?   Can a new word that defines a concept be protected so the creator is compensated for it's use?  Used
As a non-custodial parent do I have rights to see the child regardless of child support obligations? As a non-custodial parent do I have rights to see the child regardless of child support obligations?
If house guests leave their child alone for an hour is the home owner responsible in Minnesota? If house guests leave their child alone for an hour is the home owner responsible in Minnesota?
Do any circumstances exists whereby a partner can be held accountable for criminal acts of a partner? Do any circumstances exists whereby a partner can be held accountable for criminal acts of a partner?
Does a church have the right to remove a member if the member got raped at her home?  Does a church have the right to remove a member if the member got raped at her home? They claimed the member had committed adultery.
How many breaks am I entitled to in an 8-hour work day? I work in a warehouse in Montclair
What does legislate from the bench mean?  What does legislate from the bench mean?  Discuss the legal and ethical aspects
Is beating your wife in front of your children considered child abuse? Is beating your wife in front of your children considered child abuse? And what if one of those children is a special needs child with Autism?
Do I have a right to have a copy of any and all paperwork that I sign at the time I sign it? Do I have a right to have a copy of any and all paperwork that I sign at the time I sign it & a copy of my personal file at work?
Is it legal to buy music then re-sell tracks?  Is it legal to buy music then re-sell tracks? Or do i need the record company's ok on it?
If i step in a hole and fall on the ground and fracture my leg is the landowner responsible? If i step in a hole and fall on the ground and fracture my leg is the landowner responsible?
What do I do if my general manager and manager cursed me out & I recorded them cursing me out? What do I do if my general manager and manager cursed me out & I recorded them cursing me out?
In California is support based on net or gross income cause my paperwork wants to know my gross income? In California is support based on net or gross income cause my paperwork wants to know my gross income?
What to do if my credit call company called my job and talked to my boss about my personal business? What to do if my credit call company called my job and talked to my boss about my personal business?
Would I be partially responsible for some of my ex-wife's debt if I'm getting a divorce? i am getting a divorce in the near future and my wife has 40 thousand in credit card debt. Would I be partially responsible for some of this debt?
Can employees get polygraphed for theft after the person got fired? Can employees get polygraphed for theft after the person got fired?
Can a lawyer in NY represent me for child support and divorce in AK? Can a lawyer in NY represent me for child support and divorce in AK?
Does a contractor have the right to repair his work? Does a contractor have the right to repair his work?
If my divorce was final on 7/25/12
Can I file for child support if my son was born in Stockholm
Can you file for a divorce even if the other part doesn't want to sign if we been broken up for 10 months?  Can you file for a divorce even if the other part doesn't want to sign if we been broken up for 10 months? If I do divorce myself will I get a docket number?
What should I do if my employer gives me less than minimum wage
if you're separated for two years is alimony still a possibility? if you're separated for two years is alimony still a possibility?
Need to reduce my monthly alimony payments? Need to reduce my monthly alimony payments?
Legal to make baby blankets and sell them on the internet from a copyright that I bought at Walmart? is it legal to make baby blankets and sell them on the internet from a copyright
Question regarding custody of my new kids? if your rights were terminated once before then 8 years later you have more kids does that mean i can't get custody of my new kids or what?
Is it legal for my mom to spend all my money that my dad left in his will for me & sell stuff he left for me? Is it legal for my mom to spend all my money that my dad left in his will for me and also sell some stuff he left for me? oh plus I'm 13.
 Is my employer required by law to give reason for termination?
Is it legal for an Mcdonald's manager to hit an 18-year-old employee?  Is it legal for an Mcdonald's manager to hit an 18-year-old employee? This is in the state of South Carolina.
Can you be fired from your job without having evidence for what you was accused of doing? Can you be fired from your job without having evidence for what you was accused of doing?
Is it legal to pay under minimum wage in Oklahoma? Is it legal to pay under minimum wage in Oklahoma?
What do I need to do if my wife has temporary green card ends at the end of October (2 years) now? What do I do I need to do if my wife has temporary green card ends at the end of October (2 years) now?
How do I know if I have a claim to sue my employer? How do I know if I have a claim to sue my employer?
Can a karaoke DJ make you buy drinks from the establishment to be able to sing a song? Can a karaoke DJ make you buy drinks from the establishment to be able to sing a song? I DO NOT think the establishment should be able make a profit off of copyright music.
Is calling someone 40 times in one week harassment? Is calling someone 40 times in one week harassment?
If i ask for a review for child support to have it raised can it be lowered even though we have an agreement?  If i ask for a review for child support to have it raised can it be lowered even though we have a aggreement for what hes paying now
What is the legal age for someone in NY state to be put on probation? What is the legal age for someone in NY state to be put on probation?
If my lease agreement doesn't have a termination clause
Can grandparents get custody if parents unfit? What rights do grandparents have in custody of grandchild if parents are not taking proper care of child?
How to get deposit back for car purchase? I purchased a car & I owed them money on 12/09/2011 for my down payment. My car was picked up on 12/12/11 the contract says
Why do I need to pay for September if I'm moving out August 31st because my lease ends?  I have a lease of 9 months ending on September 1st and found a new apartment. I read my lease like 4 months ago and it says give a 60day written notice if you terminate your lease. I went and gave a 30 day notice that I was not signing my lease again and now they are charging me a month to month rate of $1000 because I didn't give a 60day notice that I wasn't signing again. Why do I need to pay for September if I'm moving out august 31st because my lease ends? Is this even legal?? My obligation is up? I'm just not signing again
Can the police grab me in the parking lot then take me in someone elses house an charge me with drugs? Can the police grab me in the parking lot then take me in someone elses house an charge me with drugs found in the house even though the person who's house it is says the drugs are theirs and not mines?
Do protective orders or police reports show up on FBI background check for immigration? Does a permanent protective order or domestic violence police report show up on a FBI background check done for immigration purposes?  I was never  arrested or charged.  I am in the process of obtaining green card. It happened 2 years ago.
Can I sue for time in jail and lost wages? Can i sue a person for time spent in jail and for lost of employment wages?
Friend arrested for being passenger in car where drugs found. My 17 year old friend was arrested in Georgia for being in a passenger in a car in which drugs (2 lbs.) were found from a search by police Aug. 9th
Is it legal to lock the basement? I live in Boston
How to get daughter's family out of house? I have my daughter
If someone gives you a gift
Is wife's harassment protected under 1st Amendment?  I was harassed by my wife after I caught her cheating. After 3 days of calls and text message bragging and boasting about it to me
 Should my supervisor ask my how I filed my taxes?
Do I need attorney for work injury initial hearing? I have a work injury & I was denied recommended surgery. I got a second opinion
Is a process called accepted for value as a way to discharge debt legitimate? Hi
Collection agency after wife for failing to pay gym membership. My wife had a gym membership about five years ago. She signed a two year agreement and she never paid after the first two months. She now has a collection agency after her. What can we do?
Can a parent and child hold joint tenancy of a property w/ right of survivorship? In California
Question about filing H1B petition? Hello Sir
What to do if my ex boss is using my SS and ID to my account and cash and buy clothes? What to do if my ex boss is using my SS and ID to my account and cash and buy clothes?
About child support I'm actually paying child support to my son who lives in Tampa
What does it mean common to both parties? I'm filling out a petition for dissolution of marriage with dependent or minor children and the form asked me to pick an answer and I don't know what it means. It says the minor child common to both parties
Can a single mom (petitioner) already in the court system request a new support magistrate? Family law: can a single mom (petitioner) already in the court system request a new support magistrate? She has become blatantly belligerent in her rulings favoring the respondent (father) since he hired an attorney.
Question regarding my promotion to director at my company? Hello
Can green card application impact student's visa application? I'm a US citizen and plan to help my sister's family for green card
If I received a small tear in my rotary cuff at work
How do I file a lien against a business in CA? How do I file a lien against a business in CA?
Can a request for continuation of child support for college children be enacted? In California can a request for continuation of child support for college children be enacted post divorce if not written in divorce decree?
Can I be held responsible if my mother is in an accident and has Alzheimer's disease? My mother lives with me & has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease but continues to drive her car with her own insurance. Can I be held responsible if she is in an accident even though I have told her not to drive?
Can a school's representative lie to kids to get them to sign up for the school? can a school's representative lie to kids to get them to sign up for the school?
Has my ex broken the law if he took our shared son out of state without telling me? I live in Utah. My ex husband and I have shared custody of our 16 year old. My former husband took my son out of state for vacation without telling me or asking me. has he broken the law and what can I do?
Is there an Aggressive Panhandling law in Massachusetts? Is there an Aggressive Panhandling law in Massachusetts in place and what are the penalties?  Or is this a city ordinance thing  I live in Springfield Ma. and work in the heart of Panhandle area and I'm sick of the violent aggressiveness to solicit.
If someone moves out of your house and left things behind how long do you have to keep them before they legally become yours? If someone moves out of your house and left things behind how long do you have to keep them before they legally become yours?
Can a felon possession charge be dropped to a misdemeanor? Can a felon possession charge be dropped to a misdemeanor?
Is it fair that the manager gives some people the rent higher than others or lower than others? Is it fair that the manager gives some people the rent higher than others or lower than others?
right that a baby stays with his dad overnight for 3 days straight without his mom seeing him those days? Is it right that a 2-month-old baby stays with his dad overnight for 3 days straight without his mom seeing him those 3 days?
How old does the child have to be to decide which parent he/she wants to live with? How old does the child have to be to decide which parent he/she wants to live with?
Is spouse entitled to half of person's inherited home and life insurance? If someone inherits a home and life insurance
Need help suing for defamation of character. Who can I hire to help sue a person for defamation of character?
Startup verbally promised compensation but never paid me. I spent 3 months working for a Silicon Valley startup for no pay. The founder told me I'd be compensated in equity for the time that I worked without salary
I am an independent contractor with a non compete clause in the agreement. I signed this 9 years ago
Is it legal for company to not pay overtime? Can a company that has four locations and employ over 25 people not pay overtime?
If my ex recorded our phone calls without me knowing
Can a company refuse a payment if you are behind and can not pay the full amount? Can a company refuse a payment if you are behind and can not pay the full amount?
Is it illegal to use someone else's beat on a song you made?
If a lease contains an anti assignment clause
What are time limits for filing Title VII employment discrimination? What are the time limits within which a Title VII employment discrimination claim needs to be filed?
How much do we spend for filling divorce if We don't have kids or properties? How much do we spend for filling divorce if We don't have kids or properties?
Can a minor carry a pocket knife? Can I carry a pocket knife if I'm under 18 years old? If so
Is it true that my ex can my child away from me considering we're same sex marriage? My ex and I are filing for divorce. She said she can take my child from me. Is that true considering we're same sex marriage?
After signing a contract
If a professional photographer takes pictures for her own personal use
If one leaves the house before a legal separation
How do I get right to my child that was born while the mother is still married? how do i get right to my child that was born while the mother is still married?
How long after an eviction notice do you have to leave?  I just got an eviction notice stating  that I have 24 hours. My question is
How long after a short sale does the loan company have to come after you for any outstanding balance? How long after a short sale does the loan company have to come after you for any outstanding balance?
Can I break a lease? I recently took my dad out of a nursing home and rented a house based in his income and mine. Unfortunately
Question about clocking in scheduled shifts? My boss requires us to clock in early in order for us to be at our stations for our scheduled shift. He also says we cannot leave our stations until the end of our scheduled shift. To shut down and walk up to the time clock takes about 3-5 minutes. To get our things and open the counter takes about the same. He says we do not get paid for any of the time between clocking in and getting to our stations
I have a company trying to get me to send them $600 to compensate them for a photo our web guy put on our site when it was first designed.  When we received the letter
What is standard percentage for employee option pool? What is a standard percentage to keep available for an employee option pool. Especially when your company has great growth potential in multiple markets?
How do I get my alimony reduced if we were married 15 years and she is currently employed? I was ordered to pay alimony in new Hampshire. I lost my 6 figure job and owe 6 figures in alimony. I have used up my unemployment and took a job making 1/3 of my past salary. How do I get my alimony reduced if we were married 15 years and she is currently employed?
Is there any other way to get my name off the house where my ex lives? My ex lives in our house with my name on it.  he was suppose to refinance but never did.  Now
Whose responsibility would it be to trim the tree on the other person's property? There is a large tree that is on my property and on my side of the fence. This tree has limbs and branches that go over the fence and into the neighbor's yard. we do not want to cut down the tree. Whose responsibility would it be to trim the tree on the other person's property?
Will we be able to apply for US green Card if our child is born in the US? i am a Canadian citizen and my wife is a permanent resident of Canada (Indian Citizen). If our child is born in USA - California
Is my ex allowed to move away from me with the kid? Is my ex allowed to move away from me with the kid?
Is there anything we can do to keep my brother with us since the mother has moved him once every year? My parents have spent the last three years in and out of court and finally got a custody agreement for my little brother who is 9. We have week on week off in the summer and he has to go to a lc daycare but on his mom's weeks he doesn't attend any daycare also furring the school year we get him every other Thurs-Sun and every Tues. His mom is moving him to Santa Barbra which is 3 hrs away. Is there anything we can do to keep him with us
Is there discount applied to convertible debt notes? Is there a typical discount applied to convertible debt notes?
How to find a lawyer to certify documents? I am in need of a lawyer in Michigan to certify and sign some identification documents. But I have no luck in finding one that will do this for me. These documents need to be sent back in the mail to England as soon as possible.
Does my employer have to pay me for my unused PTO when I resign my employment? does my employer have to pay me for my unused PTO when I resign my employment
Can you force an alcoholic to enter treatment even if they are an adult? Can you force an alcoholic to enter treatment even if they are an adult?  A mother of two 2 & 8 persisted on driving the while intoxicated
Can I claim my ex's social security benefits when he retires if we divorce? I'm facing divorce and I am 62 years. Can I claim his social security benefits when he retires. 20 years married.
Can your landlord come on your rental property any time she wants? Can your landlord come on your rental property any time she wants just to look around and see what your doing?
Sale of property with existing lease to 3rd party. I have a farm property for sale with an existing lease for the growing and harvesting of hay.  If sold
Will judge foreclose if father unable to pay house due to car accident? My father has recently got in a car accident and with that done we are trying to press charges but having a hard time to pay the house payments while the suit is going through. He had unemployment until the accident and it doesn't allow him to connect because of the injury
How to officially take over payments for foreclosing house? I found a house I like
What circumstances require releases by video bystanders? I'm working on a startup that will lead to many anonymous bystanders being captured in public on video by third-parties
Can I get an immigration lawyer to write an Invitation Letter on my brother's behalf? Hi! I have a brother living in West Africa
If my son was shot in the eye can I have a lawsuit? If my son was shot in the eye can I have a lawsuit?
Question regarding someone to look over my judgement to  advise me what options I have? I live in San Diego and my ex lives in NJ. He has not paid full alimony in over 4 yrs owes me approx $150K. I have a judgement for enforcement dated 2008 from NJ court. He wants me to sign an agreement to modify the settlement and waive all rights. I am 63 yrs old and he wants to send me $1000/mo for the rest of my life. There are more details. I have called a few lawyers here in San Diego and they tell me I need to speak to a lawyer in NJ. I need to have someone look over my judgement and this agreement to  advise me what  options I have. Do I need to find an attorney in NJ?
What is best structure for spouses who are independent contractors? My wife and I became independent contractors this year (separate lines of work
Do I have to let the father of my son see him? Do I have to let the father of my son see him?
How can I email the father whereas he can respond positively and allow my child to attend school? I live in Hawthorne and I have been seeking a charter school in Torrance for my child to attend in 2 years.  The father usually respond negatively to all my emails. (He says no to everything and only wants it his way). I would like to know how can I email him in the future whereas he can respond positively and allow my child to attend this school?  I believe this school will be beneficial to him whereas he could focus. which would be better than the public school. the father never want to drive. the drive for him would be approximately 17 miles from where he lives.   Please assist me.
What action to take when outsourced employees use company information for other clients? I got some IT work done in India through a friend's company. He's based in Phoenix
Question regarding an employee requesting minimum wage via a California Labor Department claim? One of the early people in my software startup is requesting minimum wage via a California Labor Department claim.  The only contract we had in place was a stock option vesting contract.  He executed his options upon his termination in 2010.  How do I defend myself?
I'm developing an app for the iPhone that will be free. It contains anesthesia information that is cited from a anesthesia textbook. I plan on using this information in the app
Do I have to give my tenant a reason why I am not going to renew their residential lease?
Is there any possibility that my sister can get my daughter?  My sister wants to adopt my daughter until she reaches high school. As soon as she reach college. My daughter will be back here in the Philippines. Is there any possibility that she can get my daughter? Actually my sister is permanent resident in the New Jersey.
How can a father win physical custody of his son? How can a father win physical custody of his son?
How to get joint custody for my children in Las Vegas? How to get joint custody for my children in Las Vegas?
When a parent has all the kids
Can I be deported once divorce is final? I'm married to a US citizen and have permanent residency which expires 2019.  I'm Getting divorced.  Can I be deported once divorce is final?
I would like to copyright a phrase or logo for our company. What is the process?
If my ex only has supervised visits
I just received the final copy of divorce papers
What do I need to marry a Brazilian and how long will do we wait before he is approved for his green card? I'm planning to marry a Brazilian man in December. could you tell me what we need for this and how long will we have to wait before he is approved for his green card?
When do i start paying if I'm putting in a petition to establish paternal relationship with my son? I'm putting in a petition to establish paternal relationship with my son in Orange County
How do I get a fast divorce if my spouse abandoned me a year ago & I have no idea where she is? My spouse abandoned me a year ago. I have no idea where she is and want a fast divorce. How do i get it?
Is there a time limit to legally get out of a contract? Is there a time limit to legally get out of a contract?
Can a person back out of a contract after signing? Can a person back out of a contract after signing?
What is best state to incorporate start-up internet business? I am in the initial phases of starting an online internet marketplace. Lets just say the next EBAY! Most of the seed money would go towards building the site with foreign online workers (elance.com). My goal is to do all paperwork and filings correctly at the start-up phase with aspirations of meeting with venture capitalists in the future. I am currently the only owner and have already started the copyright/trademark process via trademarkia.com. The business will not need to own any property until it survives the start-up phase. Should the start-up be incorporated as a LLC
What are deciding factors in starting special needs charter vs special needs public school? What should be the deciding legal and administrative factors between starting a special needs charter school or a special needs private school?
Is it legal to raise rent for new lease if old lease missing signature? Renewed my 1 yr lease on my apartment in Aug. Yesterday
What form do I have to file in California to obtain pay stubs and income? My ex is taking me to court to reduce child support. I have filed pro per and have asked his attorney for pay stubs which he refuses to give me. what form do I have to file in California to obtain pay stubs and income?
Corporate lease agreement vs. private residence rental agreement. I serve with a non-profit corporation in Arizona.  We are signing a lease on a new building and the owner has asked us to sign lease agreements  as if we are each renting a private residence.  It seems that we should complete a lease agreement based on the corporation
Am I entitled to late father's portion of grandmother's house? My father passed away in 1993. My grandmother passed about 3 years ago. My uncle just sold her house and said that the money was going to be divided up by the other 5 children. Even though my father is dead
I'm being wrongfully evicted and harrassed by my apartment manager. What can I do to fight back legally?
If a couple is married and is separated for 32 years
Can I sue boss for wrongly suspecting me? My boss had his tires cut twice and he told the police he thinks it might be me. I was questioned about this and I had nothing to do with it. Can I go after my boss for throwing my name out?
Is a one year marriage to an illegal citizen legal? Is a one year marriage to an illegal citizen legal?
What recourse do I have to collect the invested monies when the he Managing Member closed it? I invested 100
Do I need a doctor's note for my work?  I just started a new job and went to my doctor during lunch to get a prescription filled. Well another employee told my boss I was getting pain killers for my neck
What rights do the renters have if the landlord passes away and his kids want to sell the property? What rights do the renters have if the landlord passes away and his kids want to sell the property?
Question regarding starting a company with a friend who lived in Germany? Hello
How to sponsor Ukrainian photographer for startup? I would like to sponsor a Ukrainian photographer with whom I worked with while traveling abroad to help me with startup computer graphics and photos for my business
Am I responsible for the payment of the tub if I told my landlord the tub felt strange just before I slipped and fell? My landlord is trying to get money from me for a tub. I slipped and fell in and it cracked
Do I have to give a 30-day notice if my lease is up soon? My lease is up June 1
Can I file an I130 and an I485 at the same time if I want to petition for my stepdaughter? I am a US citizen and want to petition for my 16 year old stepdaughter. Can I file an I130 and an I485 at the same time and is there a fee for the I485?
If I sign a contract in Colorado with an out of state company for services
Issues regarding taking over someone's car payment? I was taking over a car payment for someone. I gave him a security deposit of $2
Do I need permission from the artist to put their videos on my show or can I just get them by downloading them off of youtube? I have a gospel music tv show that premiers next month. Do I need permission from the artist to put their videos on my show or can I just get them by downloading them off of youtube?
What do we do about my dads things since he passed with no Will? My dad passed & left no Will. We were heard there may be a need for an Administrator of his estate. It's just me and my two brothers. Mainly it's the house and two vehicles that are in his name. Since it's so small
Can an employer take out tab monies from a last paycheck in which an employee was terminated? Can an employer take out tab monies from a last paycheck in which an employee was terminated?
Question regarding my neighbor planting bushes with some on my property? My neighbor planted bushes. Some are in the easement and some are on my property. She wants them 8 ft high and i want them 4 ft high. Who has the rights to them even it she planted them?
Can I sue for loss of future earnings for a job that the employer failed to tell me that someone else had it? Last Thursday I was contacted by a company promising a job guaranteed 40 hours a week. Seeing it was a better opportunity in the position I was currently I left my job to pursue the other opportunity. After having worked 1 day I was called and told that somebody else has already filled the position. I was not aware that other people were being pursued or I would not have quit my Job. I am going to try to get my other job back. But if I can not can I sue for loss of future earnings?
Can the company attain a judgement against me personally? I signed advertising contracts as manager of a mortgage company I did not own. The owner closed the company and I am now being hounded to pay these debts. I was never asked for my ss number. I live in California. Can they attain a judgement against me personally?
How do i go about getting my son's father's rights terminated? How do i go about getting my son's father's rights terminated? He's already had them suspended for failing drug test and they keep giving his rights back as he appeals them.
if my parents have considered me to be in a contract
What do I do to get on the property if my husband says I'm on the deed but it's only him? We live in Arkansas and my husband is the only person on the deed
What to do with husband and our financial troubles? My husband and I have been married for almost 2 Years legally but 18 years living together. We have a son
Am I libel  for this problem? What is my responsibility for an water line broken by a sub-contractor on my project? The water company came and repaired it. Now a neighbor is going to sue me for damage to his water heater and other damage he claims occurred to his home.
Can I sue employer for wrongful termination? I was working at my last job for over 10 months. I was terminated due to failure to notify my employer of a absence. I notified my employer a week in advance. I also told my supervisor 3 days in advance of my 1 day absence. I also called in the day schedule to work to make sure my boss fully understood and my calls were refused so the next day I spoke to my boss and was told the reason she did not call me back cause I was terminated. I got denied unemployment so I appeal my decision and referre clerk reversed the decision and said my job had insufficient evidence so now I get unemployment.
Does a bystander
Can I start new business while on unemployment? I am receiving unemployment.  Is it OK if I try to start my new business while on unemployment?  And if so how do I handle the unemployment side of it?
Changing name on Driver's License Question? I am 76 yrs old and have been told that I cannot get a driver's LC in the state of FL without changing my name to match my birth certificate. How do I do that after all these years and why?
Is chain of custody broken if police leave evidence at house? The police raised my house but left a bag of evidence that was on the form that shows all they took. Does that mean chain of custody was broken? Also does that mean all other evidence they took is void as well?
Can I obtain divorce without attorney? I have been legally separated for 4 years. Can I obtain a divorce without hiring an attorney? My boyfriend has been separated for 10 years but never obtained a legal separation. Is that necessary before he can get a divorce? We have both lived in South Carolina for over 10 years.
Can I deed my house to someone else when I still owe a mortgage?
How long will a copyright last on an original song
Can my old HOA sue me for unpaid fees if I foreclosed on my condo in California? Can my old HOA sue me for unpaid fees if I foreclosed on my condo in California?
We're making cookbooks for a fundraiser with proceeds going to LLS 1. Do materials need a copyright if use this way?  2. How do we go about getting one?  4. What do we need to know about copyright infringement?  5. Can we use disclaimers may have unknowingly used material that may be copyrighted?
Can I use another company's Non-Disclosure Agreement (with their permission) and modify it for my own company? Can I use another company's Non-Disclosure Agreement (with their permission) and modify it for my own company?  Or must I have an attorney create one specifically for my company?
Can I have a bank account if I owe back taxes? Can I have a bank account if I owe back taxes?
Can I sue the state cause I fell on their property and tore the skin off my elbow? Can I sue the state I fell on their property
Can a family member of a defendant in custody file a marsden motion? Can a family member of a defendant in custody file a marsden motion?
Legal for our employer to not give us our paid vacation because she can't afford it? I am full time employee at a convenient store and after  one year I received a paid vacation. But this year when this vacation came around my employer took our vacation away because she says she cannot afford it. I am still a full time employee at this job. Is this legal for her to do this with no warning? I also get no breaks at this job for a sit down lunch.
Can my grandfather move in with us if my ill father can't live alone but we have a disabled grandson? My father is ill and can't live alone anymore. We plan on moving in with him but he lives in a park
As a beneficiary what are my rights to a will? As a beneficiary what are my rights to a will?
Why would my son be asked to pay for doctor bills after he was hit in a crosswalk by a car that ran a light? Why would my son be asked to pay for doctor bills after he was hit in a crosswalk by a car that ran a red light?
If I hired a lawyer & now want to fire him
Can a revocable living trust be amended or up-dated for the trustees of the living trust? Can a revocable living trust be amended or up-dated for the trustees of the living trust?
Is it too late to sue for a medical malpractice lawsuit if I didn't file it within the six month time limit? Is it too late to sue for a medical malpractice lawsuit if I didn't file it within the six month time limit?
I have a contract which deals with transportation services and rates. In the introduction page which is part of the contract it states pc miler as the mileage system used. Appendix A where the rates are located it states Rand McNally mileage system shall be used. Which one rules?
What steps do I have to take to change my daughter's last name to mine? What steps do I have to take to change my daughter's last name to mine?
I am being threatened by an ex boyfriend. He has been sending me threatening emails. How do I legally go about stopping him? Is this considered a federal thing? He lives in another state. He has been in trouble with the law before and he follows through with his threats. I'm not sure where to start.
How do I cancel the child support order? I have a child support order in place for my daughter. However her father and I have worked out our differences and have gotten married. How do I cancel the child support order?
How can I get my son back after false accusations got him taken away?  How can I get my son back after false accusations got him taken away?  Someone told police something that was untrue and landed me in a behavioral center for three days so my son was given to my ex husband when I have full custody of him before!
What to do if an employee who claims no lunch
Legal if I was hired as a full time employee and now my hours are reduced to only eight hours a week? I was hired as a full time employee and now my hours are reduced to only eight hours a week. is that okay for an employer to do that?
Can I get restraining order dropped? My wife has a restraining order against me
Lifetime Bally's membership invalid at LA Fitness after buy-out. I bought a lifetime Bally's Gym membership in 1983. I've used Bally's Gym regularly since. LA Fitness bought most of Bally's locations in PA and NJ including the one I attend effective 12/01/11. Yesterday an LA Fitness clerk told me my lifetime membership isn't valid at LA Fitness. Can they do that?
Can a company refuse to give you a copy of your signed yearly review? Can a company refuse to give you a copy of your signed yearly review claiming it is their form and therefore not to be given out?
Question regarding my money taken on false drug charges? My money was taken on false drug charges. in the police report there is no mention of this.  I have bank documentation that shows my money was withdrawn from my bank account.  Is it illegal for the police to take this money with no charges filed? And can i sue it has been about two and a half years? Thank you for your time
Can you work PRN 40+ hours on the schedule and be considered PRN? Can you work PRN 40+ hours on the schedule and be considered PRN?
If I file bankrupt on my business can my home that I own with my wife
With a breach of rental contract apartment
Can your job fire you for posting photos on Facebook when you are not on the job? Can your job fire you for posting photos on Facebook when you are not on the job?
What to do if I provided service unknowingly to two drug dealers by setting up trucking co.? i had a business as a consultant in transportation. I provided service unknowingly to two drug dealers by setting up trucking co. Now I am on trial with them.
How to proceed with continuance rights? What are my rights in seeking a continuance and how do I go about getting them granted?
Is there legal binding to old contract if payment exchanged but no new contract signed? Previously
How do I get a copy of my Marital Settlement Agreements in a divorce? How do I get a copy of my Marital Settlement Agreements in a divorce?
Can someone withhold a title to a vehicle after it has been paid for? Can someone withhold a title to a vehicle after it has been paid for?
With a notice to quit
I need to copyright a bumper sticker.  What steps should I take?
If I am unemployed for 4 months out of the year
Is it illegal to drive a vehicle with a cracked windshield in Florida? Is it illegal to drive a vehicle with a cracked windshield in Florida?
If a Will was drawn up by an attorney with a Firm & that person leaves
In what situations is co-founder listed as such after they leave company? After a co-founder leaves a company
if two tenants share an apartment and both are on the lease
If my husband has tried to get in this country two times can I legally bring him to this country? I want to know if my husband has tried to get in this country two times can I legally bring him to this country after he has been deported two times?
What should I do if my boss is underpaying me? I started a new job a month ago and I believe that I am an employee not an independent contractor even though that's what thy were calling me. I was promised at least $2000 a month of pay and now I've found out that I will only be paid about $500 for a whole month of work. Should I accept the check that my boss will give me tomorrow or is that in a way giving them my approval? I plan on taking this to workman's comp. I just wanted to know what to do.
How do I object to a judge's findings and order after hearing in Orange County
What to do if my motorcycle was towed and the shop refuses to give me the bike and charging me? My motorcycle was towed when I went to pick it up they said they were closed and refusing to give me the bike and they don't open until 2 days later charging me the days they were closed. Is there anyway around that or is it even legal?
Could a Cuban permanent resident claim her sister in Cuba? Could a Cuban permanent resident claim her sister in Cuba? They both are adults and one sister is here as legal permanent resident while the other one is in Cuba. please let me know. Thank you
What do Application to condemn and PRAECIPE mean in legal papers? On a court legal page
Should the landlord
If you have no lease can your landlord sue you for back payments? If you have no lease can your landlord sue you for back payments?
We tried to cancel our fitness membership by certified mail
If I own a rental property and the tenant was arrested
if you leave money to someone who is not your child can the real children contest it? if you leave money to someone who is not your child can the real children contest it?
Is trust written in one state valid in another? Is a trust written in one state valid in another?What about the durable power of attorney form and POA for health care?
What happens if I win Superior Court appeal after winning small claims? If my small claims suit is won and the defendant appeals to Superior Court
What is legal age for tubal ligation in CA? What is the legal age to get my tubes tied in California?
Supervisor treats me differently
Do parents of a child born out of wedlock
What else can be done to enforce child support to actually be paid after its been so ordered? What else can be done to enforce child support to actually be paid after its been so ordered in the state of VA? This father is already 2 years behind and was suppose to start payments in June of this yr (last mo.) And has made no effort or attempt to do so. He laughed when I asked about it. And he works for himself getting paid mainly through paypal. He lied to dss about employment and is not doing anything to help at all. We have four kids that i am taking care of myself! His part is greatly needed. What else can be done? He is doing nothing!
Can I sue a nightclub for denying admittance to me because I am not wearing high heel shoes?  Can I legitimately sue a nightclub for denying admittance to me because I am not wearing high heel shoes? The information was not listed on their website or told to me when I called to rsvp for the guest list.
How many days notice given before filing eviction? I need to evict a tenant in McDowell County NC. How many days notice am I required to give them
I live in Michigan
I made my daughter a baby doll from one of my recycled band t-shirts. the doll was a big hit with friends and family. They have urged me to make more and sell them. I would like to sell them in a store. What is the law on my using my old band t-shirts with the band logo on them?
What should I do if concerned about asbestos in my apartment?  I'm renting an apartment in southern California that was built in the 1950's. If I'm concerned about the presence of asbestos
What can I do if the title of my late-husband's truck is only in his name and I want to sell it? I need help with selling my dead husband's truck.  I have a marriage license but the death certificate says never been married.  The title of the truck is only in his name.  What can I do?
Can I get restraining order for ex's harassment? My ex-boyfriend is stalking me and harassing me. He tells me what I did that day. He threatens me with rape and says he is going to have me murdered. I've blocked his number
Can manufacturer have discounts based on volume? Can a manufacturer have differing discounts based on volume
If I am getting ready to hire 60 people
case law? nj
Is it true that my Mom can go to a title Co. to have my Dad's name taken off the deed to the house?  Is it true that my Mom can go to a title Co. to have my Dad's name taken off the deed to the house? He died in 1996. it is a Living trust. Does she have to take his name off?
Will my husband still continue to be responsible for the mortgage after the divorce? Will my husband still continue to be responsible for the mortgage after the divorce?
Do I have any recourse to recover the difference between what they sold it for and the reasonable price for the vehicle at that time? I voluntarily surrendered by car
Are rights to NPR broadcasts obtainable for film use? What are the laws regarding the use of excerpted npr news broadcasts in a motion picture? If the rights are obtainable
What can friend on probation do to avoid jail time when turning self in for disorderly conduct? A friend of mine is on probation. One day she got a disorderly conduct. She called her PO
Is it a legal search of a car if the cop does not let you watch him search the vehicle? Is it a legal search of a car if the cop does not let you watch him search the vehicle?
After getting a decision from the state bar is that decision final? After getting a decision from the state bar is that decision final or is there somewhere else I can go to after talking to them?
Can I call the police for my partner stealing company property? I have a partner who works full-time and I work part who has decided to embezzle money by giving herself a pay increase and make decisions behind my back. For the company to sustain
Will I lose my job if I have only been at my job for four months and I fell at home and broke my arm? I have only been at my job for four months and I fell at home and broke my arm. Will I lose my job? i have to have surgery.
Can a school tell a parent they can't have transcripts cause the other parents says that they can't? Can a school tell a parent that they cannot have transcripts just because the other parents says that they can't?
What to do when a cop lies to you? What to do when a cop lies to you?
What can I do to get custody of my grandchild? I am a grandmother of a 9-year-old child. What can I do to get custody of this child?
What should we do if my family and I were involved in a bus accident? My family and I were involved in a bus accident. What should we do?
Can I get evicted if I don't want renters insurance? Can I get evicted if I don't want renters insurance?
Can we claim house in bankruptcy? Our house is not for sale
I want to know if there is such thing as part-time restaurant union workers. Do part-time workers qualify from a joining worker's union?
Who is responsible for property taxes on Rent to Own property
Child support question I am in NY paying $900 a month in child support to one ex for my three kids.  I'm Divorcing my second wife who I have one kid with.  What percentage of my income is the second wife entitled for support
Possible to get spousal support & make my husband pay my attorney fees if we make the same wages? My soon to be ex-husband and I make the same wages. Is it possible to ask and get spousal support and makehim pay my attorney fees?
Is it possible for me to get out of my contract? I signed a 5 year contract for a home security system with Platinum Protection in March 2010. Their sales person said and also wrote down on the signup packet folder that they would add a camera at no cost around April or May and initialed it. However
Should I go to small claims court if my son's summer camp lost his shoes and it's been four weeks already? My son went to went to summer camp this summer and on the first day of swimming class the camp lost his shoes. I have been trying for four weeks to get this resolved. Should I go to small claims court with case?
How to protect company name if other companies have same name but different industry? I am incorporated with the name Compliance Consulting Services
if i sue my employer can they fire me for suing? if i sue my employer can they fire me for suing?
Question regarding providing negative feedback on a physician and sued for defamation and slander? I received a letter from a physician I went to - - I provided negative feedback on the physician on Health Grades and others. I believe my commentary is honest and justified.  I received a letter from the physician stating that if I do not immediately retract and remove any of the writings to this website and other that I will be sued for monetary damages for defamation of character
What rights do I have if I'm visually impaired person and my employer has the elevator out of service? I'm a visually impaired person
True that FL is one of the states that doesn't give vacation pay when terminated? In the satate of florida I need to know.I was terminated from a job
How come a lawyer will not sue another lawyer but they steal other lawyer clients & lie to each other? How come a lawyer will not sue another lawyer but they steal other lawyer clients & lie to each other?
How do I apply to get child support from the father of my 2 children in the state of CT? Hello. How do I apply to get child support from the father of my 2 children in the state of CT?
Can a dentist give a patient a Starbucks gift card for a referral of another patient? Can a dentist give a patient a Starbucks gift card for a referral of another patient?
After my baby is born in the U.S.
Can startup have proprietary rights transfer agreement signed prior to equity agreement? Can a startup company with sweat equity independent contractors get the ICs to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to an Equity Agreement being agreed upon? What would the consideration be (since no equity or fees have been agreed upon btwn company and ICs)? My client is still about a month away from making an actual equity offer to his independent contractors
Can any attorney help me claim or protect other IP values in addition to the service mark described below? Can any attorney help me claim or protect other IP values in addition to the service mark described below?Many companies are facing severe issues. The root problems associated with these issues can be derived from ineffectiveness of the existing organizational structure and HR system. A new organizational structure and new HR performance management system named as xxxTeamSM are thus proposed for solving those deep-rooted problems. xxxTeamSM introduces a new organizational structure model and a new performance management model. These models will help a company optimize its Infrastructure and rebuild its foundation in its HR system. Practically
Can I make my neighbor cut down his tree if it's causing me problems? Can I make my neighbor cut down his or at least trim his tree which making a huge mess and causing me medical and financial hardship?
Can a judge tell you how much you must pay monthly on a settlement? can a judge tell you how much you must pay monthly on a settlement?
Can I give two hockey tickets to my attorney as a gift? Can I give two hockey tickets to my attorney as a gift? My attorney is in New York.
Can I start non-profit to help communities/small businesses? Can I start a non profit if the purpose of it is to help communities/small businesses get back on there feet.  If I got a piece of property for little or no money & was able to get funds via grants & fundraisers & was to remodel the building to suit a need in the town
If someone writes and distributes a letter to your neighbors that has false aligations with the intent to harm you or your reputation is it against the law and what can we do? None
Can my former employer sue me for lost property if I was illegally employed and getting paid under the table? I was illegally employed and getting paid under the table. Can my former employer sue me for lost property?
Can I move out of state with my child if no custody agreement is established? Can I move out of state with my child if no custody agreement is established?
What can I do to stay or get help if my ex is kicking me out? I live in my boyfriend house and now he found someone else and he wants to give me a thirty day notice. I don't work but do all the cleaning and cooking take care of his kids and provide all the food. What can I do to stay or get help?
What legal action do I have if my employer hacked into my e-mail account?
Can a 'rights of survivor trust' be disputed when both trustees have passed away? Can a 'rights of survivor trust' be disputed when both trustees have passed away? however
Is our lease with our late landlord's daughter? Our landlord jut past away 1 month. ago.  His daughter supposedly took it over.  We paid rent to her although we received no paperwork (we go a receipt).  Is our lease with her?  How do we get our deposit back?  Does the original lease still stand or is there a lease at all?
What taxation from selling Delaware company shares to various parties? What will be the taxes in the States on dividends paid by Delawere company and capital gain from selling shares of Delawere company for:1. US non-resident private person?2. BVI or Panama company?3. Swiss company?4. Cyprus company?
How do I go about getting a release? A food vending company left their vending machines in our building because Wells Fargo seized the vending machine company.  We just want them out of our company lunch room.  We were told that we need a release from Wells Fargo before the machines could be picked up and taken away.  How do I go about getting a release?
Can I fire person who announces retirement to save money? Can I fire someone after they announce they are retiring to save the money on their pay for the next few months? They are 55.
Can unwed father take baby from mentally unstable mother? I'm an unwed father. If I took my baby because I believed the mother was mentally unstable
Is my ex responsible for part of the mortgage? My husband and I bought a house 4 1/2 years ago. About a years ago he split and left me with the total mortgage. Is he responsible for part of the mortgage?
Can employer dictate who babysits your kids? Can an employer dictate who can and can't babysit your kids?
Can an automatic renewal in a contract be enforceable for 10 years in the state of California?  Can an automatic renewal in a contract be enforceable for 10 years in the state of California? And
Can company cut pay without notifying prior to first paycheck? We were hired by a company at the rate of $11 per hour. They lost the contract and put us in another.  Without written notification
How much time before realistically have to be out and Can I withhold my next payment to the Landlord? We have been paying $3
Is contract binding if two people listed but only one signs? If a contract states person a and person b as listed on the contract and only one person signs contract
Can my sweat equity be factored in having reduced my portion of the loan? I started an S-corp with my sister. I am Pres and she is VP. We bought a franchise business. We had agreed to quit our jobs to run it. She never quit her job. I quit two jobs to run the business full-time. I have spent the last five years building the business
What do I do if someone is slandering my name and is a illegal alien?
Can I get the ticket dropped if the cop misspelled my middle name? Can I get the ticket dropped if the cop misspelled my middle name?
Can employer change pay date?  Can an employer change my pay date without notice?
Can I sue for the monetary loss of the cost of the full breed pups? I would like to go to small claims court to sue for veterinary negligence.  My dog was misdiagnosed with a disease
Would my blog/forum motto infringe on someone's IP? I want to start a photography blog/forum with the motto
We just moved in this house 2 weeks ago and do not like the area. I feel like living here is unsafe for my kids but the only thing stopping us from leaving is the fact that we sign a lease. Is there anything we can do because I don't want this on my credit report.
Should I contact a lawyer now before they clean up the mess or after? A drilling company company sprayed oil on my house
What is the best way of going about getting on child support? What is the best way of going about getting on child support?
Question about employment? My employer took away my medical insurance
What do I do if a car rear-ended me and they don't want to give enough to replace? I got rear ended. They don't want to give enough to replace my car. What do I do next? I need more money. My car has been maintained meticulously and has over 6000 in repairs in just the last 20000 mi.
For CA eviction notice
If temporary child support order expires
When calling out sick
Will those judgements that are against my name be withdrawn after 7 years in CA? I am selling my home and there are judgements against my name. Will those judgements be withdrawn after 7 years in CA?
Can I go to Staples and pick up a form and fill it out and then have it notarized as POA for my dad?  My dad is 84 years old and I need to get him a power of attorney paper for him to sign. Can I go to Staples and pick up a form and and fill out and then have it notarized? and would it be legal enough when he dies?
Is voluntary repossession better than involuntary? I can't afford to keep my car. Is it better to do a voluntary repo or just let them decide to repossess it and come get it? And how do I do it?
May I start using patent pending
Can inmate plead 5th or refuse to testify without being charged? My brother is a inmate at St. Cloud
What to do if there are people who are using communications inside my home & police did nothing? There are several people who are using communications inside of my home. I have contacted the police several to times because of this. I have recordings and camcord recordings and nothing has been done. The police have heard this inside my house and have made jokes to the people. I have lost five kids to the state because of the games that were played by these people.
What legal considerations need to be made before I sell shares? I have recently started a software company and have several family and friends who would like to invest.  I would like to offer shares for sale for a given price.  What legal considerations need to be made before I sell shares?
Please explain legal term RICO''? Please explain legal term RICO''?
Would I have a chance to get car back or for her to be made to sign a lean if I took her to court ? I recently sold a car to a girl we made a contract out and got it notarized and I want her to sign a lean but she won't.  And not knowing anything about the situation I signed the title over to her going on her trust.  Would I have a chance to get car back or for her to be made to sign a lean if I took her to court ?
Do I have a lawsuit if I was struck by car walking into a market that has no crosswalks for pedestrians? Do I have a lawsuit if I was struck by car walking into a market that has no crosswalks for pedestrians?
I want to name my business after my daughter
How can I legally use someone's artistic design commercial? What legal steps to i have to take to when using some ones artistic design commercial?
What do I do if my son's work served him alcohol and allowed to drive home? I just found out that my 17-year-old son was served alcohol at the restaurant where he works as a buser.  He was served at least 3 drinks and then allowed to drive home.  The Manager on duty was one of the Adults who served him. What do I  do now?
Who pays back overpay if 3rd party payroll provider at fault? I was overpaid a minimal amount on my paycheck for a few months. I was told that it is the 3rd party payroll providers fault. Legally do I have to pay it back? Or can they find the payroll provider at fault and charge them the money?
For 6 years
My wife works at a hospital and the hospital is trying to institute a new policy that every employee must get a flu shot (which my wife is against) and that anyone not getting the shot will not be allowed to work at that hospital. Is that legal?  What recourse might she have? My wife works at a hospital and the hospital is trying to institute a new employee policy that every employee must get a flu shot (which my wife is against) and that anyone not getting the shot will not be allowed to work at that hospital. Is that legal?  What recourse might she have?
I'm a counselor who is really drawn to this idea of being able to counsel people online. However
Brother with POA will not give me money to care for father. I am taking care of my father after triple bypass and a stroke. My brother has power of attorney. He does not give me the money I need to take care of him and compensates me none for doing this. My dad will not stand up to him. What should I do?  Can I get power of attorney since I take care of him
Can I make family help me with housing and food if disabled? I am a 76-year-old male who is disabled. Can my family be made to help me with housing
What recourse available when county aide replaces only immediate family as beneficiary? My aunt just got placed in a SNF diagnosis of dementia. She has had a county aide for two years.  The aide just told us that she is the beneficiary of my aunt: $35
Is teaching contract null and void if both parties don't sign by deadline? I have a one year contract as a teacher. It states in the contract that it must be signed by April 15th
Anything I can do if my ex moved out of state and isn't working with me to set up a visitation schedule? My ex-wife moved out of state and is not working with me to set up a visitation schedule with me. She won't even give me the address to where my kids live. Is there anything I can do?
What does reopen judgement set aside mean? What does reopen judgement set aside mean?
Is it possible my wife can get probation if she admitted and but no evidence was found? My wife is being charged with possession of meth and manufacturing (class X and class 2) but she has never been given a chance at probation. No evidence was found on her but she did admitted to it but is it possible she could get probation?
What paperwork needs to be filed if my daughter is moving out of state and leaving her child with me? My daughter is moving to Denver
If wife agrees to have the father's name put on the certificate will they still have to go to court? If the wife agrees to have the father's name put on the birth certificate will they still have to go to court? The child has the fathers last name already.
If someone qualifies for house arrest
If a church owns a commercial property which they rent out for profit
What are the charges against one who has committed theft by cashing stolen money orders? What are the charges against one who has committed theft by cashing stolen money orders?
Can I sue my aunt for using my inherited money for other purposes than what was written in my grandmother's will? Can I sue my aunt for using my inherited money for other purposes than what was written in my grandmothers will?
Apartment requiring tenants pay heat back to last year. I lease an apartment that pays heat. On 1/9/11
If I create a t-shirt design with the name of a town that happens to have a university of the same name
What if I found out someone has used my name to get housing or utilities with my identity?  What if I found out someone has used my name to get housing or utilities with my identity? Is this illegal ?
Can you get in trouble for putting copyright on a web site you created if there you have not registered the copyright?
My roommate of 10 years stole my copyright name to open an online business without my knowledge. Roommate erased all information from laptop. I had name since 1988 for catalog of music. She stole my name to open up online business. What should I do?
What are legal issues with setting up website to manage payments internationally? I'm setting up a web site for managing payments for (real life) classes. I'd like this to work internationally
I have an online site selling sunglasses. I carrying name brand sunglasses and I do not have an authorized dealership. I got a call from the company and they want me to remove all the sunglasses from my site. What if I keep selling these sunglasses
Law offices near Manhattan for misleading/false advertising lawsuit. What are some law offices that I contact near Manhattan
What does ct1 owi-occupant less than 16 2nd or subsequent offense ct 2 DWLS mean? What does ct1 owi-occupant less than 16 2nd or subsequent offense ct 2 DWLS mean?
By how much will judge reduce $250
I had 2 horses for 10 years and 8 years. I sold one for 850 dollars I was paid only 800 . The person still owes me 50 dollars since June. The person that bought my gelding signed an agreement with me and is choosing not to pay. I have called several times. They also promised me to keep my horses. What should I do?
Company rejected me due to mother of child working there. Can I sue a company if they don't hire me because the mother of my child works for them?
I was crossing the street on a green light when an on duty police officer hit me while making a left turn. He said he did not see me. My injuries are not serious but I have still been going to doctor for tests for pains i'm having. I missed time from work & he did not have on siren. Can I sue?
How can I be charged with maintaning a drug house if no drugs were found?
Does landowner have rights to neighbor's property if he cuts grass there? If landowner A owns 160 acres and landowner A has a house that borders it
How to retrieve money from source that obtained through fraud? How do I retrieve money from a source that received it through fraud or deception?
Can employees be forced to work past scheduled hours? Can my employer force me to work past my scheduled hours? Also
How do I clear criminal record from 5 years ago? How can I clear a criminal record in Cleveland from 5 years ago so I can find a job?
How to word loan agreement signatories to protect against taking on LLC debt?  My partners and I are signing a loan agreement for a small amount of cash to start our business. In order to protect ourselves
I was hired to install audio and video equipment for a business. I submitted a proposal they accepted verbally and issued two separate checks to start the job. I started the job and 2 weeks later
Who should pay for all of my injuries? I was helping pack up a house after a sale and fell down 15 basement steps.  I was taken by ambulance to the hospital and x-rays were taken. No broken bones but I severely bruised my lower back and tailbone. I also hurt my left ankle. It was swollen and my doctor said I probably messed things up inside and to take it easy.  I had an imbalance problem from hitting my head on the concrete floor and was in physical therapy for that.  My ankle kept hurting and would swell up if I was on it too long
Will the state garnish my wages from the work I'll be doing when I owe money in back child support? Hi
Can a President/Director in a family California Corp also be the Secretary? Can a President/Director (there are 2 directors
Can I use verbal loan agreement for small claims case? Hi! In short
Law to protect this child from the high risk of disaster when a 9-year-old is in the back of a motorcycle? I know a man who is riding his 9 year old son all around our area on the back of his motorcycle. Is there any law to protect this child from the high risk of disaster. I have tried reasoning to no avail.
Employer withholds paycheck to spite me. My employer holds my paycheck until he feels like giving it to me
Is it legal for an employer to consider raises a bonus and take it away when ever he wants without warning from all of his employees on a weekly basis even if the employee is on salary?
I would like to know if i am breaking any rule doing the follow: Receive goods from China or other country directly to my home and then buy something else could be a component for a computer
Can I sue ex-husband for not allowing loan and thus hurting credit score? Can I sue my ex-husband for jeopardizing my credit score so as to decrease it by 100 points not allowing me the freedom to obtain a financial loan?
If someone came on c1d visa can they get any form of resident if they are married to a U.S. citizen? If someone came on c1d visa can they get any form of resident if they are married to a U.S. citizen?
Friend wrote checks to herself and forged my signature. I asked a friend to pay my bills for me. I told her that if she needed to borrow any money
When a merchant processes a payment on behalf of another merchant it's called credit card factoring and is considered a form of money laundering. If this is the case why can paypal do this legally? None
Is it crime if money raised by group taken and used by another? Money raised for one group but taken over and used by another entity.  Is this a crime?  People would not have participated in the fund raising if it had been known that the money was to be taken over.
Tenant taking me to court for loan. I borrowed $5
I just received a Plaintiff's Motion for a Nunc Pro Tunc Judgment. Does the judge always sign off on these? If I do not agree with the attached affidavit
Does trademark infringement depend on who publicly launches URL first? If squatter has a .com URL on with no public usage of the name and I buy a similar URL (e.g. with hyphens) and launch it immediately
I am starting a business distributing an all natural diet pill. I plan on distributing a lot of them.  I also plan on being the only business owner. Should I start an LLC?  What kind of business insurance should I purchase and how liable am I for the product. I am not the manufacturer of the pill.
What are legal concerns with direct hiring contractor in Malaysia? Hi
How long is too long to file answer for summons? I was served a summons but I think I waited too long to answer it. Can I still file my answer now with the clerk of courts?
If I sign my rights of a child over
Hired contractor who did not pay his sub-contractors. I live in Texas & I hired a contractor to remodel my home.  He then went out and hired sub-contractors that did a lot of the work.  I have paid the contractor all money for the contract and found out he has not paid a lot of the sub-contractors. Can they come after me or put a lien on my home?
Items missing while contractor working in home. A contractor was doing work on my home and some items are missing from my home. What's the best course to take?
the roof.  Contractor will not come back after calling him for 2 years. Do I have any recourse?  I am believe  contractors can be liable for their work.
Are contracts for brother's business null and void if he dies? My brother had a single member LLC in the state of Indiana.  He passed away unexpectedly 2 wks ago.There are contracts for his business where the work has not been started.  Are thoses contracts null & void?  Is my sister-in-law liable for any outstanding debts from the LLC?
Is contract nullified if specs for house not met? I am building a house. My signed contract and specs specified 10foot ceilings downstairs and 9foot ceilings upstairs.  Framing was just completed. I measured the ceilings today
What to do when school fails to pay for services rendered? I have a small cleaning service and we can not get paid for a school we cleaned. What can we do?
What happens if my child becomes a ward of the state? What happens if my child becomes a ward of the state?
Our business is located in Bucks County
Is this grounds for eviction? If someone moves in with you other than on the lease
I am currently renting a townhouse and was given 90 days to get out because the owner wants to move back in. Do I have any right to stay?
Son cannot evict tenant threatening him. My son lives in CA. He is renting a house and have sublet one room to a man who is threatening them. The police came to the house once because of it.  My son was told no eviction for 45 days unless the owner of the house approves it.  Does my son have any recourse?
Can landlord wake sleeping tenants to inspect units? Can a landlord start doing a unit inspections every mounth and they say at 12:00 pm when I work steady nights do they have the right to wake me up every monday of first of the month?
sincerly christy
I want to rent Wash. D.C. condo. Owner asks to collect 1st & last mos. of rent
How to recover unpaid rent after tenant moves out? I am a landlord in Illinois. My tenant failed to pay rent and was issued a five day notice. She moved within the five days and I did not have to proceed with the eviction process. However
How to get out of lease without fines? 6 weeks ago someone was held up at gun point at my apartment complex. Last night a 17 year old kid was shot in the back. How do I get out of my lease with no fines? My apartment complex had to post notices on our front door because yet another robbery took place. I live by myself with kids - I have been here a total of 6 years. I just want to move so we can feel safe! Is there way to get out of my lease without all the fees?
Can landlord enter without my presence? Can landlord enter my house without me being present?
Person doing tax return will not return tax data. The man doing my tax return is not a CPA.  He notified me that he had to file an extension because he wasn't finished.  Now he says he's filed for a second extension.  I cannot contact him and he won't return calls.  He will not return my tax data.  How do I get my 1099's
How to protect idea for new ice cream product? I have an idea for a new ice cream product. How do I protect my idea?
Advice on starting a business? I Want to start incubator type business. I need legal adviser in structure of incubator
If the son has been working for the company for 27 years and will soon own the company
Can a foreign citizen without an H1-B own an incorporated company in the US? Can a foreign citizen without an H1-B own a incorporated company in the US?
What is the best way to invest in startups in the U.S. if I am an Egyptian citizen? I would like to invest in startups in the United States. What is the best way to do so? I am a foreigner: Egyptian Citizen. Should I invest as an individual or set up a company? Which State do I set up the Company? I need a venture capital related lawyer.
What are minimum costs for starting one-man business? I want to start a one man business selling a booklet online in NY. What is the absolute minimun money wise i need to do to be legal?
Is it legal to automatically renew expired contract without customer signature? How legal is a contract that automatically renews on expiration without being signed by the customer?
Purchasing shares at time of formation of corporation? Hi. I am forming a new company and will eventually take on investors and issue shares. For now
How to buy back shares when converting to S-corp? I have a corporation that was formed in CA with another shareholder who owns 12% of shares. I'm converting business to an S-corp and want to buy back shares from the 12% shareholder. The company has minimal business net worth. What procedures and forms should I utilize to buy back the shares?
Reopening business but previous owner wants to repossess equipment. I am trying to resurrect a business that has been closed for 6 months. I was to reopen the business and buy the just equipment. I signed the lease for 3 years and come to find out he still owes the previous owner and she is repo'n the equipment. How do I protect my self and business from this mess?
What do I need to do in order to incorporate a company in the US?
Signing nondisclosure agreement. I am asked by my bank to sign NDA - below is the text - could you pls advise if there are any concerns for me or whether I need to add any language The Bank shall treat Information provided to it by the Company as confidential subject to the following terms. Information refers to any and all non-public financial
Petition briefly and distinctly states its grounds accompanied by certificate. what do they mean when they ask for a petition that must briefly and distinctly state its grounds and be accompanied by a certificate stating that grounds are limited to intervening circumstances of substancial or controlling effect or to other substancial grounds not previously presented?
Failed to mail plaintiff's first request for disclosure after 50 days. I am being sued by a debt collector & I have answered the court but did not mail in the plaintiff's first request for disclosure. It passed 50 days. How will this affect my case and should I send it in?
Is there anyway I can get a work permit if I was born in Mexico but I graduated and I do taxes in the U.S.? Hey my name is Cesar. I'm 18 years of age. I wad born In Chihuahua
Is court required to inform defendant of right to appeal when giving verdict/order? If a court (municipal in NJ) gives a verdict or order
Is property manager required to write new check if I don't cash it in time? I forgot to cash a $700 check our property manager had written to us and now it is expired (check said void after 90 days).  Is she obligated by law to write us a new check?  She owes us this money after taking out her commission.  She is ignoring my emails/calls.  What can I do?  This is in Idaho.
Do I need permission to create game copying another game? When someone is creating a game that is duplicating from a game that is already out
My father is 88 and a owner of a propane company. He wants me to leave my job and take over his business with my sister. I ask to put it in writing. He said he is not signing off his business. Can I do a verbal contract and have it stick
consequence of unethical conduct my ex is a paralegal and used to work for the offensive side. She worked an ongoing case for one lawyer for the plaintive so she knows this case inside out. She switched jobs and went to the defensive side and now works for the law firm handling the same case. While in our relationship she started seeing this plaintive behind my back and is now with this man. My question is: because this is unethical and a conflict of interest what could be the consequences of there actions?
Building owner disagrees with what I sell
I made a purchase of windows/doors. 1 year later
Is it legal to use competition's name in marketing and sales? I have a question that might have to deal with copyright or trademark law. I am looking to use a slogan in my marketing materials and sales strategy that uses a competitor's name. One of our competitor's is Yelp.com and I want to use the slogan:Been Yelped? We can help!Can I legally do this without being sued? Yelp is a verb in the dictionary so I am not sure how this would be viewed by the court systems if litigation was ever pursued... Thanks in advance for your time and expertise.
I want to start an apartment finders business. What legal action sholud I take? What type of business licenses do I need?
Are online coupon buyers eligible for refund after coupon expires? If my business is offering a discounted item online in the form of a coupon (the Groupon concept) that has an expiration date
Can I file charges against company for using name without consent? Can I file charges against a company for using my name without my permission? I don't work for them and I haven't received a payment from them. They also posted it on my husband's and my Facebook's account without our permission.
What are internet business rights regarding action taken against me without just cause? I own an e-commerce business. I am still in the building stage and have yet to actually list my site in any advertised manner. Recently while using Google Chrome. Links to a site
I'm working on a website where multiple users promote links through Google affiliate & other affiliate networks.  When a sale is generated through a user's link (tied to my account) I want to pay them while taking a small cut. I'm wondering how I can handle payments without taking on all of the tax?
What type of corporations make loans to individuals? I am looking setting up a company that makes small loans to individuals.  I am trying to figure out which type of incorporation I should pursue.  The company would have more than 1 shareholder
Does father still pay child support if mother refuses it? Can the state of Tennessee still charge me child support
Can I post person's name and explanation of monetary transaction on Facebook? Is it illegal in Mo. to post somebodies name and explanation on facebook of how a monetary transaction goes? The person does not show up as planned.
Can fidelity account be taken if bankruptcy filed in PA? Can your fidelity account be taken if you file bankruptcy in PA?
Can I be sued for fraud in a inter-spousal transfer? I filed an inter-spousal transfer for a property to my husband.  I am in serious debt with credit card but I am making arrangement with CC company to get them repaid.  I don't want any more debt or liability then I already am.  The house was not upside down
Is it a good idea to wait for more money or settle for $1300 if a company owes me $3800? I worked for a company that now owes me $3800. They filed bankruptcy and now a third party is trying to buy the debt for $1300. Is this a good idea or should I wait it out for more money?
How can I collect my money? I want to collection my money from a person in America?
rights of a guarantor. Being a guarantor on a rental agreement
What contracts other than NDA protect ideas? Are there any contracts (in addition to a non-disclosure agreement) that can protect an idea before I explain it to somebody?
Will my income significantly increase because of the payments until my collateral agreement ends? I am currently on a collateral agreement with the IRS until 2015 or until debt is paid whichever comes first. I am considering purchasing a home with my partner but we are looking at places that would have a rental basement that can possibly help us pay the mortgage. The idea is allowing me to keep the same amount now as if renting
I purchased a home and the seller died before the deed was switched. How do I switch the deed?
Shall I confront my wife first or shall I seek legal help for transferring some of our savings to her account? My wife had transferred some of our savings to her own account.  Shall I confront her first or shall I seek legal help now?  Thanks.
Can celebrity photos be purchased and used without their consent? I publish a magazine and want to feature a celebrity on the cover and also a cover story of the person inside the magazine. Can I use a photo I purchased from a wire service without permission from the celebrity?
If I'm developing a web site
Can anyone
If I file a patent domestically in the U.S. how do I acquire it internationally as well? If I file a patent domestically in the U.S. how do I acquire it internationally as well?
 question about international edition book in U.S1.can I resell my used book on ABEbooks or ebay (but it is international edition)
What state or federal requirements
Legal if I was given to prior indication of demotion was coming and was not given any warnings? After 8 years of working at a certain nursing home
I am on a contract in Afghanistan as an electronics maintenance technician. When I arrived
Can a debt collector refuse your payment agreement if you have cancer and can only pay a certain amount? Can a 3rd part debt collector refuse your payment agreement if you have cancer and can only pay a certain amount monthly?
What are legal implications if organization doesn't follow bylaws? If an organization does not follow bylaws
Can my partner of our restaurant take everything in the restaurant legally without my knowledge?
What are the legal benefits of a LLC vs S-corp as a sole proprietor? What are the legal benefits of a LLC vs S-corp as a sole proprietor?
What resources available to determine company valuation? My company is currently talking to several venture capital firms and we are already starting to talk term sheets.  What tools are available to companies to determine their organization's valuation?
Transfer of Shares. Buying stake in foreign company? How much does it cost in documentation to transfer shares in an incorporated company? What would the time frame be? Also
if a civil mediator called me about a debt that I owe and said the company will take me to court if I do not pay or make some type of payment arrangement
If I got a copyright for a brand name
Question regarding getting denied to be buried with my dad? I want to be buried with my dad and I called where he is buried and they told me no because they didn't bury him deep enough? He has been dead 61 years. Do the laws change? I don't understand because people do it all the time. Can you help me please?  Thank you so much.
Is it legal to perform obscene/explicit material in outdoor shows? Can a musician be cited or arrested for performing obscene or explicit material in public or at outdoor shows?
I'm producing an adult dvd and I would like to know the necessary step to have it copyrighted?
Can I make non-proft web-series based on copyrighted show universe? If a television show is copyrighted
What are consequences of person putting liquor license in my name? A friend is opening a lounge and wants to put the liquor license in my name. What are the consequences..
What licenses needed to host stripper parties with alcohol? I'm starting an online adult site. Occasionally I will host stripper parties by renting out venues and hiring an alcohol catering service. My question is what kind of license do I need to run a stripping event
Can I sue online company for using personal information without consent? Can i sue an online company for using my name and email address without my permission?
How can the IRS make me pay back money for my child and cousin child that i help take care of? How can the IRS make me pay back money for my child and cousin child that I help take care of?
Can company charge for up to 3.0 mbps but not deliver above 2.50? If a company charges you for DSL up to 3.0mbps but can not deliver above 2.50. Is this legal? If I upgrade to a higher level at a cost they say it will be guaranteed
Three parties had mediation for paying assessments over time. In Florida
If my mom never came back to visit the states during the 10 years
Can I now work for the person sponsoring me or other person aside from my sponsor? I availed of the 245I and I just received a letter from USCIS that they received my application for adjustment of status and a letter saying that the they would send a notice when and where is the schedule for my biometrics. Can I now work for the person sponsoring me or other person aside from my sponsor?
What to do if I'm trying to obtain driver's license? I'm trying to obtain Fl. driver's license. I owe court costs in two counties. I need to make a payment plan. I need help.
Can my dad's daughter be included in petition as well if my grandmother is requesting a green card for him? MY grandmother adopted me when I was 10. She now wants to request a green card for my  father. He has a 2 year old daughter. Can she be included in the petition as well? Does he have to leave in the US during the process? How long does this process take?
What to do if my uncle set an application for my mom and me? What to do if my uncle set an application for my mom and me?
If I was unauthorized when I worked in the US for 2 months
Can a person get a tourist visa to come to U.S. and then get employed? Can a person get a tourist visa to come to U.S. and then get employed?
How can I stop my wages to be garnished for my oldest child? I am paying child support for two children. The oldest is graduating from high school and leaving this summer. The youngest is still in high school. My question is how can I stop my wages to be garnished for my oldest child by this summer?
How do I dissolve my LLP? how do I dissolve my LLP?
Situation about a theft that occurred with the client taking a plea bargain with the case dropped? Hi
How to set up stock options to find developer? Setting up a startup and finding a developer co-founder based on sweat equity
Not given promised equity after startup incorporated. I worked for a startup organization before it was incorporated.  I was promised equity in the business
Can lawyer ask for income and expense declaration if sued for child support? Is a licensed lawyer (father of son) able to ask for Income and expense declaration
Can I get out of court costs because I did not have my insurance card with me? After receiving a traffic violation
I have physical custody of my son and he goes to school in Fairfax. His mom called the school and had him transfered to her home town in Remington VA. Neither school notifyed me at all. Can I sue?
What laws protect children from teacher? Teachers continually screams at a classroom full of children. Is there any laws protecting them from this?
Can a minor sue the coach for injuries for a broken leg? If I'm a minor
Is it discrimination if my son's instructor refuses to take him because I smoke? I have a 14-year-old son that went to his first Taekwondo lesson which 6 months of service was paid to him thru my sons therapy. After the lesson was completed
I created a website for a company and explained that the animation was not going to show on IE8 before I started and they were okay with it
Does LLC or corp have more liability protection? Myself and my partner are forming a technology company shortly and need to know if there is any more or less liability protection in the Corp over the LLC.  We will more than likely be filing in Illinois. The venture will be hosting client customer data
I had a contract with a web developer. Contract stated that the project would be broken down into 3 milestones. He reached two milestones then got lost. We plan to have another developer to finish the project
In which jurisdiction can I sue University of Phoenix? I live in Raleigh
If paying back equity line of credit for condo
Would my potential idea be legal? I'm doing a project for a marketing class where I need to come up with a new service. I came up with the idea of a service which was a home delivery medication service that would work with any pharmacy to deliver a patient's medication directly to a patient's house. Would this potential idea be legal? And what certification would be required to be able to do that? Say I live in New York State. Thank you!
Is it legal for a school to have a lunch and only invite bilingual students? Is it legal for a school to have a lunch and only invite bilingual students?
If your case is dismissed without prejudice
I financed a business from a seller.  He has moved and will not give me his new mailing address to send checks to and wants me to go the bank each month and deposit the checks into his account.  Is this allowed? The seller is unhappy that I confronted him about the P&ls; being incorrect and is being obtuse.  He won't even give me his attorney's address.
Does LLC with trade name or DBA need separate bank account? Does an llc operating under a trade name or dba need a separate bank account?
A taxpayer has a joint savings account with a friend. All of funds
How can landowner collect back rent after renters move? As a land owner
Does new owner have legal responsibility to pre-existing renter? Does the new owner of a residence have any legal responsibility to a pre-existing renter?
Can a bankruptcy save a lease to own home I am in?
Is it legal to refer to film scenes in book with no direct quotes or reproductions? We are considering publishing a book that has multiple references to a recent major motion picture.  The references used are the film's title
How protect self when syndicating content? Our long-term goal is to create a site that offers original
Pros and cons of reincorporating CA S-corp in DE? I am an iPhone app publisher
Can landlord let new tenants move in if I pay full rent for month? I am moving out of my apartment this month.  We paid full rent through the end of the month. Our landlord is wanting a family to move in on the 22nd.  Is this legal?  Should we have to pay for the whole month?
We outsourced webmaster services and the contractor placed our data on a hosting service. Now we want to get control of the data ourselves and the contractor is uncooperative. Do we have recourse in contacting the host directly? (there is more to the story).
Is 24% interest rate on personal loan legal in Michigan? According to chapter 438.31 of Michigan law is 24% interest rate legal on a personal loan?
How to offer another vendor's services? How can I Legally offer services of another vender who only offers their services to companies who in turn offer these services to the employees of the company. When I want to offer the same services on an individual basis?
What are my rights? I signed a loan agreement and promissory note to receive a personal loan. As per the agreement I completed my end of the contract by securing the loan in the form of 5 month prepayment. The agreement states that as soon I send my part in the funds would be released within a certain time frame. That period has been up for days. Spoke with them this morning and was told that they will not release my loan till I get Personal liability insurance through them. The contract says nothing about insurance. What are my legal rights?
There is a towing co. who is suing me for a car that was towed by them and the case has been settled and now they are garnishing my pay checks. Should I countersue because I had nothing to do with the car?They said I should do a motion to set aside. I'm confused.
Should I sue disabled father-in-law for injury? I was cut on my left hand in July of 2011 by my father-in-law. He only gets a disability check every month and that is his only income. My question is should i sue him? My doctor told me that its going to be at least a year before I can work.
What would be my course of action after buying a bag of pork skins and having a skin from that bag cause my lip to bleed because it hadn't been processed right. It still had hair on it from the pig I assumed
Traded vehicles and transmission goes out soon after. I traded cars and the one I got broke within 2 weeks. Turns out the transmission put in recently had been underwater.  Doesn't this have to be disclosed because technically it would be considered salvage? Do I have a case for civil court?Mechanic I traded with claimed the vehicle worked perfectly and had a new transmission in it.  2 wks later
How do I patent a business idea? How do I patent a business idea?
Can an independent person create collegiate t-shirts
What to do when manager invades privacy? My store manager at my job is invading my privacy rights and he/she retaliated cause i called home at the office still questioning me after the fact. It's discriminating against my ethics rights and she was asking co-workers about me at my other job. What should i do?
Copyrights Infringement I have received a letter from Verizon alleging that various have perhaps infringed their copyrights by illegally downloading and/or distributing a movie.  A subpoena was issued to Verizon to disclose customer info if I don't file a motion to quash or vacate the subpoena.  Please advise.
Is there a negligence lawsuit present? Can I sue a major email company for negligence? I tried contacting them on several occasions about a user who is abusing their privacy policy by contacting me with harassing and threatening emails for over a long period of time. Not only did they ignore the seriousness of this matter
I work for a dentist and he is paying me as an independent contractor.  The office manager hasn't paid me for first two weeks in November.  What are my options? Several times when she does print the check
A lawyer that represents a minor of a deceased parents estate is the child allowed to get anything out of the house that he/she desires? is it illegal if the lawyer sells everything if its not in the best inertest of the child?
Refused to treat at medical clinic Can a clinic legally refuse treatment if you have a balance?
Am I able to sue if I was on a bike and going down the road
eavesdropping In MS
I had professional modeling pictures taken of me. They are copyrighted by the photographer. I stupidly gave them to my ex-boyfriend and he threw them away in a bad area of the city. I'm worried as to who has my pictures. What I can do about this issue? Please help!
Stranger posts picture of my minor child on their Facebook. What are my rights when an individual I do not know has posted a picture of my minor child on their facebook account?
Can you use an image from the internet to promote a musical? It's the cover photo of a CD.
Is it fraud to solicit funds via active donation link? Is it fraud to maintain an active
How to stop scammer before they find new victims? Is there any way to stop a scammer before they do the same thing to someone else?
Boss referred me for personal loan and I fell behind on payments. I was referred by my boss for a personal loan through a local bank. It was all good until I lost my job and I got behind. The bank now calls my ex boss telling him I am behind and I need to catch up. I am so embarrassed. What can I do? I'm in N. Carolina.
If I go to the ER
Timeline for sponsoring an H1B visa
Can I sue if I was injured at work and employer didn't have any insurance or workman's comp? I was injured at work and employer didn't have any insurance or workman's comp.I have medical  bills and will never have full power or use of arm.And painful at least 2-3 times a week. Can I sue? How much could I get?
If police have a body warrant
Can a Hospital be held responsible if you are assaulted while in their care?  Can a Hospital be held responsible if you are sexually assaulted while in their care? and can I sue them ?
What can I do if the finance co. is going to take 25% of my paycheck? The finance company is gonna take 25% of my paycheck and I live paycheck to paycheck. I can't afford to have that. What can i do?
Can title company take amoritized taxes from paycheck if not in contract? My employer gave me a $5000 check to buy a home for 2 yrs of service. The check went directly to the title co. Nowhere on the contract did it say that it was taxable income or would be amoritized. Now 2 years later they have started taking amoritized taxes out of my paycheck. Can they do that?
What is fair monetary settle for daughter in physical therapy after car accident? My daughter
We recently bought a house and a home warranty. We need work done on our roof
After signing the a contract to buy a house
I live in Virginia and have rental properties in South Carolina. I was thinking of establishing an LLC. Should I use a Virginia laywer/LLC or must I get a South Carolina attorney and establish the LLC in that state?
Can someone write a stay away order and hand it to you with out going threw the courts?
Is a hearing officer's recommendation legally binding if one of the attorneys filed an objection to it and it was never signed by a judge?
What is required to copyright a graphic design?
Ex-employee expected to return partially paid bonus in full. I started with company X and signed a travel reimbursement form. They would give me $5000 but I would have to work for 2 years. Time came to pay
We rented a house and came home with the locks changed. Mortgage reps came by and told us the property is suppose to be vacant
I helped a friend start a tattoo shop in 8/2010. We parted ways and his shop didnt do well so he's offering it to me... but at a price. He had it for sale for $55k with no bites. His offer is $625 mo/40 mos totalling $30k
Is it legal for a landlord to post a 3 day notice after you have paid the rent? Landlord claimed the check had insufficient funds when it was a teller error at the bank. I went to the bank to check my balance after my landlord had called knowing I had more than enough money in the bank
My former employer sold my restaraunt to a franchise group and my employment was terminated. After my final payroll settlement was issued
How to finalize franchise sale? I have a janitorial franchise with jani-king. I sold the franchise to another person with an approval. I paid them the fee they asked & they say this person had to attend a 2-week training. He had no problem but it's been 2 month and they keep delaying the training. What can i do to finalize it?
Corporation owner convicted of Theft by Swindle Artifice/Trick/Device prior to investing. I am a CA franchisee with a corporation based out of Minnesota. I found out the the Owner of the corporation was convicted of Theft-by Swindle-Artifice/Trick/Device or Other prior to my investment. I would not have invested with them had I known this. Can I void my Franchise agreement?
Can I resell purses without advertising I am licensed dealer? Hi! I'm looking to open up a women's boutique for clothing and accessories.  I would like to re-sale Coach purses I purchase from the outlet Coach store 2 hours away at my store.  Can I do this legally if I do not advertise that I'm a licensed Coach dealer?  Thanks!
I live in Vancouver
Is it legal to hold preliminary hearing without defendant's lawyer present? Is it legal to hold preliminary hearing without the defendant's lawyer present?
How long does ex-wife have to file divorce appeal with IL Supreme Court? My ex-wife appealed our divorce in the IL Second District Appellate court.  I just received the decision and it was completely dismissed without precedence.  I wanted to know if she decides to escalate this to the IL Supreme Court
On a traffic ticket
How to get personal property out of repossessed car? My car was repo-ed today is there any way to get my personal property out of it from the repo guy?
Can landlord make me sign amended lease? Can a landlord amend a lease and make you sign it because they don't want you having a boat on property before lease is up?
Can business be sued if providing service for no charge? Can a business be sued if they are providing a service for no-charge?
Cheap way to get legal help to prevent trade secret theft. What is the cheapest way to get the help of a business attorney or the courts to prevent trade secret theft
Is it legal to sell item customer places on layaway? I placed an item on layaway and made my payment agreements but they sold my item and cannot replace it with the same. Are there any legalities here?
Is it legal to act as attorney for friend? Is it legal to say I am acting as an attorney for a friend  who is trying to get out of trouble?
I want to start a small cake & cupcake buisness at my home but i want to know if there are any regulations or any type of certificate that I need in order for it to be a legal pastry shop.
Can prosecutors stipulate restrictions on operating businesses in certain areas? Is it legal for prosecutors to stipulate someone is not allowed to operate business in a certain area? Like say home improvement? If so
Bankruptcy for majority shareholder. My fiancee is the majority shareholder in a convenience/gasoline store. The gasoline wholesaler holds a mortgage of $80
Making payments on car without reaffirmation. I did a chapter 7 bk in CA 2 years ago. I was advised not to reaffirm my Auto loan
What does voluntary dismissal of continuing writ of garnishment mean? I live in Florida and after jumping through hoops
bankruptcy How much debt is needed to file chapter 7?
Can I file bankruptcy for a six thousand dollar debt? Can I filled bankruptcy for six thousand dollar debt?
Can I incorporate startup with low par value and increase later? Can I incorporate my start up in South Dakota with a low par value like .000001 in order to purchase my founder shares then change the par value later on to .01?I would like to know how can this affect me on the tax side and can the business still be consider for a private sale of  the shares reg D 504 after the par value been change.
Would I be able to get my money back from a costume furniture retailer
What is the grace period on a contract?
Rental car company wants money for unnoticed damage. Before renting a new white car
Can I sue customer for wrongfully disputing credit card charges? I recently had a customer special order a product
If a break a contract with a home security company
Is it legal to make money via website users viewing affiliate company products? I have a reality TV guide website where I get my info from The TV Guide Website. I have also become an affiliate to a few companies
Received copyright infringement lawsuit due to unsecured wi-fi. Unsecured Wi-Fi set up. Received letter lawsuit copyright infringement with settlement purpose $3.500. Please help me
What papers needed when parents permit me to raise their kids? One of my friends wants her children to live in my house under my rules & regulations but does not take custody over them because she can not support them both anymore. When I sign them up for school
Are California Brown Act violations frequently prosecuted? How frequently are California's Brown Act violations prosecuted?
Is it legal to proselytize to children leaving school? Can a church stand outside a school as the school is getting out and try and preach to children leaving school?
How to start non-accredited school in US? What steps must I take/forms must I fill out to legally operate a non-accredited school in the US?  The school would have a physical building with on-campus residents.  I'm not asking for state-specific legal requirements
Can off-duty police officer in personal vehicle write traffic violations? Can an off-duty police officer
Can juvenile be charged as adult for robbery in GA? Can a juvenile be charged as an adult for robbery in the state of Georgia?Juvenile charged as an adult for robbery and recieved the same sentence of one charged with armed robbery.
Is it legal to require employees to start 10 minutes before shift without pay? I work for the Department of Transportation.  It is required we start 10 minutes earlier to log on to the computer and start working at 7:30.  We are not paid for the 10 minutes.  Is it legal to require employees to start 10 minutes earlier and not pay them those 10 minutes?
Job related question I was hired on 2 separate occasions to work at a church owned public daycare. There was no requirement that I had to attend church or pay tithes there. Now they said if I don't attend church there
DirecTV took money from account but also sent collections. DirecTV took $404 out of my account on Saturday. I was sent collections on November 17
How to protect assets and minimize loss if product results in injury? I am starting an online business selling a product which allows sailors to ascend a ship's mast efficiently. Although I am building safeguards
Found hair in sealed package of Easy Mac. I recently opened a sealed package of easy mac. Upon doing so
What are my rights if a car was sold under false pretenses? My son purchased a used car from a dealership about 4 days ago in which I accompanied him. The Buyer's Guide stated the vehicle would be sold As Is- No Warranty. Nothing else explaining any issues was written on that notice nor disclosed to us at anytime during the transaction. We signed the papers & took the car. Later my husband found the Buyers Guide under the seat & the dealer had written in ink that No Systems were covered and the vehicle was being sold as a mechanic special in need of engine repairs. Customer has heard and is aware of noise coming from motor. Sold as is. None of this info was provided to me beforehand nor did we sign anything stating we knew. Now there's engine problems and I'd like to know what are my rights/options. Please!
Can I be liable if someone gets sick from food I prepare? I am a volunteer at a RV resort in Florida. I am in charge of a group that prepares food for the resort  community. Could I be held legally responsible if someone got sick from the food we serve? We buy produce locally and the meat and other supplies comes from a commercial food distributor.
Severe allergic reaction due to mislabeled dessert in restaurant. I was eating at a buffet style restaurant in Oregon last night when I grabbed what was labeled coconut cream pie from the dessert bar. I went back to my table to eat and realized it was not coconut cream pie it was peanut cream pie. I am highly allergic to peanuts and almost died. What should I do?
Can a supervisor tell you that you that you cannot talk or be friends with your co-workers and you cannot talk to each other after work either? The supervisor is the administrator.
Is doctor responsible if patient addicted to narcotics? Is a doctor responsible for getting a patient addicted to pain narcotics?
I am currently helping my daughter through a sexual assault case involving her school teacher. She is now suffering from depression
what is the legal responsibility to a person who has had their mother living with them for many years and now the mother is beyond caring for herself alone all day? None
How long can mental hospital hold my uncle? My uncle was taken to a mental health hospital because he cut his arm. How long are they legally allowed to hold him? They say they are only keeping him there right now because his dilantin levels (to prevent seizures) are low. Can it legally do that?
Person hit my dog and did not stop or tell us. What can I do about someone hitting my dog and he didn't even try to slow down or even stop and tell us that he did it? A family member was standing outside when the guy did it and seen everything. We don't know if there is anything we can do to this guy legally.
Can we sue for punitive damages in KS if uninjured and damages covered by insurance? We were hit by a drunk driver
Can I receive unpaid damages in small claims if in accident with no collision insurance? I live in the state of Michigan. I was in a accident where it was the other person's fault. I had no collision on my vehicle. Am I able to go to small claims court to receive unpaid damages?
Can I file income taxes next year if I do not this January? I did not do my income tax this January. Can I file for it next January?
Can legally separated couple file bankruptcy as married? If I file for legal separation
I took out two payday loans recently and can't afford to pay them. What kind of consequences am I looking at?
Bank adding default interest rates to our commercial RE loans. We have 3 loans from B of A. A commercial RE loan
Are assets such as real estate or vehicles subject to having a lien put on them
What to do if I registered to vote but I did not know permanent residents couldn't vote? I am a permanent resident. Back in 2006
Can my apartment complex evict me cause I can't pay rent due to an incident there? I fell and got hurt at my apartment complex. I can't work due to my injuries. I am going sue. Since I can't work I can't pay my rent. Can they evict me or can i stay here?
Does a owner of a car have any legal rights to hold another person driving their car when it breaks down? Does a owner of a car have any legal rights to hold another person driving their car when it breaks down responsible for the cost of towing and repair?
As a distributor
Do I have any custodial rights to my son if my last name isn't on his birth certificate? me and my wife are separated.My son has my last name but im not on the birth certificate.do i have any custodial rights
Do I have a case if I was staying at a red roof and I found a broken needle from a syringe that poke me? I was staying in a red roof and lying in bed and I felt something poke me. I peeled back the sheets and found a broken needle from a syringe. It punctured my skin. Do I have a case or at least a refund?
Do I have a case if I had a tire explode in my face at a tire shop? I had a tire explode in my face at a tire shop. Do I have a case?
In NYC can a lawyer legally sign their own subpoena? In NYC can a lawyer legally sign their own subpoena?
Why is insurance company making me see physical therapist first when the fault party's will pay my claim? I was in an auto accident in April and the other driver was found immediately at fault. I ended up having to do physical therapy and last week was discharged by the therapist and the doctor. Today I received a letter from MY insurance company that I have to see an independent physical therapist first. Why is my insurance company making me do this when the other fault party's insurance will be paying my claim?
I need to know if I can sue my doctor for malpractice without a lawyer? I need to know if I can sue my doctor for malpractice without a lawyer?
Can I fire my lawyer & settle with the insurances myself without penalty if still under a doctor's care?  If I have a lawyer for a non at fault car accident in 2010 of which I sustained soft tissue injuries that I am still under a doctor's care
Is statute of limitations still good if I received a summons for a car accident that happened 3 yrs ago? i received a summons for a car accident that happened 3 yrs ago. Is statute of limitations still good after this long?
Sue a company for being trapped in their elevator for with no technician & no escape hatch and ladder? Can you Sue a company for being trapped in their elevator for over 2 hours with no technician available and no escape hatch and ladder? They also said some one was stuck in it earlier that day and a technician came and put an anti-tampering mechanism making it impossible to open the doors
What is a good settlement amount for broken shoulder from fall at Safeway due to their negligence?  What is a good settlement amount for broken shoulder from fall at Safeway due to their negligence? I've been out of work for 1.5 years and still receiving multiple physical therapies. My Normal income is $60-$100K.  Have counsel but no amounts discussed yet.
Does federal court have jurisdiction when Nevada resident sues Utah resident? A resident of Nevada sued a resident of Utah in the federal court in California for $60
What are my fiance's options and possibility of him going back after he violated parole? My fiance recently violated parole on June 2nd with a dui. He was on parole for almost 2 years with 20 days to go and had no problems thus far. In September of 2011 we lost a baby at full term
Is it infringement if I type book chapter and send to friends? Can I type up one chapter of a book and send it to some personal friends
I used a semi as collateral to buy a trailer and my business failed. I returned the trailer. What can I do to keep my truck? I used a semi as collateral to buy a trailer and my business failed. I returned the trailer. What can I do to keep my truck?
Is there a law against co2 if I open a paintball business? I am trying to open a paintball business in NY state. Is there a law against co2?
What can I do to stop a service when I stopped the mail order a year ago? I have a problem with a mail order Coffee co.
Is the 4th of July a legal holiday that I should be paid for? Is the 4th of July a legal holiday that I should be paid for?
Legal for a public school to hold a cell phone from a student over night after its been confiscated?  How is it legal for a public school in the U.S. (Idaho) to hold a cell phone from a student over night after its been confiscated? The student is 18 and can sign for it back himself.
How do I protect my investment if the builder dies and doesn't finish? I am building a semi custom home. Non-refundable earnest money. What if the builder dies and doesn't finish. How do I protect my investment? We wrote on a standard land contract w/ a construction contract. I know this is far fetched but just need so advice.
What documentation do we need to file to bring my husband over to America? My husband was deported 2 years ago for 5 years for overstayed visa. He is from West Europe
Does my employer have to pay me for driving off-site? If I am told to start my shift at 530 am to load trucks then drive 1 hour to job site
If I quit my job
Wondering if the grantor in a quit-claim deed needs to have the deed notarized in the same state where the property is located? Wondering if the grantor in a quit-claim deed needs to have the deed notarized in the same state where the property is located?
Can an employer require you to bring in a doctor's note if you call in sick on a Sunday (weekend)? Can an employer require you to bring in a doctor's note if you call in sick on a Sunday (weekend)?
Is the red cross image copyrighted? Is the red cross (image) copyrighted? I'm a sign maker and my veterinarian wishes to use it in a sign I am making for him. He is concerned he can't use it.
List and describe the functions of law in business? List and describe the functions of law in business?
What do I need to do if I want to terminate my sister's temporary guardianship of my daughter? I gave my sister temporary guardianship of my daughter now. I want to terminate it. What do I need to do?
Can employer legally lower position due to staying home with sick child? Can my employer lower my position because I have to stay home with a sick child?
Must private club return initiation fees if membership revoked during trial period? Is there an argument to have your initiation fees to a private club returned if your membership was revoked within their trial period? It was due to non participation which its bylaws do not list as a requirement to membership.
What happens if you turn 18 on court date after fighting minor? What happens if you are engaged in a fight with a minor two days before you turn 18. However
What to do if I'm being charged with theft by receiving but I didn't? I was in a vehicle with a friend and they had a stolen pistol in the hood of their vehicle. I knew nothing about it. Now I am being charged with theft by receiving. What should I do? I am being charged with theft by receiving but I didn't receive
 What if I live out of state from where I was married and want a divorce?
Need advise on how to handle hosting liability?  We are a 501.3c and our reunion is coming up.  We have hosted all the alcohol free for years.  Now
How much child support should I get for my child that lives with me? How much child support should I get for my child that lives with me?
Can we return a new car 2012 we bought less than 3 weeks ago to the dealership because loss of job? Can we return a new car 2012 we bought less than 3 weeks ago to the dealership because loss of job?
When replacing XXX Living Trust dated MM/DD/YYYY with a new Living Trust can the new Trust retain the name of the old trust to avoid having to retitle property currently in the old trust?   When replacing XXX Living Trust dated MM/DD/YYYY with a new Living Trust can the new Trust retain the name of the old trust to avoid having to retitle property currently in the old trust?  (Trust State=Oregon)
is it possible to setup an internet funding portal for individuals to crowdfund their mortgage? Given the new provisions of the JOBS Act
Is the income taxable if a business owner receives an insurance settlement for loss of income and loss of his building after a sinkhole dispute? A business owner receives an insurance settlement for loss of income and loss of his building after a sinkhole dispute. Is the income taxable?
Question regarding if I was hit by an insured party? We were hit by an insured party.  Property damage is around $10K.  Two people were injured
Does one illegal clause in contract null and void the entire contract? We have a contract that stipulates a series of actions to perform debt settlement activities.  One of actions says the signee must pay X amount of dollars when the contract is signed (i.e.
What can I do to cancel the lease prior to its start date? I am a business owner that rents a storefront and I signed a lease in February of 2012 to begin April 1st of 2012. The landlord explained that I would be able to remodel the new space prior to the opening on April 1st. He has not kept to the verbal agreement. Now I do not want to move to the new space. He threatened to sue me if I do not want to move in. No deposits have been made at this point. What can I do to cancel the lease prior to its start date?
Why is a sheriff's duty giving out tickets under FSS 316.123 when a vehicle makes a full stop at a stop sign but the vehicle tires are not on the white stop bar?  Why is a sheriff's duty giving out tickets under FSS 316.123 when a vehicle makes a full stop at a stop sign but the vehicle tires are not on the white stop bar?   What happens if you are short of the stop bar
What to do if you went for a green card interview and they said you won't hear from them in 2 weeks? What to do if you went for a green card interview and they said you won't hear from them in 2 weeks?
Can I send my Lawyer a 1099 for all the work they have done for me throughout the year? Can I send my Lawyer a 1099 for all the work they have done for me through out the year?
How can you split a property if the other party doesn't want to? How can you split a property if the other party doesn't want to?
Thanks. None
If no service is provided and no item sold can they charge a sales tax? i am charged $50. if I miss a appointment to calibrate my interlock device with my for my interlock provider. if no service is provided
Can I file harassment charges if terminated for having affair with boss? I had an affair with one of my bosses. He is a partner in the company. He and his wife are bullying me to quit. The other partner does not know. The affair ended 2 months ago. If I am fired
How to reapply for same trademark and prevent another from registering it? Due tomorrow
How can I ensure in my contract that I do not get stuck with product as well as unpaid balances or refunds for products already bought? I am starting a business making event favors and as we all know some events can cancel at the last minute.  I do not want to get stuck with product as well as unpaid balances or refunds for products already bought.  How can I apply this in my contract?
With a student visa who got 2 misdemeanor charges
Will it be a problem to get my green card renewed if it expired in 1998 when I am a permanent resident? I am a permanent resident and my green card expired in 1998. Will it be a problem to get it renewed? Can I file for citizenship thru my husband with a expired green card? I don't want to pay both fees. What's recommended??
Does my landlord have to pay me to move if he sold the house I was renting? my landlord sold the house I am renting. Does he have to pay me to move?
Can I sue my husband's girlfriend?  Can I sue my husband's girlfriend? I read something about it somewhere.
Deferred action or just wait? Deferred action or just wait? I am a permanent resident and filed an I-130 on October 2010 for my husband who is illegal at the moment
What do I do when my ex moved away with my son and I haven't heard from them in over three weeks? What do I do when my ex moved away with my son and I haven't heard from them in over three weeks?
What can I do if my last employer is making up lies & preventing me from obtaining new employment? What can I do if my last employer is making up lies & preventing me from obtaining new employment?
Can my daughter ask for a temporary visa for her father to come and visit her when he;s from Cancun? My daughters dad lives in Cancun Mexico. He's not Mexican all though he has a passport to travel all over but not the USA. Can my daughter ask for a temporary visa for him to come and visit her?
Can you be put in prison for owing state tax? Can you be put in prison for owing state tax?
Question regarding a hot air balloon to a person in another state? We sold a hot air balloon to a person in another state. We offered them to come and inspect in person
What to do next if your employer accused you of stealing and told you that they are investigating? What to do next if your employer accused you of stealing and told you that they are conducting an investigation on you?
How do I proceed if company will not give me a termination date until I file for fmla? After not abiding by their own company policies and not offering fmla until after I reached
Registering similar business trademark in different industry. We sell a product line called CODELOCK since 2003 (CODELOCK PHP/HTML Encoder
Is using dance moves from someone else illegal? Is using dance moves from someone else illegal? I'm opening a dance fitness company but Zumba has used every dance step in their program.
Does the shop owner have the right to unilaterally sell your property that he has repaired if it has not been picked up and paid for within the 90 day agreed  time period? Under California law
Is a wife the automatic heir when the husband dies in the state of Colorado?  Is a wife the automatic heir when the husband dies in the state of Colorado?  Can she endorse a check with the husbands name as deceased then her name?
I just found out my ex has a criminal sexual conduct charge and I have a PPO on him but he is fighting it.  He has already violated it and I have the police report.  What should I do? Would it help me to use the CSC to show what he is capable of?
Is there a statute of limitation of time to sign a contract to publish a book by a publisher?  Also
Do I have the right to view and make copies of my personal file with my employer? I live and work in PA. Do I have the right to view and make copies of my personal file with my employer?
Can my employer refuse to release my 401k funds when if transfer to Canada while working for the same company as a Canadian? Can my employer refuse to release my 401k funds when if transfer to Canada while working for the same company as a Canadian?
What happens when an incapacitated person gets better and ends his/her conservatotship? what happens when an incapacitated person gets better and ends his/her conservatotship?will the court turn over all banking information to the owner of the estate?
Is this an eviction notice or just a notice from the landlord to pay? I have just been served a notice to quit because I am $400 short on my January payment of $2
What can I do if I was never notified of any judgements or liens? I am in the midst of a refi.  I just found out that there are liens on my property from judgements against my ex-wife.  She was an owner up until 3/2011 when I bought her out and she signed a quit claim.  These liens were placed prior to the quit claim.  I was never notified of any judgements or liens.  What can I do?
Can you be refused at a bar when you are given no reason why?  Can you be refused at a bar when you are given no reason why? you have not even had a drink before going there.
Am I legally entitled to my father's savings when he passes as I am his power of attorney? I am the power of attorney for my father who never prepared a will. Am I legally entitled to his savings when he passes?
Can I get out of the contract if i signed an apartment contract as a minor without any signature of a parent? i signed an apartment contract when i was 17 years old without any signature of a parent. Can i get out of that contract?
Should I sign the Full and Final Mutual Release of All Claims form so I could get my check or should I have something drawn up to reassure she won't sue me for the missing dog? My dog was lost for a week do to the owner of the dog care facility leaving the door open. She is willing to pay me what costs I ended up with trying to find my dog (We did eventually find the dog). Before she gives me the check she wants me to sign a Full and Final Mutual Release of All Claims form. I have read over it and it looks pretty standard. Should I sign this so I get my check or should I have something drawn up for her to sign so she can't sue me over anything pertaining to the week my dog was missing?
What are the procedures in a state court general civil case? I would like to what happens to the defendants in a State Court General Civil Case- lawsuit? I'm being sued the case category is Contract. I would like to know my rights. I received a Plaintiff's motion for summary judgement. What are the procedures? What happens to me? What are my rights?
Can university legally post number without my knowledge? At my university
Can my wife move 3 hours away if we get a divorce and we have kids? My wife and I are getting a divorce and we share custody.  Can she move 3 hours away or move anywhere in the state with my kids as long as I get my kids on my days?
In California must a seller reject an offer before he can review another offer? In California must a seller reject an offer before he can review another offer?
What documentation is required to prove that you have been paying child support for a child that is living with you in Florida? What documentation is required to prove that you have been paying child support for a child that is living with you in Florida?
What to do if boyfriend refuses to move or sell house?  What if I bought a house with my boyfriend and now we are not together but he won't move out or agree to sell the house
Can I file for my green card if my spouse has abandoned our marriage by cheating? Can I file for my green card if my spouse has abandoned our marriage by cheating?
If an attorney utilizes a cloud storage system
Do you have so many days or hours to cancel a product you have ordered online? Do you have so many days or hours to cancel a product you have ordered online?
Who has right of way entering freeway?  Who has the right of way on entering a freeway?
Case if I was fired from a call center after using profanity in a customer's complaint form? I got fired from a call center after using profanity in a customers complaint the complaint form says tell us what the customer says verbatim. Do I have a case?
What happens in a motion to revoke bond? What's the process of a motion to revoke bond?
Legal for the landlord kept copy of our house keys at the neighbor's house? I found out today that my landlord has kept a copy of our house keys at the neighbor's house.  Is this legal?  My husband is a doctor and sometimes carries patient files back home.  We are worried about how the neighbor having access to our home may affect privacy under Hippa as well as my husband's livelihood.
Can I get a mortgage when I'm co-owners with my husband and he as not filed bankruptcy yet? My husband filed chapter 7 which is not over yet
Question regarding my partner stealing at work? If my partner steals something at work
 Can a company force you to have your picture made for use as decoration or possibly their web site?
Possible case for firing when I was pregnant? I was fired for alleged unsafe act at work
What is the legal age in California to sign a credit agreement contract? What is the legal age in California to sign a credit agreement contract?
Does my ex have the right to have anyone pick up our daughter after school because it is is assigned day?  Does my ex husband have the right to have anyone pick up our daughter after school because it is is assigned day? This is after I quit my after school coaching job so that I would be available to pick our daughter up. We discussed this prior to the start of school. Do I have the right to pick her up since I have made myself available to do so? I bring her to her dad on his days ASAP when he is available on his days.
Can judge overrule 10 year old child custody decision from different state? Will another judge in a different state over role a child custody that was given in the next state 10 years ago? Mom was given sole custody 10 years ago unmarried and now married 2 years and is getting divorce. Can dad file for custody again? Will the Judge change the first order?
Rights if I am an hourly worker but I do not punch a time clock I fill out a written time sheet? I am an hourly worker but I do not punch a time clock I fill out a written time sheet.  What are my rights about this being legal or correct?
 Can i legally smoke marijuana in Colorado while I'm on probation if I have AIDS?
Trying to file lawsuit for hostile work environment discrimination and slander. I need some legal advice about my rights at work I was trying to file a lawsuit with my employer for hostile work environment discrimination and slandering my name from one particular manager that works for the company I tried several times bringing it to our DM attention.
am I able to copyright the music if an unsigned artist's CD left in my possession and died after? If an half developed CD by an upcoming artist is left in my procession and the unsigned artist is deceased am I able to copyright the music?
I have a contract with regards to work and would like to get clarity on it before signing it. Help? I have a contract with regard to work and would like to get clarity on it before signing it. Would you help me?
Disputing discrepancy in moving company's estimated price and final bill. What course of action do we have with a moving company whose final bill is $1200 more than their binding estimate who is refusing to deliver our belongings until we pay the bill in full? We are disputing the discrepency between the estimate and the final weight.They are saying that unless we pay them before they even start unloading
How many times or how long can a judge postpone a trial? How many times or how long can a judge postpone a trial?
How do I file a petition to modify a court sentence in PA without an attorney? How do I file a petition to modify a court sentence in PA without an attorney?
Can my employer withdraw money from my paycheck without my permission? Can my employer withdraw money from my paycheck without my permission?
Question regarding submitting a disability application to California PERS and getting a hearing? I did not submit a disability application to California PERS within 9 months of leaving employment on a disability.  I have never returned to work and am permanently disabled. I asked for retroactive pay to the date of termination and they have denied it.  I have a hearing 7/31/2012
If someone is a Trustee Executor of their deceased mother's estate
If we rented and had no lease are we liable for small repairs when leaving? If we rented and had no lease are we liable for small repairs when leaving?
What penalties would I face for unknowingly have unauthorized use of my brother's car? After using a car my brother rented in January. I was arrested in July for unauthorized use of a vehicle. I was under the impression that this was a long term rental and was not contacted by the rental company. I was not listed as an additional driver but my brother is not in the country and left the car with me. The vehicle is said to be worth $16800 What steps should I take now?What penalties would I face?
How many hours can an employer make you work in one week (7 days)? How many hours can an employer make you work in one week (7 days)?
Question regarding if my landlord only gave back a portion of my security deposit? My landlord only gave back a portion of my security deposit.  we went to small claims and she did not show u
Can the mother of my son move him out of the state of Florida without my consent?  Can the mother of my son move him out of the state of Florida without my consent?  We are not married and neither one of us has filed for custody but my son has been living his mother since he was born.
Correct if a police station moves each account with services to that station has to notify the specific carrier of the change?  I have an alarm circuit supplied by AT&T;
What laws protect contractors when client breaches contract? Are there specific laws protecting contractors in Kansas when a client breaches a contract. What are the steps that they need to take to insure that they have a lawsuit if necessary?
Having an Issue with a joint several lease i was signed on to? I am having an Issue with a joint several lease i was signed on to. Originally three of us signed the lease with our original landlord. Our property was then sold to a new real estate company. We then acquired a fourth roommate whom told us he signed the lease when he went and paid his portion of the rent. He paid the first four months then disappeared. I have documents proving he lived at the residence (ex. DTE bills & other forms of mail in his name) and proof that our landlord was accepting payments from him. I guess my question is
What to do if my ex-wife wants $600 per month support when I'm low on my other family? My ex-wife wants 600 per month support. My wife and four kids will have less than 400 dollars per month to live on.
By law can the salon withhold my client information and withhold my new location from my clients? I am a independent hair stylist
Can I keep my son with me against his mother's wishes if he wants to be with me? My ex-wife
Question about renting? I am renting a room on a month-to-month rental agreement. I told the rentor I might be facing foreclosure and gave him written 40 day notice that I received NOD and that the lease is terminated as of March 31st. He has not paid rent for 2 months now and refuses to leave. I have short saled my house and I will have to leave by April 31st and he refuses to leave at all. What do I do and how long will it take to get him out? He's even storing things in my garage which was not in the agreement and I need to use it.
Is it legal to transfer VHS tapes to DVD? I work for a public school in MN. We would like to transfer our VHS tapes to DVD. Is that legal to do?  We are doing this because of the direction technology is going and VCR's are a thing of the past.  We have a huge library of VHS education movies and videos that we want to preserve in DVD.
If we worded affiliated with one our flyers or cards would this get us in trouble if someone tried to sue one of our companies? We have a LLC company 
What do I have to do to get the temporary guardianship dropped now? Myself and my son's father
What must I give the court to make my ex's request of moving out of state legal? I live in Michigan and want to move out of state.  I am divorced and have custody of my two kids.  My ex-wife approves of the move
Can I sue my customer for calling me a racist in front of everybody? Can I sue my customer for calling me a racist in front of everybody?
What are my rights as a renter & Is my landlord responsible for this damage or am I? I have a very serious mold and bug problem at my house that I am currently renting. My landlord refuses to  pay for or even help with these issues. This is becoming bad to where I feel our health is at risk. I am curious to what my rights are as a renter. Is my landlord responsible for this  damage or am I?  Also.  this damage was done before I took residency. Thank you
How do we respond if our brand is in conflict with another company? We received a letter from our trademark application that our brand name may be in conflict with another company. We want to respond and make our case
How do I file a claim on another person for $22000.00 for a loan not paid? How do I file a claim on another person for $22000.00 for a loan not paid?
If I married an illegal immigrant and he overstayed after his visa expires
do I have the right to not go to work without the fear of losing my job if they're testing safeness? If my workplace is being tested for potential health safety violations and I don't feel it is a safe environment
Is it illegal for a company to write an insufficient funds check? Is it illegal for a company to write an insufficient funds check?
Is it legal to suspend somebody from work after the situation has passed over a month? Is it legal to suspend somebody from work after the situation has passed over a month?
Can my landlord put a No Trespassing sign on the property I rent without my knowledge? I rent a property with manufactured home on it since January 20
How can I find out salaries of union leaders? How can I find out salaries of union leaders?
If an illegal immigrant marries a US Citizen
 If someone says that you have a borderline personality disorder
True that I can not file suit against a bad drug manufacturer? In the state of Michigan I have been told that I can not file suit against a bad drug manufacturer? Is this the case? Or can I file a suit?
Legal rights if I was rear ended driving my fiance's car but not sure if I'm covered by his insurance? Hi. Yesterday I was rear ended driving my fiance's car but not sure if I'm covered by his insurance. What are my legal rights?
Responding to a divorce
Can agent sue me if I cancel buyer agent agreement then make offer with new agent? If I cancel my buyer agent agreement
Is it against the law to video record a law officer in VA if there is violation of VA laws?  Is it against the law to video record a law officer in VA if there is violation of VA laws? And what can I do? Should take him to court for breaking the law our do I sue county.
Question regarding a 50/50 business partnership with my wife and another couple? My wife and I entered a 50/50 business partnership with another couple with the intent to open a small retail business.  We did not have any partnership agreement drawn up.  This partnership was really one of mutual interest and was started b/c we could not each start individual businesses due to not having the capital to do so.  We started the process of opening this business when the first sign that maybe this partnership wasn't going to work.  We invested 5k so far.  We walked away from the partnership due to our concerns.  What are our rights or entitlements to any money invested since the partner's want to continue on with the business.  Do they need to repay us/buy us out?  Thank you.Ben
Where can I get an Example of wording to file a Frivolous Lawsuit when counter-suing? Where can I get an Example of wording to file a Frivolous Lawsuit when counter-suing?
In a retainer
If a person goes and change name to yours without your consent
If you get served stating that you owe money as far back as 16 years ago is the person owed the money? If you get served with  papers stating that you owe money as far back as 16 years ago is the person owed the money
What can i do about some people from the government stalking me & no one believing me? What can i do about some people from the government stalking me and law enforcement refusing to take a report insisting that I'm crazy when there are witnesses?
Question about US federal/state capital gains owed on sale of overseas property? Question is about US federal/state capital gains owed on sale of overseas property. US permanent resident (since 2008
if I'm selling a home for cash do you still need to go thru a title company? if I'm selling a home for cash do you still need to go thru a title company?
If victim denies medical attention at crime scene and goes to hospital later is defendant liable for bills? If victim denies medical attention at crime scene and victim goes to hospital later is defendant liable for bills?
Can my employer withhold my last check? Can my employer withhold my last check?
Do I have to split the rewrite amount I receive with my wife? I'm getting divorced and have Intellectual property that I know I have to split with my wife in the form of past scripts.  However after the script is sold
How do I file a  Fraud against the court claim? How do I file a  Fraud against the court claim ?
Can my bank foreclose on me if I paid late on my modified mortgage? I recently gotten my mortgage modified  with Bank of America and happen to pay late but is current. Can they foreclose on me still?
Any recourse if I recently broke two toes accessing an entryway to a rented home? I recently broke two toes accessing an entryway to a rented home. Do I have any recourse?
What are my rights if I slipped on something in a store that has not yet been detected? I slipped on something in a department store. What i slipped on has not yet been detected. What are my rights?
Is the landlord responsible and can I break my lease if he won't hire an exterminator? I am renting a house in South Florida and have had issues with rodents and roaches in the house. The landlord refuses to hire a professional exterminator. We've been using bug spray almost daily in the house
How much do I owe my attorney for a custody issue? I hired an attorney for a custody issue with a $2
What are my rights as a non-custodial parent? My son's mother is his custodial parent right now.  She told me that I could come get my son to come stay with me because he has been getting into trouble at school.  I need to know what are my rights as a parent if I come to get him and his mother decides to change her mind.
True that POA dies with the deceased? My brother has had POA over our mother and over all of her finances. Now that she may pass he is saying that my sister and I will have to take care of her funeral that power of attny dies with her. Is this true or because he was over her finances too he has to take care of all her bill?
Can a mortgage loan servicing co. change our mortgage even if we are current with our loan? Can a mortgage loan servicing co. change
My employer of three years ran a background check without me knowing about it. Then
Should I incorporate as an LLC in my home state or elsewhere
Can one spouse be bound by a contract entered into by the other spouse in Illinois?
Can an employer cancel my shift 1 hour before it starts without paying me? Can an employer cancel my shift 1 hour before it starts without paying me?
Once you go to court and plead not guilty can one change your plead to guilty? Once you go to court and plead not guilty can one change your plead to guilty?
What is my entitlement from FMLA and if I have to fight them do I have a fight? Under FMLA I have been reading the law and as I understand I am entitled to 12 weeks unpaid leave w/ins benefits still intact for the birth and care of my newborn. My Dr put medical reason this date to return
What type of action can be taken by my son in order for them to honor the original contract set? I don't actually own a company but
Legal if my checking account was empty for an old child support case? i am a disabled veteran receiving benefits and I went to get money out of my checking account and it was empty. My kids are in their late 20s so its old but child support took it all. Is this legal?
What other options do we have besides bankruptcy? I have a commercial  lease agreement for 5 years
Is it legal for a convenient store to charge double the price of a grocery store for their food? Is it legal for a convenient store to charge double the price of a grocery store for their food?
What is the legal recourse if an employer was to terminate employment without cause or notice? What is the legal recourse if an employer was to terminate employment without cause or notice?
If my husband only makes $203 a week how much of that would would child support for one son? If my husband only makes $203 a week how much of that would he have to give of child support for one son?
Can my past employer stop me from getting unemployment? Can my past employer stop me from getting unemployment?
What do i do if my estranged husband took photos of the downstairs? My ex-husband and I have been separated for six months. I still live in the marital home. Last weekend he entered the home when I was not in (children were home) without my consent and took photos of the downstairs. Is that allowed?
Question regarding my work firing me? My work fired me this morning. There is a lot to say and is there any way i can talk on phone and explain everything?
I received a final invoice from my painting contractor for painting my house
Can I sue for a check being stolen and illegally cashed? I live in Florida. Someone stole my government issued check from my mailbox and cashed it. I have a copy of the cancelled check that shows where they forged my signature. What legal recourse can I take? Can I file a civil suit against the check cashing store that illegally cashed the check?
When is a pet dog considered abandoned? When is a pet dog considered abandoned?We were asked by my brother in law to watch his dog.  We have had him for over a year and he has come to pick him up against our approval. This is after several vet bills
How  would I be able to get power of attorney for my grandmother her being a care home? I have a grandmother that is 104 years old in a care home. My aunt (her daughter) passed away recently and was the sole power of attorney financially for my grandmother.  How  would I be able to get power of attorney for her with her being a care home?
What are the consequences of secondary parent taking child from primary parent out of state & keeping child? What are the consequences of secondary parent taking child from primary parent out of state to Oklahoma and keeping child
Can the loan company sell my home to pay what's left on the loan even though the deed is nut in her name? My mother took out a loan on my house 18 years ago at that time the deed was in her name but was put back in my name 10 years ago. I wasn't aware of this loan until last month when my mother passed away. Can the loan company sell my home to pay what's left on the loan even though the deed is nut in her name?
Now that the land is on my name does my uncle still maintain his exclusive right since I'm the new owner? Yes good day. I have a piece of property which I inherited. My uncle has an exclusive rights easement which he obtained through my mother for $1.00 which puts land damage to the value of the land. Now that the land is on my name does he still maintain his exclusive right since I'm the new owner? It has made it very difficult to sell property. What law do I look under to get  more info? This is in Mass.
Legal if my employer said that I need to take a day off without pay when I'm a salaried employee? I work in New York as a salaried employee.  My employer said that I need to take a day off without pay.  Is that legal?
What's the law for receiving wages due when leaving a job? My son was hired by a Boston software company as a paid intern for the Spring semester. The company did not pay him for the last 6 weeks of his time there
Anything I can do if my boss ignores me & will say I voluntarily quit & won't be able to get unemployment? I'm a security guard. I have been at my site over a year. As soon as my baby was born my site supervisor started complaining about my availability even though I work whatever is on my schedule but have trouble being called in
Is there something I need to tell my attorney if I have been diagnosed with unrelated cancer? My CA workers comp case is close to settlement.I have recently been diagnosed with unrelated cancer.Is this something I need to tell my attorney?
How long does a former employer have to send final pay? How long does a former employer have to send final pay?
Do you have to have two license plates in New York? Do you have to have two license plates in New York state?
Question regarding an eviction notice for non-payment of rent but he wont repair things? i have an eviction notice from landlord for non payment of rent but he wont repair things that need done and I believe this house is going for foreclosure. Not sure how to check on that.
How to get custody of my daughter? I am looking to get custody of my daughter who resides in Connecticut and I live in Florida. She is thirteen years old and her dad has custody. She wants to be with me now and her dad has a lot of criminal
Can I take legal action for violation of private info by tmobile and failure of AT&T to protect my account? A few days ago AT&T; cancelled my cell phone account without notice. When I inquired they informed me that tmobile had sent a number transfer request. I never authorized tmobile to do so nor did I provide ten account information and numbers to initiate this. AT&T; allowed the transfer without proper verification and I'm wondering if I can take legal action for 1)misuse/violation of private information by tmobile
Do I need to be emancipated if my grandfather has custody and I'm 17? I am 17. I live in Hollywood Florida. I am looking too move out of my house. My grandfather has custody. Is it legal for me too move out with his permission or do I need to be emancipated?
Can I claim full payment of original loan on foreclosed property? I have foreclosed on a piece of land for non-payment of the loan.   The property is now worth less than the amount of the loan.   Do I have the right to claim full payment of the original amount of the loan?
If I apply my sister visiting visa what should I do? i applied my parents for immigrant but my unmarried sister  age 40 can not live without them my parents have interview date Oct 4-2012. If I apply my sister visiting visa what should I do?
 I live in a senior building for a year and a half. I am moving to another building in a different county. They are telling me I have to pay to get the carpet clean. There is no damage or stains on the carpet. They say they will take it out of security. It is not written in the lease about that. Are they allowed to do that?
What do I do if my work is discriminating against me because I'm a female? I am a woman and on the same job for five years without a pay increase.  Men have been hired since and all have been with the company less time than I have and all are making more money than me.  When I ask for a raise I am told that the company cannot afford it
How can my husband become a us citizen if he was deported and is illegally back before the ban is up? How can my husband become a us citizen or permanent resident if he has been deported and is in the us illegally back before the ban is up?I want to file a I-130 and I-601 but I don't know what else to do I have a mental disorder would that help him come back if he is deported again and we also have a son would that help too?
My 5 year old son and I live in Texas. My ex-husband is moving to Washington DC. My ex husband is very deceiving and cannot be trusted. I feel uncomforable with my son going to DC in summers and spring break. How can I make sure he sends my son back home and who takes care of him when my ex works?
If I give my ex a copy of my son's birth certificate
Can they legally take the money without notifying me? I was 7 days late paying my business loan this month as some of my customers are late paying me and I choose to pay my suppliers before my loan. The bank took the loan payment out of my account without telling me causing the checks to my suppliers to bounce. Can they legally take they money without notifying me?
Is there a law that I could quote him stating why I can't speak with him about it? I sent a rejection letter to an applicant.  The applicant's father wants us to tell him why?  He was explained that we cannot discuss why
Do I have a legal right to the money since the new owner intends to live in the house? I had lease option to buy a house and the owner sold it to someone else. I had paid a total of $2400
is sending a notice of demand via certified mail suitable to take my car back legally after nonpayment? is sending a notice of demand via certified mail suitable to take my car back legally after nonpayment per written agreement?
I'm a singer who performed vocals on an artists album. Am I not entitled to a copy of my vocals even though they wrote the song?
Can school remove courses from transcript if you owe money after graduation? Are schools legally allowed to remove courses from your transcript if they say you owe money after graduating?
Can my wife get my pension in a divorce if married four years and no children? Can my wife get my pension in a divorce if married four years and no children?
What standing does a verbal agreement have? What standing does a verbal agreement have?
Is a text message enough evidence to arrest a person that sent the text message about drugs? if a person sends a text message saying he/she gave another person money to buy drugs but did not received the drugs
Question of Liability when removed from act. Am I liable if two or more people who find themselves on my website
Is there a labor law that states that if I have two full time job and quit one but keep the other one and get fired a couple months later? Is there a labor law that states that if I have two full time job and quit one but keep the other one and get fired a couple months later? Is there any reason that I shouldn't get unemployment?
Is my employer required to pay me for that hour prior to my scheduled arrival time? I work for a major retailer in the state of PA.  The shifts I am scheduled to work are on on call.  I am required to call in 1 hour prior to my scheduled arrival time to confirm it I am needed or not.  Is my employer required to pay me for that hour?
What's the difference between chapter 7 and chapter 13 bankruptcy? What's the difference between chapter 7 and chapter 13 bankruptcy?
Can a landlord evict a tenant if they state that they smelled marijuana in an apartment but no proof? Can a landlord evict a tenant if they state that they smelled marijuana in an apartment but have no physical evidence to support the allegation?
Legal for a law enforcer to strike an unarmed intoxicated person in the head with a maglight? is it legal for a law enforcement officer to strike an unarmed intoxicated person in the head with a maglight?
If I make less than $4000 do I have to file taxes? If I make less than $4000 do I have to file taxes?
Can I send someone else to represent me as a minor's legal guardian if i can't make it to the immigration court date? Can I send someone else to represent me as a minor's legal guardian if i can't make it to the immigration court date?
Purchased car with lien on title and seller dies. Hi
What to do if my employer deposited my pay into the wrong account but refuses to fix it? I was doing work for a company who deposited my pay into the wrong account but refuses to fix it?
Question regarding trying to get out of lease for an apartment and I didn't get job and cannot pay? Trying to get out of lease for an apartment and I didn't get job and cannot pay. My mom co-signed with me but is having to file bankruptcy. Apartment manager says cannot get out of lease.
Is it legal for someone else to cash a CD? My husband and I were given a CD four yrs ago by a friend. When she died we tried to cash it in and the bank said someone already cashed it. The CD was in trust for us. Is it legal for someone else to cash this CD?
If I pulled a knife on a coworker what are the consequences? If I pulled a knife on a coworker what are the consequences?
Can a verbal agreement be canceled? Can a verbal agreement be canceled?
Can my sister who is a minor
Possible case if the bank doesn't have the certificate or title on file? Bank of America holds my mortgage that the bought when Countrywide went belly up. I was instructed by a friend to call them and ask them if they could provide me with a copy of the hard title. They told me they don't have the certificate or title on file. She looked through all of the documents that they have including the original application but they cannot seem to provide me with this certificate. I was told that this hard title or certificate is the document that legally entitles them to receive payment on this loan and proves that they own the property. Please let me know if I have a case and if I need to get an attorney.
What to do if I'm falsely accused of taking a patient's medication? I just found out that I am being accused of taking a patients medication that I didn't take. What can I do?
If 2 people own a foreclosed house & one person files bankruptcy
I have been married to a U.S. citizen for four years now. Is it wise to start the process for him to petition me now? HiMy name is Cristina. I have been married to a U.S citizen for four years now. Is it wise to start the process for him to petition me now? If he petitions me now then in six months we would have our first interview
If I marry a Mexican who is not legally in the USA can they get their green card faster? If I marry a Mexican who is not legally in the USA can they get their green card faster?
Will illegal immigrant married to US citizen with children be able to get papers? I am married to a U.S. citizen ( she was born in Puerto Rico) I entered the U.S. illegally from Mexico 10 years ago. We have been married for a year and have 2 kids ( 4 year old and 2 month  old) Will it be really hard to get my papers?
What steps do I have to follow to give my wife papers? What steps do I have to follow to give my wife papers?
If I'm married to an illegal alien can he get legal? If I'm married to an illegal alien can he get legal?
How do I legalize my husband so we can live peacefully and he can adopt my two children?  how do I legalize my husband so we can live peacefully and he can adopt my two children? We have a child together as well.
Need help filing citizenship for illegal immigrant husband. I am a US citizen and he entered the US illegally from Honduras.  We have been together for almost 6 years. We have a son who is 4
Should private piano teacher and freelance tutor form LLC? I am a private piano teacher
How can I sue my employer for not paying me? Hello
What else can my husband do after he has filed for unemployment and been turn down? What else can my husband do after he has filed for unemployment and been turn down?
Is it legal to wear a T shirt with a profane curse word written on it? Is it legal to wear a T shirt with a profane curse word written on it?
When I leave my wife for the intent to divorce
Question regarding my late father and his living will and trust? My dad died on the 25th of July and know he had a living will and trust. But his wife is not communicating with me my brother and my sister. What can I do?
Do I need to register each division of parent company separately? I am starting a business in MN that will eventually serve as the parent company for four or five seperate divisions. Do I need to register each division with the Secretary of State's office as Parent Company DBA _______Division?
If I buy a house that has 2 mortgages on it and pay off the primary lender what happens to the 2nd motrgage holder? If I buy a house that has 2 mortgages on it and pay off the primary lender what happens to the 2nd mortgage holder?
Can my realty/landlord charge me 45.00 a month for a dog?  Can my realty/landlord charge me 45.00 a month for a dog?
Am I legally obligated to remove the address from my website if another bike shop has the same address? If I close my bike shop and another person opens his bike shop at the same address
If a child turns 18 but is still a junior in high school
tenants rights What are my rights as a tenant paying week to week without a lease in Maryland?
Am I abandoning children if I move out but pay child support during absence? I am getting a divorce in the state of New York. I moved out from my home 6 months ago. I have paid my soon-to-be-ex child support every month since I have been gone. Can she get me for abandonment of my 20-year old daughter and 14-year old daughter??
Any advice to getting my trademark accepted? I applied for a trademark and was denied - my response I thought was strong as the trademark I applied for is my company name.  It does include the word best in it as thousands of other trademarks do.  I was denied again saying the term best was laudatory.  This is no in final action and I would like to respond and get my trademark accepted before it is final. Any advice?  I had attorneys send me letters telling me they would submit during the first round but no one has sent anything since.
How do I protect my idea if I have an idea for a bar and grill? I have a concept for a bar and grille that I want to market as a franchise. What the best way to protect my idea?
How much modification from original item needed to copyright? How much difference does there need to be from the original item to my own modifications
Can a parent without parental rights file a motion for joint custody from a third party guardian? Can a parent without parental rights file a motion for joint custody from a third party guardian?
Can I terminate violent father's paternal rights? I currently have a restraining order on my child's father due to him punching me in the stomach when I was pregnant. He has gotten this girl to attack me when my daughter was only 2 mos. old. He has recently stabbed the same girl in the forehead. Can I terminate his paternal rights?
How can I file for divorce and require my husband to pay the costs?  How can I file for divorce and require my husband to pay the costs?  He has control of the  majority of the income.
Is an apartment lease legally binding if only one person signs it and there is a line for a parent signature requiring a notary seal?  Is an apartment lease legally binding if only one person signs it and there is a line for a parent signature requiring a notary seal?  My son signed a lease and the landlord requires my signature with a notary seal on the lease but I do not want him to rent the apartment.  Can we get out of the lease?
How do we get grandparent rights for our 6 month old granddaughter? The mother has recently moved and has stopped all contact with the father's family. We would like set visitation with out granddaughter. What do we do? We miss her so much.
If my ex is not my daughter's biological father is he obligated to financially support her also? I have joint custody of my daughter with my ex husband. He is not her biological father is he obligated to financially support her also? In Connecticut.
Can I get my California id with just my approval letter? Can I get my California id with just my approval letter?
How to have seller disclose number of bidders for house? If a person places a bid contract on a house and the real estate company for the seller states someone else has also placed a contract on the house. The owner wants both parties to make their best offer possible and they will accept only one
Does wife's family have to get me a lawyer?  If my wife's family gets her a divorse lawyer. Do they have to get me a lawyer?
Lawyers taking more than agreed to portion of settlement. I just went through a lawsuit and the parties settled
I'm getting my idea patented & they asked me for 942 to start it. Do you think I should do it? I'm getting my idea patented & they asked me for 942 to start it. Do you think I should do it?
If the officer didn't read me my rights can I get my case dropped in court? I was arrested last week and the officer didn't read me my rights. Can I get my case dropped in court?
Former employers responding to prospective employers about employees. What can former employers say in response to questions from prospective employers when answering questions about their former employee?
What can I do if my wife left the state with my kids and her new boyfriend won't let me speak to them? My wife left the state with my kids. Now her new boyfriend won't let me speak with her or my kids. What can I do?
If I'm an immigrant greencard holder
What are the legal fees and liability fees for starting a local babysitter company? I'm starting a company that helps people find local babysitters in their area. I was hoping to get an idea of the bare bone legal fees
What to do for a lease that rolled over but I canceled?  I own an apartment building in California and lease a washer and dryer. I gave a 60 day notice that I'm discontinuing the lease and they told me it automatically rolled over on the year anniversary to another year lease.
Cell phone tower built on neighboring property obstructs view from my property. I own property in WY with (formerly) unobstructed views of the Big Horn Mountains. My neighbor allowed AT&T; to erect a huge cell phone tower on their property.  Also
If a person is considered legally deaf is their hearing aid still considered personal property? if a person is considered legally deaf is their hearing aid still considered personal property?
I received a NJ refund last year and would like to know if I have to declare it as income to NY? I work in NJ and live in NY. My NJ income taxes paid are credited towards my NY income taxes which are higher.  I received a NJ refund last year and would like to know if I have to declare it as income to NY?Additionally
Can an employer terminate  your medical insurance on the same day they fire you? Can an employer terminate  your medical insurance on the same day they fire you?
What are my chances of prevailing in court with a furniture appraisal of $2200? Consigned furniture for $2
Question regarding a message from United legal services that i needed to call them to resolve a debt? I got a message from United legal services that i needed to call them to resolve a debt or me and my atty have to show up in court when i get subpeonaed. Well i called and they couldn't find me in their system by name or phone number and was told to disregard since i didn't have the case number. I would get a subpeona and there is nothing they can do after that. So I'm not sure what to do.
What can we do if the verbal agreement falls through? We are a startup and were looking to partner with a tech firm to help build our platform. Our team member recommended a friend who owns a small tech shop. Before verbal agreements
Use of evidence from hidden camera During the last 2 years my mother has had so much money stolen from her at an Assisted Living Facility.  Since there has been no proof
How do I get my money back if a company did not develop my website on time? I hire a company to develop a website for my company.  The deadline for completion date was August 2011.  Now
What will happen to the house when my husband and I get a divorce? I been married over a year and we bought a house together & I'm about to file for divorce. What will happen with the house?
Would father's social security and pension be at risk if home forecloses? My Father resides in Michigan and owes approximately $58k on his home. The balance is in the form of a personal loan and not a mortgage loan. He has 2 sources of income - social security and a pension from Ford. If he foreclosed on his home
What is usually the outcome for 2 charges-assault on a leo and resisting with violence? What is usually the outcome for 2 charges-assault on a leo and resisting with violence?
Can a h4 visa status run a business? Can a h4 visa status run a business?
As an independent contractor is this a non-compete clause? I am an independent contractor (animal chiropractor) who is being asked to sign an agreement where the vet office. I will be working and want to take ownership of all the patients I bring in and I have currently. Is this legal? Also they have a clause that states that if I leave I can not directly compete with them for 24 months. I live in CA. Is this a non compete clause?
Can I file a lawsuit against Sprint if a worker harassed me on her personal line? A sprint representative called me several times on her personal line without my permission after she finished assisting me. Can I file a lawsuit against Sprint?
What if my landlord kept all my deposit for unreasonable charges? What if my landlord kept all my deposit for unreasonable charges?
How to add officer to corporation? How do I add an officer to my corporation?
Can I take possession of home that foreclosed while house-sitting? We were house-sitting when the home went into foreclosure. We have not heard from the bank and it has been over a year. Is there any way to take possession of the home?
What can I do if 2 members of the Board do not like me and have been telling lies about me? I work for a very successful not for profit.  I report to a Board.  2 members of the Board do not like me and have been telling lies about me in the community. What can I do?
I have a video on YouTube that says that it might be copyrighted. I recorded my audition. Many of these videos can be found on YouTube. I made my own audio track and some words were different. I had also given credit to the original artist of the song. Is it still considered copyrighted content?
Was my landlord allowed to throw my stuff away without ever giving me an eviction notice? Was my landlord allowed to throw my personal stuff away out of my house without ever giving me an tenant eviction notice?
Am I settled if I make payments after getting a letter about owing for a committed embezzlement? If I get a letter from and Insurance company saying I owe for an embezzlement I committed. If I make payment arrangements with them. Am I good?
Question regarding my contract with Groupon saying they only pay for items they sell? I have a contract with Groupon saying they only pay for items they sell
Am I responsible to repay the inheritance money my wife deposited in out account if we divorce? If my wife deposits her inheritance money in our joint banking account. Am I responsible to repay it if we divorce?
If my child doesn't want to spend the night at her father's
Need someone to review a 7-page contract that a company is offering me? I need someone to review a 7-page contract that a company is offering me. I prefer the lawyer to have business and stock experience and be able to tell me if I'm on the right or wrong end of the contract.
If my landlord gave me a 12 day notice
Can my wife leave and take the kids to another state without my approval? I'm a father with joint custody. My ex wife wants to take the kids to California for a job. I'm in Illinois. Can she leave without my approval?
Question regarding my situation of not driving overnight but my boss forces me to? I'm a construction worker in Wisconsin who because of my home situation cannot work out of town overnight. My boss is forcing me to drive 2 hours each way without any financial  help or allowing time for my drive. On top of that he's paying cash (via personal check) to avoid having to pay overtime
How do I find a good Probate lawyer? How do I find a good Probate lawyer? What should I ask to weed out the inexperienced?
Do I have rights to car that I made payments on but is in another's name? I have been making payments on a car for the last 3 years. I have receipts but the car is in someone else's name. Do I have any rights?
What to do if I just broke up with my boyfriend and he wants the custody of my 18-month-old baby just broke up with my boyfriend and he wants the custody of my 18-month-old baby. What should i do? What are the chances of me winning the custody of my baby?
Does a wife have to testify against her husband in a dwls case? Does a wife have to testify against her husband in a dwls case?
Girlfriend puts protection order on me
Why should Amazon seize all my Asset when I committed no Fraud? I was a  vendor/Seller on Amazon marketplace up until Nov. 11. when I was notified that I failed to meet the Amazon standard of less than 1%  product defect
What should I do if my ex is harassing me and my employees? My soon to be ex husband is harassing me
Can my finance comp repossess car and damage my credit if I refuse to sign a POA form? I refused to sign a power of attorney form to let my car insurance take my and auction it after they have listed the car as a total loss from a accident which is in their possession. Can my finance comp repossess the car and damage my credit to get their money from the insurance comp?
How does a merchant determine the value of items shoplifted?  How does a merchant determine the value of items shoplifted? Do they go by the price tag or the retail value if items were purchased? Stores such as Kohl's have only one price printed on their tags. When items are purchased they give you the sale price.
If two people have been living as a couple for fifteen years is it considered a common law marriage? If two people have been living as a couple for fifteen years is it considered a common law marriage? We live in Georgia and he has been verbally and somewhat physically abusive the last six months. Do I have any rights He makes over $40
If we form a special purpose LLC
If I sponsor a person for citizenship what am I liable for? If I sponsor a person for citizenship what am I liable for?
Which state best for creating Brazilian company's US subsidiary? We are creating a U.S subsidiary for our Brazilian Company. As it will be a fully controlled operational company
What to do about hostile work environment from management? What to do about hostile work environment from management?
If I sign a divorce summons
What is the set back law on the property line in Orviston
Working as a consultant in addition to part time salaried position If I have a part time salaried (professional) position is it typically ok to work as an independent consultant in parallel?  For example if I am a full time engineer who moves to part time
How can I settle the issue of my ex suing me for half the house when it's under my name? I recently purchased a house. The loan is in my name although my boyfriend put $6
Question regarding an authorization of a one time payment on my debit card for another individual? I authorized a one time payment on my debit card for another individual and before I allowed the company to charge my card
Can I solicit my own service business this year for extra money? I left my service company of six years in DEC of 2011. I did not sign any document of nature as to a no compete clause. Can I solicit my own service business this year for extra money?
Is passing bad checks still against the law? Is passing bad checks still against the law? How do I file notification for some one that knowingly writes bad checks? I want it made public. She still owes me money.
Is using a Youtube to MP3 Converter service online for personal use an infringement of copyright law?
What can I do if my lawyer wants me to make a decision on my case and I don't agree with him? What can I do if my lawyer wants me to make a decision on my case and I don't agree with him?
Is infringement on a copyright civil or criminal? Is infringement on a copyright civil or criminal?
How many days may a guest stay before they are considered a tenant? How many days may a guest stay before they are considered a tenant?
Can I file for bankruptcy if I've been sued by plaintiff and I have court trial day? Can I file for bankruptcy if I've been sued by plaintiff and I have court trial day?
Is it illegal to get fired through a text message? Is it illegal to get fired through a text message?
Can I be arrested at arraignment if released due to insufficient complaint? If I was released by a peace officer due to insufficient complaint (disposition code : 49b1)
If I gave my landlord 30 days notice can he demand access to the property? If I just gave my landlord 30 days notice can he demand from me an access to the property in order to show it to the prospective tenants? Do I have the right to keep my privacy while I am in the process of packing and moving? I also have 7 month old baby and would feel very uncomfortable having strangers going thru the house.Thank you
How does the 6th Amendment affect sentencing provisions against criminal defendants? Describe how the Sixth Amendment affects sentencing provisions implementing sentence enhancements against criminal defendants.
Now that I am married does my wife get a percentage of the house if we were to divorce? In Florida. I bought my house before getting married. Now that I am married does my wife get a percentage of the house if we were to divorce?
If a sibling's name is added to the deed or title and then later is removed
How do I get legal and primary custody? I own a house and my ex refuses to move out . We have a 3-year-old child together and the constant arguing is starting to affect her. How do I legally get him out? And get primary custody?
If someone left me a house in a will
What can I do to have the judgement removed? A summons for suit of a past debt was delivered to my mom in MO.I no longer live in MO & was in the hospital in TX when the summons was served.The court's info shows that I was actually served
Proposal legal if my friend asked me to form a corporation with him but owes state back taxes? A friend has asked me to form a corporation to handle the financial aspects of his long established computer business. He would deposit monies into my business account
How do I go about filing for custody? How do I go about filing for custody?
I am a Chinese lawyer. I want to konw how I can get the information regarding shareholders of a company incorporated in US? None
Can bank charge penalty on CDs?  Can a bank charge withdrawal penalty on CDs listed under a trust that was to terminate at time of death?
If I'm not married
Florida will I wish to change my Florida will so my grandchildren
Question regarding owning a descriptive trademark? We own a descriptive trademark.  The trademark is registered with the USPTO and continuous use since 1996.  We want to take all proactive steps to establish secondary meaning for our trademark to protect it.  The trademark is for a website name.Ideas we have heard to establish secondary meaning include documenting history of the brand
Illegal for a landlord to have utilities on the same meter as the tenant? In Pennsylvania is it illegal for a landlord to have utilities on the same meter as the tenant and bill tenant their share of the bill?
Can an employer give you a raise one year
Do I have proof to file a case if landlord never received our deposit but my brother-in-law kept the money? Almost two months ago I was planning on moving
Possible for the local law enforcement to place a trespass order against me from my own home? I live in the state of Indiana. I am married. However the local law enforcement in my town had placed a trespass order against me from my own home. How is this possible?
Is contract legally binding if hidden in another signed contract? I had my teacher sign a contract stating no matter how much money is raised we get to pie her. This was included in another contract and i did not tell her about it and she signed it anyway. Is this a legal contract?
Is it against the law to not pay employee's holiday pay? Is it against the law to not pay employees holiday pay?
Are you allowed to work & claim unemployment at the same time? Are you allowed to work & claim unemployment at the same time?
If you willingly submit personal documentation to a leasing company for an apartment and decided not to sign a contract
Can I restrict my ex husband's girlfriend from being around my children? Can I restrict my ex husband's girlfriend from being around my children?
Does a parent of an adult child have rights to knowledge about an arrest? Does a parent of an adult child have rights to knowledge about an arrest?
Is there anyway to get my Irish boyfriend to the U.S. without getting married? Is there anyway to get my Irish boyfriend to the U.S. without getting married?
Does child support start from court ordered judgement? I've been asked for child support as there is no order for the support. Will I be responsible for the past bills my ex and her husband have acquired up to this point? Does support start from the court ordered judgement?
Now that my mother has passed
Is my payment to be protected if my ex can't pay when he's in an assisted living facility? My ex-husband pays me 500.00 a month as a court ordered payment for my health insurance. We were married 31 years.  He now needs to be in an assisted living facility and will take his entire retirement check.  Is my payment to me protected?
If a parent in Michigan terminates his rights to a child will that stop child support payments? if a parent in Michigan terminate his rights to a child will that stop child support payments?
Someone with a green card married someone with a work visa? Hi
Can my 16-year-old daughter legally date a 23-year-old man without my consent? My daughter will be 16 in 6 days. Can she legally date a 23-year-old man without my consent?
How long and at what age do i need to continue to pay off my student loans? How long and at what age do i need to continue to pay off my student loans? Is my ex-wife responsibly for pay off the student loans? Is there an age limited I am not responsibly for the payments?
Legal options if I bought a jet ski from a private party and did not give full disclosure on damages? I purchased a jet ski from a private party. Two days later I tried to take it out on the lake and was turned away because the jet ski was leaking fuel and oil. I called the person I purchased from and let him know what happen. He told me to take it to a repair shop.I took it in and found out that it needed numerous repairs totalling $680.00. I told him about the repairs needed and he refuses to pay for them or take the ski back. I would like to know what are my legal options?
Can you appeal a default judgement? Can you appeal a default judgement?
Legal for an approval of $7
What to do if I loaned a friend lots of  money on different occasions and want her to pay it back? I loaned a friend lots of  money on different occasions and want her to pay it back.
Is the employer liable for damages and reimbursement on my son's repairs? My son's truck was broken into and damaged last week on a parking lot leased by his employer. Is the employer liable for damages and reimbursement on his repairs?
Am I required to pay for a customer's property or is the business legally suppose to pay for it? I work at a car audio shop and broke a cd player on a customer's vehicle. My boss is trying to make me pay for it
Can I move out of state with my child if both me and the father have custody? Can I move out of state with my child if both me and the father have custody?
Is it legal to modify a copyrighted instructive document and share the said altered plan publicly over the web for free?   Is it legal to modify a copyrighted instructive document such as a woodworking or small project construction plan
Can they legally not pay me a severance package if I refuse to accept a position that pays me so much less? I was to be laid with a small severance package on July 31st. Today I received an email that they would like me to interview on this Friday for a position that is way below my current pay rate. My question is
What forms do I need to file if my ex wants to move my kids out of state and how can i stop her?  I don't have a lawyer. My ex wants to move my kids out of state. How can I stop her? What forms do i need to file? New York state.
Can I make my brother co-personal representative with me for my parents' will? I am from MA. Both my parents have past away within 4 months of each other. 1 in Feb and 1 in June. My dad had a will stating that I would be personal representative after my mother's passing. I have 1 brother and a sister. Can I make my brother co-personal representative with me?
Does an employer have to pay you over-time?  Does an employer have to pay you over-time?  I worked over 40 hours in a week and my boss said he won't pay me overtime cause I worked for other people.  Doesn't he legally have to pay me overtime?
Is there any law saying that I have to pay anything when the upcoming month is approaching? I lived in an apartment in California with another girl for the past six months. After a falling out between the two of us
Options if a tenant's boyfriend moved out and she can't pay for July's rent? My tenant just called to let me know that her boyfriend is no longer at the apartment
Is hitting a person in the head considered a threat to their life? Is hitting a person in the head considered a threat to their life?
Is it possible to file for a divorce and get it finalized even if i can't find him? I was married 8 years ago. a few months after our marriage we separated and since then have moved on with our lives. I am not in contact with him anymore and but am wanting to get remarried. Is it possible to file for a divorce and get it finalized even if I can't find him?
If I want to get custody of my niece how do I go about getting custody of her? I called CPS on my sister for my niece and I was wondering what my rights are as her aunt.  I have called the social worker twice to figure out some information.  How do I find out more? Also I want to get custody of my niece how do I go about getting custody of her?
Is it illegal to take your child to work? Is it illegal to take your child to work? Family owned and operated business
If I have a suspended license in Indiana and I moved to Michigan how can I get a Michigan license? If I have a suspended license in Indiana and I moved to Michigan how can I get a Michigan license?
What steps can I take to protect my idea if I need to hire an iOS developer to develop a unique concept? I need to hire an iOS developer to develop a unique concept I've created. What steps can I take to protect my idea?
Does having one part of a contract invalid
Should I include a company that recently fired me on my resume when they said they'd give me a good reference? I was recently fired from a company I worked for 2 years.  However
Can an employer terminate me and then report that I voluntarily left? Can an employer terminate me from a job
How do I get my full orders? My child custody case was just closed. I was quoted a max of 7500 when I started. I have paid in 7400
How can I get my deposit back after signing the lease and not living in the apartment? How can I get my deposit back after signing the lease and not living in the apartment?
My Dad passed away and was married at the time but had no will. His name is on a family property deed in Kentucky. My question is: Do I as a surviving child have any inheritance rights to a portion of the property or does his surviving spouse inherit all of his portion?
If my Landlord is demanding that I pay my rent to her
What can I do if a tenant did not pay for 4 months and left the apartment in shambles? A person did not pay 4 months rent and was evicted and left the apartment in shambles. What can I do?
Can an employer make employees work over 40 hours in a week? Can an employer make employees work over 40 hour in a week?
What questions can be asked during a job interview? What questions can be asked during a job interview?
Can landlord get rid of car and belongings left on property without authorization? A tenant moved out
Can you copy any picture off the internet? Can you copy any picture off the internet?
Question if my husband owes about 7-8 years worth of back taxes
Is it legal to store vehicles in business parking lot? I run a business in an industrial area in Huntington Beach
What can happen if you are hired by a company and you have to take a test and failed & sent home? What can happen if you are hired by a company and 3 weeks in you have to take a test and failed and sent home and they said they will call you later
How to strip away child's father's rights? How can I strip my daughter's father's rights away? My partner would like to adopt her but he won't sign his rights over. He is not on the birth certificate but we have had a paternity test.
What type of lawyer do I need if I feel I didn't get all my disability funds during my fight for disability? What type of lawyer do I need if I feel I didn't get all my disability funds during my fight for disability?
Ex-fiance leaves jointly leased home and refuses to pay share. My ex-fiance has left my home that we both came into a 12-month lease. Now
If I am in a business partnership
Do I have to pay Medicare the money they paid for if I get it from the insurance co. of the person at fault? Do I have to pay Medicare the money they paid for injuries in a car accident
Which copyright law applies to peer to peer sharing? Which copyright law applies to peer to peer sharing?
How do we deal with a difficult employee? Our employee has changed since she was hired.  One week she worked only 7 hours.  She is salaried as full time 40 hrs.She has had 3 or 4 illnesses in the last 10 days.  Her dog and her kids are always sick or going to the dentist or etc.She is now is in the hospital with a cervical collar and said she haso have 2 MRI's from an accident she had Saturday We are a small nonprofit and she was exactly what we needed when we trained and hired her.  She is not that person today! We have lost almost all of our volunteers and may have to close our doors because she neglected of duties of the director. How do we handle this?  We struggled with paying her and stretched our budget as we felt she was needing the help.
Am I renting from the bank & what happens if I do not make anymore payments & move on?   I have 5 1/2 months before my bankruptcy is dismissed by the courts.  I have just been informed that my home loan
Am I
How can I sue a school for allowing a principal to harass my children because she has issues with me? How can I sue a school for allowing a principal to harass my children because she has issues with me?
Can you go to a different state using U.S. Employment Authorization Card as an ID in the airport? Can you go to different state using U.S. Employment Authorization Card as an ID in the airport?
Can I have my ex-husband's wages garnished if he hasn't paid the court order? My ex-Husband was ordered to pay me close to 2000 dollars. It has been a year and 5 months since the divorce and he has yet to pay a dime. He has basically told me good luck from getting any money from him. What can I do to get him to pay? Can I have his wages garnished?
Can I take and pick up my son from school if I am a registered sex offender who is off parole? I live in Michigan. Can I take and pick up my son from school? I am a registered sex offender who is off parole.
How far back can state attorney go into a person's past when being charged with a misdemeanor? How far back can state attorney go into a person's past when being charged with a present misdemeanor charge?
How do I make it so your employees pay there own taxes? How do I make it so your employees pay there own taxes?
Can an employer legally deny me a job because of knowing the wrong person? Can an employer legally deny me a job because of knowing the wrong person?
If I sue a corporation in small claims court (NY State) and lose
In PA do I have to appear in court for a payment plan hearing if I already paid my overdue balance? In PA do I have to appear in court for a payment plan hearing if I already paid my overdue balance?
Legal if I'm laid off and some of my duties will now be performed by a young IT tech? I'm 62 years of age
How can I legally get my son's social security number even though I am the legal biological father? I have 4 and a half year old son who lives with his mother. I faithfully pay child support. I would like to claim my son on my tax returns but my son's mother refuses to give me my son's social security number. Instead
What to do if my husband's previous employer if he's slandering my husband when he can't get jobs? What can I do about my husband's previous employer if he is slandering my husband to where he can't get another job?
Terminated if I do not show documentation that a family member was in the hospital?  Can I be terminated if I do not show documentation that a family member was in the hospital? That was not my reason for calling off but my reason was to help take care of that persons children and personal business.
If I'm paying support for one kid & started getting support for my other child will the support stop? If I'm paying child support for one kid and started getting support for my other child will the child support I've been paying stop?
What can I do if my landlord has increased the rent in less than 2 weeks? My landlord just notified me of a rent increase in less than 2 weeks. I live in income based housing with a signed lease until Jan 2013. What can I do?
Should we pursue a chain restaurant for finding a metal hex nut? My family and I picked up dinner to go at a chain restaurant this evening. My 2 year old daughter was eating her guacamole dip when my husband noticed that she was having a hard time chewing. He asked her if she was ok and he held his hand to her mouth. She spit out a metal hex nut! I called the restaurant and spoke to the manager. She was going to talk to her gm and call me back - she has not. Is this worth pursuing or too much trouble?
What happens to distribution of income once a company has transited from an LLC to an S-Corp? What happens to distribution of income upon liquidation for A and B level shares once a company has transited from an LLC to an S-Corp?  Still distributed unequally according to type of share owned?
if I design a new product while employed by a company
What should I do if I hurt my hand a year ago at work and my job still won't do anything? I hurt my hand a year ago at work. I was on workman comp. Now here it is a year later my hand started hurting again it affects my day to day and job.  My job won't do anything about it what should I do?
If you work for someone and got two vacation
If payday falls on a Sunday can the company hold payroll till Monday? If payday falls on a Sunday can the company hold payroll till Monday?
Do I have any rights if my company was sold two weeks ago & the new owners are cutting my wages?  My company was sold two weeks ago. The new owners did not tell us they were cutting my wages. Now they want to pay me 25 percent less with no notice. Do I have any rights?
If I add my husband to the deed to our house
If an author has a scientific study published in a peer-review journal
What to do if my son's credit report's bill is showing up on my credit report? My son has the same name as I do. He got injured in Vegas and he's 22 years of age. His credit report's bill is showing up on my credit report.
Can courts request money back even from an LLC? I am creditor and have a signed PROMISSORY NOTE-GUARANTY with collateral of LLC. I assume this is a Secured note.The person filed Chapter 7.  She gave me (surrendered)what collateral she had after I served her cease and desist
Can I receive child support for my son from my ex husband when he's not the father? I am separated from my husband of 2 years. We began dating when my son was just 3 months old and separated when he was turning four. His biological father is unknown. Can I receive child support for my son from my ex husband? I am located in Florida.
How is it possible for my name to be put on a Grant Deed when I was neither present nor knew about it? How is it possible for my name to be put on a Grant Deed when I was neither present nor knew about it?
How can a 17 year old female leave an unwelcoming household without getting in trouble? How can a 17 year old female leave an unwelcoming household without getting in trouble?
What are your rights if your employer overpaid you after you resign? If after you resign from a job and your employer discovers that he has overpaid you
Can you file bankruptcy against IRS if it's in collection? Can you file bankruptcy against IRS if it's in collection?
Painting Disney murals for a pediatric hospital room I am a nurse and artist in a small town.  I have painted some pediatric rooms with murals to be more kid friendly.  Years ago
Could a grandparent seek court ordered visitation while both mother and father refuse? In NY could a grandparent seek court ordered visitation while both mother and father (married) refuse?  Also a possibility of Borderline Personality Disorder with the grandparent.
Can a company deny a bonus if all other criteria were fulfilled? My company (retail) gives yearly bonuses if 3 key areas are met. First is sales percentage over the previous year
What is the procedure for challenging subject matter jurisdiction
Is there a new law that let's me file taxes even if i haven't worked? Is there a new law that let's me file taxes even if i haven't worked?
Can landlord enter apt spray pesticide without permission? Can landlord enter apt spray pesticide without permission?
What to do if the office manager said I abandoned my job when the medical office was raided and shut down? The medical office i worked in was raided and shut down for homicide investigation of a patient's death. The office building was yellow taped for 4 days
My attorney passed away before he finished my loan modification. What rights do I have? My attorney passed away before he finished my loan modification. What rights do I have?
Do i have any legal right if my parents are kicking me out?  Do i have any legal right if my parents are kicking me out? Do I legally have time to pack and move my stuff as well as quit my job properly?
Can the school change the price or is the original paper since both party's agreed to it still void and we don't have to pay the extra money? This is a simple question.  My son is going on a field trip to Disney world for school.  They had me sign a paper which said we would pay $270
Does WI have a law that requires a person to report if their elderly parent is being neglected in any way? Does Wisconsin have a law that requires a person to report if their elderly parent is being neglected in any way?
How long does a temp employee work 40 hours a week before they become permanent? How long does a temp employee work 40 hours a week before they become permanent?
Is there a statute regarding unsatisfied results of a contractor's workmanship? is there a statute regarding unsatisfied results of a contractor's shoddy workmanship and how many times do they have to rectify the problem before I take other actions? My new kitchen counter tops have many flaws
Is the contract legal if it was signed on 12th and delivered on the 12th? A finance contract for a used car sold in Florida was dated 4-7-12. The car was not seen or taken delivery by the customer until 4-12-12. The contract was signed on the 12th. Is this a legal contract?
if an employee works 8-10 hours per day is he/she entitled to a 15 minute break? if an employee works 8-10 hours per day is he/she entitled to a 15 minute break?
Can my boyfriend's baby mama keep him from seeing his daughter because we live together? Can my boyfriend's baby mama keep him from seeing his daughter because we live together?
Can I recover my investment?  Do I have a case? Can I recover my investment? lent a friend money to purchase property with an adjoining business on it. He was to pay me double my investment within three years. This was 2006-2009 he has yet to pay and has had many opportunities to do so but still claims. He doesn't have it. What can I do? I have a signed/notarized contract.
If my name is not on the mortgage
How do I go about incorporating a business?  How do I go about incorporating a business? How much does it cost I am considering ownership of a trucking company?
If a college issued me a check & I cashed it
Should we have to pay rent on a house that leaks our sewage? My septic tank has been overflowing for over a month and the landlord is not replacing the septic tank that is made out of redwood. We have two children and it poses a health risk and the outside of our house constantly stinks. We are wondering what are our rights. Should we have to pay rent on a house that leaks our sewage?
If a buyer verbally declines the test drive does it override the written agreement? sold a boat. signed a hand written paper stating sale was pending test drive. Buyer picked up the boat and declined test drive because he was in a hurry. Took the boat out the following day. Sent me a email the second day saying there was a few concerns but kept the boat. now been 41 days and the engine is damaged and he wants me to be liable because he mentioned some concerns with the boat and engine problem is related to his concerns. If a buyer verbally declines the test drive does it over ride the written agreement?
Without prior notification
Question regarding my daughter in a car accident and what would be the appropriate compensation? My 18 year old daughter had a car accident in May where she drove in to a construction ditch approx 3-4 feet long
Can I request compensations from the defendant for claim suit filing and cost of process server in court? I live in CA and I filed a small claim suit and just wanted to know if I can request compensations from the defendant for claim suit filing
When going to court for WC
What do I do if I am being harassed at work? What do I do if I am being harassed at work?
Do I have to carry my estranged wife on my health insurance? My wife and I have been separated and living at 2 different addresses for 25 months. Do I have to carry her on my health Insurance?
What's the statue of limitations in Michigan for obstruction? What's the statue of limitations in Michigan for obstruction?
How to fight if my sister is putting me into bankruptcy after I lent her money? I lent my sister some money and we have a signed contract we wrote up. Now she is going bankrupt and she is putting me into this bankruptcy. How can I fight this?
What happens when you serve papers and they come back? What happens when you serve papers and they come back?
Does one parent have the right to keep kids away from the other? Does one parent have the right to keep kids away from the other?
What to do if I want to move out at 17 in Georgia? What to do if I want move out at 17 in Georgia?
Legally how can I evict my roommate who hasn't paid and never signed? I am renting a apartment. Only my name is on lease. I do have a roommate who hasn't paid anything in two months . Legally how can I evict him? We never signed an agreement.
Attorney regarding buying used vehicle that is spending more time in the shop than me driving it? I am seeking an attorney in Colorado to represent my best interest regarding buying a used vehicle that is spending more time in the shop than me driving it.
How to remove tenant from rental? An un-named occupant in my rental filed a motion to quash and we went to court. The judge gave her 5 days to answer
Can a lawyer
Can I get the penalties removed of a lien I was unaware of? I have a property tax lien from 2003 that I was unaware of and now they have added $1000 in penalties.  Can I get the penalties removed?
Will a lawyer successfully get my record sealed if the state denied me the first time? I tried getting my record sealed on my own but the state denied me. If i get a lawyer will they be able to have it done?
Is there any legal action that I can take for my child being misdiagnosed or misinformed about my child's eyes not being treated properly years earlier and now  the child is totally blind in one eye?
Problem with the father living with his parents and sharing a bedroom with his son? In a child custody battle
If I have a legal Last will & don't really have a lot of assets
Question: Can I file a Motion for Summary Judgment
Can I get the negatives related to this removed from my credit? I cosigned for my daughter's home loan. She almost lost the house. My credit took a hit. Can I get the negatives related to this removed from my credit?
Is it in violation of CA state law when people bring wild caught game that I cook for them for a nominal fee? I am a chef at a restaurant.  Often friends of mine bring in wild caught game that I cook for them for a nominal fee to cover other ingredients I've used.  Is this in violation of CA state law?
If a buyer of your home says they will purchase the home on an as is basis
Do I have any legal rights if the money I won was not awarded to me? I joined a NFL strikeout league for $100 in September.  I wound up winning the pot and should be awarded $900.  The guy that runs the pool is in California and has told me the winnings are on the way but still have not seen a dime of the money.  I live in Minnesota.  Do I have any legal rights?  I have all the email documentation from him.
What can I do to get my ex-wife to let me see my child?  What can I do to get my ex-wife to let me see my child? We have joint custody .
How do I get 'sole legal custody' of my son
If a 401k QUADRO is agreed upon outside of court between parties should the QUADRO be the date the agreement was made? I'm in Pennsylvania. If a 401k QUADRO is agreed upon outside of court between parties should the QUADRO be the date the agreement was made?
What do I have to do to become a US Citizen? Hello
Illegal to cash a real check from a real person
Can we have our niece's name changed to ours at the USCIS? Can we have our niece's name changed to ours  at the USCIS after we get the new birth certificate from my country? We have the final entry judgement of her adoption. Is there an age limit to do this? Will they honor the adoption from my country or should we file another adoption here in Florida?
Can a marriage which took place in Scotland be dissolved by a Minnesota County Court? Can a marriage which took place in Scotland be dissolved by a Minnesota County Court?
Where can I find franchise contract laws that apply to Texas locations
If I like to use my maiden name
My son is incarcerated on a probation case and the judge that dealt with the case was arrested and put in prison and they wrote on his paperwork that he pled guilty when he did not. What can we do? None
Can I pay filing fee online? Can I pay filing fee online?
How to begin request to terminate parental rights voluntarily? What is the process to begin a request to terminate parental rights voluntarily due to no contact for six years in N.C.?
If I leave the home before anything is filed for the divorce
After being arrested how long can they hold you before telling you what the charge is? After being arrested how long can they hold you before telling you what the charge is?
Can I write off sales contests I give to my sales reps? I am an owner of a LLC sales organization
As a man what happens to my son if I get divorced? As a man what happens to my son if I get divorced?
I work for a assisted living in Great Falls Montana
Can a employer make an employee work after the heat index reaches a certain point? Can a employer make a employee work after the heat index reaches a certain point?
What to do if my mom left no will and there is a small cash settlement to deal with when there's 3 daughters? What to do if my mom left no will and there is a small cash settlement to deal with when there's three daughters?
Can a landlord charge for water bill from security deposit? Can a landlord charge for water bill from security deposit?
Question regarding hiring a cinematographer for my music video? I'm a singer & hired a cinematographer for my music video. He gave me the finalcut; I paid full fee per agreement.His edit could have been better. He will charge more money for more work. So
How can I find out the type of legal entity a contracting company is? How can I find out the type of legal entity a contracting company is and get a copy of their charter without asking company directly?  Company was formed in 2005 in MN.
If the property owner breached contract first
 If I'm a full-time student and I live in Virginia do I have to pay child support?
If I am made beneficiary of a large sum of money and the benefactor requested most of the funds to be given to charities
Question regarding petition for my parents to get their residency? I am a USC and I want to petition for my parents to get their Residency.  My parents overstayed their visa by ONE month
Question regarding my husband's niece living in Cuba coming to America? My husband's niece lives in Cuba. He would like to bring her to the USA. He is a resident of the USA. Can he request her
What to do if my husband is a sheriff's deputy and was hurt but was refused pain management? My husband is a sheriff's deputy and was hurt during a SWAT call. He had surgery under workers comp and was refused pain management. His workers comp spinal fusion failed and he had another DR do corrective surgery. Now his job will not let him come back and are not paying him. They said they will terminate him next month. He hasn't been paid in 9 months.
Is there any way I can default on paying the charges so I can pay for my elderly mother's care? My Mother is 90 years old an in hospice care.  she lives in the state of Tennessee.  She presently owes three charge cards over 18
How do I incorporate my business? How do I incorporate my business?
Is a promissory note made with a private party for the purchase of a vehicle legally binding? Is a promissory note made with a private party for the purchase of a vehicle legally binding?
Anything I can do if my husband plans to leave the state before I can file for divorce? My husband decided to leave me recently. We have decided to separate. He told me that he plans to leave the state (FL) next week before I can file for divorce. Is there anything I can do about it?
As a non-resident Texan
Question regarding my employment and if I receive 45 hours a week without overtime? I work for a company in California and I receive vacation time
 Could my landlord evict me for letting my son use my address?
How can I find out if there is a lien on my mortgage? How can I find out if there is a lien on my mortgage?
Question regarding given a ticket for dwls? i was given a ticket for dwls. when i went to court they gave me the option of deferred prosecution. i took it. I thought i had until Sept 19th to pay. i looked at the form wrong and i only had until Sept 4th to pay. what do I do?
if i have joint legal custody and he does not see the baby everyday can i ask him for child support? if i have joint legal custody and he does not see the baby everyday can i ask him for child support?
What's the cost of a simple will in Redwood City
What to do if my neighbor keeps calling the cops cause I smoke cannabis but I have cancer? What to do if my neighbor keeps calling the cops on me because I smoke cannabis in my own home but I have cancer
Can a disabled father that has a conservator get custody of his two children? Can a disabled father that has a conservator get custody of his two children?
Can my child's mother put me on child support when she lives in my house and doesn't pay rent? I want to know if my child's mother can put me on child support when she lives in my house and doesn't pay rent or bills? I buy my son his needs such as diapers wipes shoes and clothes. She takes care of food.. she has a job.. could she put child support knowing that?
What are my rights if my employer forces me to work 8 hours? If my supervisor tells me that it is mandatory to stay after I work my 8 hours
If I had a doctor's note to be out of work for 2 days and they fired me
 What is the best way to protect an inheritance for your children from their spouse?
If I have 5 kids and make 80
What recourse do we have when we are considering small claims court? Our tenants of 6 mos. removed our above ground pool and decking without our permission or knowledge ($3500.00 value). When we raised with them they immediately said they would move out next month and we could take this months rent out of their damage deposit. They are now in default of the lease by not paying the rent. What recourse do I have? Small claims court?
Can we still file for 1601 waiver?  Has the I601 waiver passed? Can we file one now with the USCIS? The immigration lawyer we consulted says yes but the USCIS website says no.
How can I get my husband a visa if he is living in the Dominican republic and I am a U.S. citizen? How can I get my husband a visa if he is living in the Dominican republic and I am a U.S. citizen?
If I take the car
What are the Colorado statutes regarding an accident with injuries involving a disabled semi-truck? What are the Colorado statutes regarding an accident with injuries involving a disabled semi-truck?
Situation if I got married in California to a military guy and currently live on the base in Georgia? I got married in California to a military guy and currently live on the base in Georgia. we have been married over a year and i moved to Georgia with him. we are divorcing and i need time to get my stuff together to move back home to California. what rights do i have to ask him to leave to give me time to plan moving home and how do we divide our assets?
Any rights if my parents have taken me out of their will & I am their only child? My parents have taken me out of their will. I am their only child. Do I have any rights?
If your school is being sued by a parent but the lawyer involved in the suit process is a parent of another child in the same classroom
Can I drink at a bar if I'm on unsupervised felony probation in Michigan? Can I drink at a bar if I'm on unsupervised felony probation in Michigan?
How will the capital gains tax effect us if we want to sell the home my mom gifted to my sister and I? My mom gifted my sister and I her home 8 years ago. We want to sell it. How will the capital gains tax effect us?
How soon can I get custody if I'm pregnant and the father possibly might try and take the baby from me? I'm pregnant and I'm afraid the father might try and take the baby away from me. How soon can I get custody to make sure he doesn't do that?
I went through a company to get a xbox
Would I have the legal grounds to break the lease if there's a health hazard? may daughter lives in an apartment with 3 other girls
 I am trying to write a 30 day opt out contract as an electrical RMO?
Do I have any legal recourse to have my neighbor trim his trees back to the property line? We moved into a new house one year ago and did our landscaping. My neighbor moved in after us and just planted palm trees that hang 5 to 10 feet into our yard.  Do I have any legal recourse to have him trim his trees back to the property line?
Can i file for a CA divorce immediately (a couple/few days) after filing for bankruptcy? Can i file for a CA divorce immediately (a couple/few days) after filing for bankruptcy?
Should my son pay blue book value of the scooter if he had an accident driving and was someone else's? My 17 year old son is working for a friend & had an accident while driving a motorized scooter which ending up with him being injured the scooter totaled. The owner of the scooter expects my son to take responsibility and pay blue book value. Whose is responsible for the scooter?Thank you Martha Cody
I have an easement between my property and the land owners in front of me. They want me to vacate the 15ft belonging to me and they want to take their 15ft
What to do if I had an auto accident that was not my fault
Can I sue for Defamation of character? Can I sue for Defamation of character?
If I grant POA to someone
What to do if my landlord has threatened to punch me if I didn't pay $105 and my ex I had a female visitor? My landlord has threatened to punch me if I didn't pay 105 dollars due. He tells other tenants I am behind in rent and told my ex girlfriend I had a female visitor. Says he will come into my house and toss me and my belongings without going to court or a eviction notice.  He told me that I need to pay back rent in front of my house guest.
Help getting the durable power of attorney forms so i can help my aunt in a rest home? I need help getting the durable power of attorney forms so i can help my aunt in a rest home that needs my help and she can't do it her self? My name is Randy Birchall (424)-268-6636
Do i have the right to withhold rent when there is bed bugs and they are not fixing the issue? Do i have the right to withhold rent when there is bed bugs and they are not fixing the issue?
Is the husband still responsible for half of the rent and arrearage? My husband and I have been married for 6 years. He left me. We have 3 months left on our lease for the house we rent. We are both on the lease. We also owe arrearage on rent because we were late. Is he still responsible for half of the rent and arrearage?
Question regarding being evicted for non-payment of rent? I live in Jacksonville
If I got hurt at a clinic taking an Fce Exam for workers comp
Law on how close one neighbor can erect a fence? Is there a law on how close one neighbor can erect a fence to the boundary with another neighbor?
Want to know is it possible for my aunt to sue anyone for the House? Hi my name is Brittany McNeil. My grandmother had just recently passed in July. She has a will stating everything would be left to my uncle which was also her power of attorney. My aunt is claiming that the House is hers because someone sign in ink her name on the deed. What I wanna know is it possible for her to sue anyone for the House
Can a gas co. put a 24 gas pipe line on my land even if I do not want to? Can a gas co. put a 24 gas pipe line on my land even if I do not want to?
What can my grandma do if she gave my uncle money to buy property but lost it as it's up for auction? My grandma gave my uncle money to buy a piece of his property. She had a trailer put on the property with a separate address and now he has lost the house and its up for auction. What can she do?
Could I use my income to help my brother-in-law knowing I'm using my income for my mother?  I'm filing for my mother and I'm going to use my income as Requirements. My brother in-law is filing for his father but his income don't cover the Poverty Guidelines which he needs affidavit of support. Could I use my income to help him knowing I'm using my income for my mother? Would it affect the applications? thank you
Will the extra money that I have been sending be credited towards my 8 month obligation? My child support judgement of 12 years ago was for 650.00
How do I apply for full custody of our son since the father is MIA? My husband & I are separated
If man never divorces but lives with another woman
Are there any legal travel restrictions to Mexico other than a current U.S. passport? Are there any legal travel restrictions to Mexico other than a current U.S. passport?
Should I incorporate my business in CA
General managing partner sent time-sensitive material to form LLC. I am a partner in a current land/mineral partnership from property in Texas. The current General managing Partner has sent time sensitive material to form as an LLC. There are 22 partners in which I own about 1%. Should I agree?
If the lease is ending and I will not resign a lease
Can I sue if the boss fired me through and employee instead of telling me directly? Can I sue if the boss fired me through and employee instead of telling me directly because he assumed I was sucking my thumb? However I was with my job coach who witnessed the whole encountered.
Recourse if I was verbally annihilated by the union steward in view of 15+ employees
If I'm a part owner of a company
My aunt's son passed and left everything to her. There was no mention of copyrighted material and nothing ever was published. Can she submit his work?
What should I do now if the insurance company does not approve & will not pay for the stomach pain tests? I have had blue cross blue shield of Florida for the last 3 years. It is an HSA. I live and work in Alabama. I go to my doctor because I was having stomach pains. He sends me to a different medical facility
I live in California and last month I had my neighbor arrested for pointing a gun at me and threatening to kill me. I have obtained a restraining order
Do pro bono lawyers have the same process as a paid attorney? Do pro bono lawyers have the same process as a paid attorney?
Is there a time frame the divorce papers have to be returned? If I file for divorce and one party is out of state is there a time frame the papers have to be returned?
What will happen if they can't find me to serve me? What will happen if they can't find me to serve me?
Question regarding uncle who passed away and didn't finish will? We have lived on this property for 10 years. It is in NY. Uncle just passed away. He didn't have time to finish will. So what can we do?
How do I get my ex off my rental agreement? I live with ex boyfriend. He is on the rental agreement but he pays for nothing and he won't move out. How do I get him off my rental agreement?
Can parental rights be taken or child be adopted without consent if father pays no child support? My daughter is 4 and hasn't seen her father or had contact with him in 3 years with no child support. Is there any way i can get his parental rights taken away or have someone else legally adopt her without his permission?
 Is spitting in someones face a battery in Florida?
If I have sole legal and physical custody of my son but moved to another state
Can you sue your ex if he/she does not follow through with the agreement? In a Divorce Settlement
 Why did the courts give custody to a father that has been in jail for the past five years
Can a father terminate his parental rights due to abandonment? In Michigan can a father terminate his parental rights due to abandonment if a father has never seen the child or inquired about the child but is ordered and pays child support?
How do I file a lien on a property for services rendered? How do I file a lien on a property for services rendered?
What to do if a false restraining order was filed against me? What to do if a false restraining order was filed against me?
What do you suggest if I was hit in my company vehicle while parked with my hazard lights on? I was hit in my company vehicle while parked with my hazard lights on. What do you suggest?
Does overnight stay at boyfriend's house break divorce decree? Am I breaking my divorce decree if my children and I stay a night at my boyfriend's house when the decree says both parties' should restrain from co-habitating or living with a member of the opposite sex?
I am 20 years old. I live by myself struggling to pay bills. I just started college and realized that I'm considered dependent because I'm not married an have no kids. But I don't get any help from my parents. Was wondering if I am able to get emancipated.?
Is my 16-year-old son responsible for child support or will the parents be responsible? Is my 16-year-old son responsible for child support when he got a girl pregnant or will the parents be responsible?
if my mother is alive and living in a nursing home
Can garnishment ruling be enforced for company in another state? My company is located in Wisconsin
Are they required to pay me for the home we leased together and in which I am living in?  My spouse moved out and rented another home. Are they required to pay me for the home we leased together and in which I am living in? There is 14 months remaining on the lease.
If I want to sponsor someone for a visitor's visa
Question regarding involved in a traffic accident with a valet driver? I was involved in a traffic accident with a valet driver. I was driving down the street in the right hand lane and the valet driver had a Range Rover parked in the left hand lane. As I was driving by he opened up the door hitting my vehicle. We determine there was no damage to the range rover and the range rover took off. When I called the owner of the valet company to ask for damages to my car he told me the owner of the range rover has contacted him for damages cause his door doesn't work right. The owner refuses to pay for my damages and says his driver says I'm to blame. He also told if I take him to small claims court he will counter sue me the the damages to the range rover he is being held liable for. Does he have case? I have insurance.
Can I still move if I'm moving out of state and I just found out my son's father filed a paternity case? I'm planning to move out of state and I just found out my son's father went to court to file a paternity case. However I haven't received anything yet but court date is in a week from today which is day after my scheduled move date. Can I still move?
How long do you keep your divorce papers if you remarry? How long do you keep your divorce papers if you remarry?
 Can a corporation restrict spouses from attending an out of state conference?
If I sign a limited power of attorney in California which authorizes my husband to handle any property in my name
How would I be able to get custody as fast and cheap as possible for a child that is abused and neglected? My 14-year-old nephew is being abused and neglected. I have another nephew that's younger and a niece also that lives in the same household that are being abused and neglected as well. I've called children in youth and I've also called the police which neither have done anything for the kids so far. The parents of these children are compulsive liars and are getting away with everything they are putting these kids through. How would I be able to get custody as fast and cheap as possible? This situation is very bad and something needs to be done as soon as possible. Thanks.
When served a petition for support from the DOR
How do I set up a company in Delaware? how do i set up a company in Delaware?
Mother lost custody of daughter for drug addiction
In Breach of Contract action
Question regarding power of attorney form needing a seal? Hi I need to know if a power of attorney form need a seal. I have a power of attorney sign by a lawyer but my bank refuse the document because there is no seal
Can my employer discuss my pay with other employees? Can my employer discuss my pay with other employees?
What are the requirements of the employer when they mandate certain requirements of the employee? What are the requirements of the employer when they mandate certain requirements of the employee in order to maintain an employed status after obtaining employment from said employer?
How does one determine how much they deserve in an industrial accident case?  How does one determine how much they deserve in an industrial accident case?
I want to take my daughter out of a mentally abusive environment I am divorced in FL. The state has no custody parent but uses instead a primary or extended visitation with the parent the child lives with and secondary visitation for the other parent. My daughter lives with her mother. She is 14. She wants to come live with me. If I keep her here with me can I be arrested for kidnapping or something of that kind?
How do I answer a lawsuit when I was sued for a dog bite? How do I answer a lawsuit when I was sued for a dog bite?
Do I have any recourse if I was terminated from my job while I was on medical leave? Do I have any recourse if I was terminated from my job while I was on medical leave?
Is a hand written contract a legal binding contract?
How many hours can you legally work in a 24-hour period? How many hours can you legally work in a 24 hour period? I work in home health care and I am scheduled 9am-1pm sat. 7pm-7am sat. into sun. and 8-30am-12pm on sun. Is this legal? I know it isn't safe but do I have a legal leg to stand on?
Question regarding seeking to resolve my 14-year marriage? Seeking to resolve my 14 year marriage. Living in the same household has become so unhealthy for my children and I. I want to move but can't afford to do so because I have a minor child in high school and our home is in both our names. How can I do so legally? He earns two incomes one from a cleaning business I help him with(which I receive no benefit ). Feeling trapped! What can I do?
Question regarding my friend put into her aunt's custody? My friend was recently put into her aunt's custody due to the aunt threatening my friend's mother that if she didn't give her the custody she was going to get my friend's step dad in jail. Now that my friend is living with the aunt
If I get guardianship from my grandsons mom can she take him back or does she have to go back to court? if i get guardianship from my grandsons mom can she take him back or does she have to go back to court?
What to do if my husband wants a divorce but I'm on disability and can't support myself? I have been marry for 12 years to my husband and today he wants a divorce. I'm on disability and that means I wouldn't be able to support myself. I don't have money for a lawyer.
How can my American boyfriend fix my residency in the US when we want to marry and bring my child? Hi
If I made 80K and my wife made 45K
What can I do if my lawyer is losing my child custody case and my son? My lawyer is losing my child custody case.  She is losing my son.  What can I do?
When you hire a lawyer and you have paid him and he is a con artist how do u get your money back? When you hire a lawyer and you have paid him and he is a con artist how do u get your money back and get rid of him?
Does my father have a right to keep us from our kids and what can we do to get them back? Due to loss of employment between my husband and I
Is it possible to enter the U.S. for a job interview? Is it possible to enter the U.S. for a job interview?
What can I do if i lost my unlawful detainer case by default cause I missed my court date? i lost my unlawful detainer case by default cause I missed my court date. What can i do now and what can i do about my water and power being shut off for a month by landlord?
How do I find out if my mom and dad had a will and how do i get half of the house from my two sisters? How do I find out if my mom and dad had a will and how do i get half of the house from my two sisters?
What can I do to see my son if my wife is being unresponsive? My wife has left with our 3 year old son. It's been a few days now. She is not answering her cell. What can I do to see my son?
How come I am responsible for my husband's state and federal income tax bills? How come I am responsible for my husband's state and federal income tax bills? Is there a way I can get my name off of this
Is there any thing I can do about the incident that destroyed the evidence?  My dad was killed in a car wreck. The very next day his brother goes and gets his car from the tow yard and had it crushed and sold for scrap iron. I had to fly there and I am my dad's only living child. It was awful what went on while I was there then months later my dad's insurance people call me looking for the car for investigation They all lied about it. Is there any thing I can do about this that destroyed the evidence?
If I own a 2012 motorcycle is it possible to sublease it to someone?  If I own a 2012 motorcycle is it possible to sublease it to someone? If I make a sublease contract and have it notarized stating that they are responsible for payments will having it notarized make it legal?
What could happen if I don't show when I have a customer taking me to small claims court? I have a customer taking me to small claims court. What could happen if I don't show?
Can our landlord force us to sign a new lease 3 months before lease runs out? Can our landlord force us to sign a new lease 3 months before lease runs out and after living here for 7 yrs requires us to give another $300 security deposit?
Is it legal to ask a woman to wear a skirt? What is the applicant has a disability and doesn't what to show it? I applied for a casino dealer job in new jersey
True if one of the founders of my company
How long do I have to go thru probate after husband dies? How long do I have to go thru probate after husband dies?
What to do if my son got into an accident
 What are the laws regarding tools for mechanics?
Can I get a case of careless driving and leaving the scene dismissed if I did not know I hit the person's car? Can I get a case of careless driving and leaving the scene dismissed if I did not know I hit the person's car and if I drove only two blocks from the supposed accident to my home? Officer came to my house and ticketed me.
Oral Power Of Attorney Hi. I signed some health documents for my mother with her permission and I signed her name
Is this legally binding?  Failed to file and/or pay the City of Hamtramck
If my father passed away 2 months ago
Is an offer of employment by e-mail with wage offered a legal contract?  Is an offer of employment by e-mail
Is there anyway my dad can take the land back if he signed a quit claimed deed? My dad signed a quit claimed deed but since then he is still the one paying all the property taxes. Is there anyway he can take the land back?
Rental Apartment I haven't signed a rental contract
Can I get fired if I file a grievance for working in a hostile workplace? Can I get fired if I file a grievance for working in a hostile workplace when there was slander of my character and searching my office?
If my landlord gave me a letter requesting to enter my apartment on Thursday and does not show up till Friday
Am I allowed to assign the whole contract to them if I want to assign rights of a contract? I want to assign rights of a contract I have to a nonprofit I also run.  Am I allowed to assign the whole contract to them?  Since I do not receive the income
Can an employer change an employee's time card?  Can an employer change an employee's time card? In other words
Can I get the car back if my friend did not paid in 3 months? I gave my friend my car in my name with the agreement. She would make the payments she has not paid in 3 months. Can I get the car back?
How much would it cost for my divorce if the father has physical custody every other weekend and he is willing to sign for the divorce? I've been separated for 12 years and I have primary custody. How much would it cost for my divorce if the father has physical custody every other weekend and he is willing to sign for the divorce?
When my tenant has died after signing a lease
What age of the child does child support payments end? What age of the child does child support payments end?
Is it a problem to mention nursery rhymes in my book?  I wrote a childrens book that mentions the names of nursery rhymes and mother goose - is that a problem?
What to do if I paid someone to build a website for me and they plagiarized my competitor's site? I paid someone to build a website for me
A legally enforceable agreement: to do or not to do something? A legally enforceable agreement: to do or not to do something?
30 days ago I signed a contract with a wedding venue for Oct 31 2012.  Now I wish to cancel that contract.  We have already put half of the cost down and they want the remainder of the cost of the venue
How can someone be authorized to handle business affairs and banking for a corporation or LLC in the event the principals are not available?  Or what if they die?
What to do if an ex of my husband is constantly texting
Question regarding my current ownership of a house with my parents? I currently co-own a house in California (Santa Clara County) w/my parents. The original deed lists ownership as follows:(my name)
Are we legally married in Mississippi even though we remarried in Alabama? My present wife and I were married before in Mississippi. We divorced in Mississippi. We remarried again in Alabama. Are we legally married in Mississippi even though we remarried in Alabama?
I have a civil matter with my mechanic. Do I have grounds to file suit to get my deposit back if no work was done and no parts were ordered? I have my receipt and it does not state deposits are non-refundable nor did he state it verbally.
What to do if can't have my daughter's father on the birth certificate since it wasn't in the judgement? I became pregnant before my divorce was finalized.  My ex husband is not the biological father of my daughter.  I didn't know I had to have it in the judgment of divorce that he wasn't.  Now I can't have her biological father on the birth certificate since it wasn't in the divorce judgement.
Do I have a right to keep my kids in Martin county where they have resided since when they were born? My wife moved out to Tampa 3 months ago. We lived in and I still live in Martin County
Need to know my rights if I've been married for 33 years and want a divorce? I have been married for 33 years and now I want divorce
How do I write in a legal document in an unemployment gap? How do I write in a legal document in an unemployment gap when asked for a 5-year employment history?
Can he sell this condo without me and do I have any legal rights? We have been married 12 years now and my husband wants me to move out and sell the condo which he bought before our marriage. It's still our home & I lived there for 20 years. This is my only home and I am 65 years old.  Can he sell this condo without me and do I have any legal rights?
Is it legal for an employer to deny their employee a drink if they are thirsty? Is it legal for an employer to deny their employee a drink if they are thirsty?
Can we cancel a contract we signed yesterday after noon for acrylic painting on the exterior of our home? Can we cancel a contract we signed yesterday after noon for acrylic painting on the exterior of our home? We had a high pressure salesman here and we were not really wanting to buy. Does the three day rule apply here? Can we cancel it?
If I am made beneficiary of a large sum of money and the benefactor requested most of the funds to be given to charities
If my mother wants to give me her portion of the 7 acres she owned together
How do you tell if an online website is legitimate for filing for divorce? How do you tell if an online website is legitimate for filing for divorce?
Can my friend be required to pay this illegitimate amount of money with her disability income? My 50 year old friend is disabled as a result of Guillen Bare Syndrome.  After rehab she had a roommate to share expenses. She owes about $1500 but the former roommate had her sign(she was not paying attention) a note for $5000.  My friend has paid back much of what she borrowed but her roommate would never accept a check or give a receipt.  The room mate is taking my friend to small claims court
Question regarding my college-student son working as an intern for a startup in the bay area? My college-student son is working as an intern for a startup in the bay area.  He is being paid an amount monthly agreed to ahead of time.  He is doing programming work
How do you go about setting up a foundation for a deceased loved one?  How do you go about setting up a foundation for a deceased loved one? Where does one begin?
Does a domain name uphold in court as a legitimate copyright against an LLC? Does a domain name uphold in court as a legitimate copyright against an LLC?
What proof do I need to prove defamation of character? What proof do I need to prove defamation of character?
Can son get ticket for paraphernalia without possessing pot? Can my son get a ticket for paraphernalia if he has a one hitter with no pot resin or no pot on his possession
What are my rights and what happens when I can't pay the credit card company? I am being sued by a credit card company. I am a senior citizen with social security as my main income with 2 days work a few months out of the year. What are my rights and what happens when I can't pay it?
Is it ok for a 5 year old child to testify in family court for a neglect case?
Is there any way I can recoup some of the money that I had already paid my ex for child support? I reside in the state of California where seven years ago I went to court for custody of my child and lost. Six years ago my child decided to move in with me and her mother told me the only way she would allow this if I continued to pay her child support. I felt like I was being blackmailed
Is there any way for me to be compensated if I had a heart attack? I was staying out of town to do a job for my employer and after hours I had a heart attack. Is there any way for me to be compensated?
Can you sue someone for forty dollars in small claims court in Georgia? Can you sue someone for forty dollars in small claims court in Georgia?
What to do if I bought take out from casino & had foreign object? What to do if I bought take out from casino & had foreign object?
What options do I have if a coworker disclosed several financial matters? A coworker disclosed several financial matters including credit report information to other coworkers.  He obtained this info through a relative that works for a policing  agency.  What options do I have?
Can Comcast deny me the right to speak to a supervisor when the customer service rep is rude? Can a business (Comcast) deny me the right to speak to a supervisor when the customer service rep is rude and wrong about the information???  The rep told me she wouldn't transfer me.
If i am on visit visa in America can my uncle sponsor me for green card? If i am on visit visa in America can my uncle sponsor me for green card?
Can I take action against a former employer who is giving me bad references?  Can I take action against a former employer in NY who is giving me bad references? I've been out of work  (in online media) for five years now and I feel this is happening. I'm mid-career with good references otherwise.
Does my friend have any hope of getting charges dropped for the policeman's terrible actions? I know someone who was stopped by a cop today for speeding. They wanted to search the car and it wasn't their car. The owner gave permission and they sent in a canine and the dog found a roach. Immediately the cop made haste toward the individual about tackling him to the point of sending the individuals phone across the road. The whole problem is this individual didn't even move. No sign that he was going to run. He was standing still. From a legal standpoint that seems like police brutality. On top of that
Can you stop a business owner from spreading false information that can harm your business? Can you stop a business owner from spreading false information that can harm your business?
Is it legal if my landlord sent me a notice of renewing my lease on March when it's really May? I live in Michigan. My lease is up in May of 2012. My landlord has sent me a notice stating that I may renew the Lease but it must by renewed by 03-22-12. Is that legal?
If a collector called me for a debt back in 2003
Do we need a attorney to make our irrevocable trust legal
I signed up with an agent but want to move it to Louisiana. How can I? How do I move an LLC from Nevada to Louisiana? I signed up one year ago with Nevada Corporate Headquarters and they are my registered agent.  I was told by NCH that I would have to dissolve my company and reopen in Louisiana if I wanted to move my LLC to Louisiana. I would have to think there is an easier way. I need to get this done by the end of February and need help doing this.
Can you be fired after letter of resignation rejected? Can a job reject a letter of resignation then say you're being let go?
How can my parole be threatened when co-defendant was released with the same amount owed? In the state of Michigan
Brother and I inherited parents' home but he says I can't stay. My brother and I inherited my parents home. My brother has been living there & I need to stay there for a while because I can not pay my rent. My brother says I can not stay. Since I am half owner can I move in anyways? I really don't have a choice on a place to go.
 I work in Florida. My company has illegal software
I want to know if i can go on a cruise to Cozumel
Is there a time limit on how long you have to be married before a step parent can adopt a step child? Is there a time limit on how long you have to be married in the state of California before a step parent can adopt a step child?
What are all legal documents? Would I need other than service contracts between buyers & sellers
f I take my husband's last name legally
Do I  have to continue visitation if I don't want child support anymore? I pay my child support and have had enough with my ex and my daughter. My ex makes me drive to her place which is 3 hours away & refuses to come to my place for pick up. My daughter doesn't want to come and she tells me her mom has plans and that's why she came. Do I  have to continue visitation if I don't want it anymore?
How can I obtain sole custody? I have joint custody with my x
If my disabled son is thrown out of his wheelchair on a school bus is that gross negligence? If my disabled son is thrown out of his wheelchair on a school bus is that gross negligence?
How can I get my money back if a law firm has frozen my account? My Name is Clarise Murphy
If we get married will I become responsible for my fiancee's debts? My fiancee has a debt
If I divorce
Who has legal custody of our daughter if my ex and I never filed for custody? My 2-year-old daughter was born in the state of CA and neither I nor her father filed for custody through the court system. who has legal custody of her?
I was given thirty days to vacate. How can I get more time?
Question regarding owning a home jointly with someone else? I own a home jointly in Michigan with another. We are not married. The mortgage is in that persons name. I have no obligation to it. I am on the title to the home. A company has attached a lien to the home that is only the other persons debt. I have no obligation to that debt. Is this legal? If not how do I get it removed immediately?
Can I get more support if I make more than my husband since he never made a house payment? I make more than my ex-husband.  I also kept the home we built during our marriage.  He doesn't have a house payment and hasn't since we divorced almost 10 years ago.   Can I get more support?  He originally agreed to pay 700 a month once the two older children were grown.  Now I get 425 a month.  Why do I have to go by state guidelines when he filed for a modification?  He didn't have any problems agreeing to the original figures.
if my ex husband is not the biological dad of my son can he claim him on his taxes? if my ex husband is not the biological dad of my son can he claim him on his taxes?
How do I figure out a settlement amount involving an elevator accident in which I was injured? How do I figure out a settlement amount involving an elevator accident in which I was injured? Is there a formula I can use
Can ex claim children on their taxes without my consent? I live in California and have full physical custody of my two daughters. Can my ex-husband or his girlfriend claim my children or even one child on their taxes without my consent? What can I do if they already have?
What to do after a judge ignores the victim's statement for restitution?  A Judge ignored or never saw the victims statement for restitution therefore the case was closed. What should I do?
Is mold considered to be enough to declare the unit uninhabitable? My son signed a lease for an apartment with me as guarantor.  One of his roommates moved in early only to find a significant mold problem which he reported in writing. A minimal effort was made to clean and paint over
Statue of limitations on the number of hours overworked after falling asleep? Here we go. I worked for a security company as a guard for 5 years with 3 call offs and I was fired for falling asleep. I was overworked. one month i worked like 25-28
What does bequeath and devise in fee to my wife mean?   What does bequeath and devise in fee to my wife mean?
Strong case to file for sole custody if my daughter's father doesn't want to pay child support? My daughter's father doesn't want to pay child support & says that he will go to jail instead.  Now he gets her every other weekend and I have to provide him with things like pampers
If I was in an accident and it was my fault is there anything that can be done for my medical bills? If I was in an accident and it was my fault is there anything that can be done for my medical bills?
How does one lawyer buy an opposing lawyer out against their clients interest or vice-versa?  How does one lawyer buy an opposing lawyer out against their clients interest or vice-versa?  I live in a small town in Louisiana
Is it legal to pay me less per hour than an eight hour employee simply because I work a 12-hour schedule? Is it legal to pay me less per hour than an eight hour employee simply because I work a 12-hour schedule?
Do I have any legal rights to support even if my separated husband lives in England with our son?  My husband and I have been married 12 years. He is leaving me and taking our 17-year-old with him to England. I quit working  in 2004 when we took on our 2 daughters as foster children then adopted them on Aug
We are an early stage startup seeded by a corporation. We have to file total of 5 patents and 5 trademarks for our startup. We have filed 1 utility patent and 1 trademark in 2010. Our first patent & trademark cost us approximately $6K in legal costs. I am looking for cost estimates for the next 4.
What can I do if someone is sending letters putting me down to my sponsors? what can i do if someone is sending letters putting me down to my sponsors and making me scared to go to my work?
What happens if you get fired for no reason? What happens if you get fired for no reason?
Insurance company in personal injury suit will pay for medical bills but not accept liability. My attorney just informed me that the insurance company involved in my personal injury suit will pay for my medical bills now
How do I put my money into a family trust? How do I put my money into a family trust and do I need a lawyer for that?  How much does it cost?
My tenant broke her lease (signed on for 12 months but left after 9) but her boyfriend has asked to remain in the property to complete her obligation.  Do I need a new lease?  What happens to her pet & breakage deposit?  The home is under the control of a property management company.
Where can I find a contract to have our models sign to wear our clothing?
Can an LLC be setup as a C Corp? Can an LLC be setup as a C Corp? What would be some of the advantages
How do we get our roof fixed with no leaking when the homeowners are no longer paying the insurance? We are renting a house we eventually want to own and discovered that the roof needs serious repair and the homeowners are no longer paying the house insurance or taxes and are refusing to fix the roof. Our roof is now leaking. What can we do to get it fixed?
Can the ex wife who has primary custody of a child 12 years or younger to change their last name without the approval of the other parent in Pennsylvania? Can the ex wife who has primary custody of a child 12 years or younger to change their last name without the approval of the other parent in Pennsylvania?
What doe the Massachusetts circuit breaker law mean and who doe it apply to? What doe the Massachusetts circuit breaker law mean and who doe it apply to?
Do creditors need to notify you by mail before they levee your bank acct or put a lien on your property? Do creditors need to notify you by mail before they levee your bank acct or put a lien on your property?
How old must a child be before they can make the decision of which parent they wish to live with? In North Carolina how old must a child be before he/she can make the decision of which parent they wish to live with?
Sue my ex to sell the property to get my name off the loan? My ex-wife got a piece of property and our house in the divorce settlement. She is subsequently late on the property payments affecting my credit - since we are both on both loans despite the intra-family transfer. Can I sue her for contempt since she is not following her end of the agreement in the divorce. Can I sue her to sell both the house and the property to get my name off the loan. What other options do I have?
If the father lives in Florida and the kids live in New York what law(s) do you follow regarding child support? If the father lives in Florida and the kids live in New York what law(s) do you follow regarding child support?
What can you do when a doctor discloses your personal information in front of another person? What can you do when a doctor discloses your personal information in front of another person?
Can I apply for refugee situation so that I can work in the states when I have a B2 visa? Hi I am from Syria with a B2 visa. I am here since 26 of June. Am I eligible for TPS or can I apply for refugee situation so that I can work in the states?
 I am covered on my wife's health insurance at Walmart.  I recently enrolled for VA health services. Can my wife drop me from her coverage under lifestyle change or is she required to wait until open enrollment?Thank you
Is S-corp shareholder entitled to revenue after dissolving portion? If a shareholder in a Texas S Corporation wants to dissolve his portion of the company and the company has debt; but the company is still producing revenue from business the shareholder has produced. Does the shareholder have a right to receive payment from his percentage?
Does my former employer have to pay for my health insurance for March if I was let go in March? I was let go from my last job on March 2
After you move out of a rental property
Legal to name a product(s) based on lyrics from an old cartoon intro? We'd like to name a trio of products after a couple of lines from a cartoon intro from back in the 70's.The 8 words themselves are not individually unique (e.g. Google)
What form do i file with the DMV to reinstate my drivers license? hello
Can I resolve the partnership if my partner is not cooperating? I have a Partnership with a business.  He has not returned my phone calls and has been taking money out of the checking account without notifying me.  Can I resolve the partnership? Can I get my own DBA?  What can he do against me?
What options do I have when my previous landlord has put a freeze on my bank account and will not return my call? What options do I have when my previous landlord has put a freeze on my bank account and will not return my call? I live in the state of Pennsylvania.
Advice should I get before I try to start a business for landlords to report bad tenants? I would like to start a website business for landlords  to report BAD TENANTS
If an advertiser made a mistake in their terms and won't pay me
Any laws for the workplace about temperature for retail stores? Are there any laws for the workplace about temperature for retail stores?
Is my ex obligated to start child support and pay half of the household bills? My husband and I are in the middle of divorce.  We are still living together and he has stopped depositing his paycheck into our account.  Is he obligated to start child support and pay half of the household bills?
Does the landlord have a right to break the lock in my storage? I rent an apartment in Fresno
 Can a notarized letter supersede a will?
Will my son be able to insist legally that his son take his legal last name? My daughter-in-law has not taken my son's last name since they were married 1 year ago. They are expecting their first child. Will my son be able to insist legally that his son take his legal last name?
If I walk away will it hurt me/my credit or taxes financially with the inherited home? Inherited home. My name on house deed but not mortgage or loan documents. If I walk away will it hurt me/my credit or taxes financially?
If someone takes my art and enters it in a contest without my permission
Can my husband set up Wills behind my back and are Wills more powerful than a spouse? Can my husband set up Wills behind my back and are Wills more powerful than a spouse?
Does it make a difference if we were married in Las Vegas and now we live in Virginia but divorce? My spouse and I just signed divorce papers and everything will be over. Does it make a difference if we were married in Las Vegas and now we live in Virginia?
What would I need to provide to the court to win full custody to move out of state? What would I need to provide to the court to win full custody to move out of state?
Possible to hold mini-fundraisers to accumulate money to pay for application legally? I am interested in setting up a 501 c3 but do not have the funds to do it. Is it possible to hold mini-fundraisers to accumulate enough money to pay for the application without incurring any legal issues?
How to get legal representation for not having insurance in an accident & I was the person being hit? How to get legal representation for not having insurance in a car accident and I was the person being hit?
Am I entitled to overtime when I have worked over 8hrs. per day? As an hourly employee am I entitled to overtime when I have worked over 8hrs. per day or over 40hrs per week?
Can I use the entire amount of the security deposit to replace the carpet? My tenant moved out
Legal for My employer to fire me cause I sold broken empty wooden pallets and some bale of cardboard? My employer used the reason to fire me and said that I sold broken empty wooden pallets and some bale of cardboard.
How can I easily change my company from Sub S to LLC? How can I easily change my company from Sub S to LLC?
If I have a conditional permanent residence card which expires a year ago
Am I able to vacate my apartment without any problems to leave a week earlier? Hello
What is the legal date a landlord shut off the heat for the end of the winter season? In Massachusetts
Can the seller change their mind on signing a land contract cause we wouldn't give more money? After signing a land contract and giving the seller a down payment a few days later she changed her mind because we wouldn't give her more money for things she said went with the house. Can the seller do that?
Anything I can do if I moved to another state to work at Safeway and they failed to properly transfer me? I relocated from Washington state to California.  I work for Safeway and I gave company 2 months notice that I was leaving to get closer to family and requested a transfer.  I got an approved  transfer however they don't guarantee a job but say they make every effort to do so.  Well I have been in CA for over 6 weeks now and have not heard from Safeway. I went online and applied at 5 stores in the area. My unemployment is being denied as they are saying I was the moving party therefore it is ruled as a quit.  Employer failed to report the reason for my separation.  I now need to send in a written appeal. Is there anything I can do?  If you need more info let me know.
What to do if someone is pressing criminal charges against us for buying stuff from a company? I own a business in Pittsburgh. I bought some stuff from a company in Virgina. I paid $2000 on a $10000 bill and now they called today and said we have to pay it all. As well they called the police and they wanted to know what was going on we just sent them another 2000 on the account and they are saying they are going to press criminal charges against us. What should we do?
Can you be liable even after posting Swim at Your Own Risk signs? If you post swim at your own risk signs if there is no lifeguard on duty
Can I give my sister power of attorney to represent me in a divorce as I'm going out of country? Can I give my sister power of attorney to represent me in a divorce (agreeable one
Am I liable for injuries resulting from person using my property? Am I liable if a person uses my tree stand for hunting and they fall and injure themselves?
Can I use domestic violence case to deport green card holder? I had a domestic violence case against somebody a couple month ago. I had police report. Can I continue with the case if i want get her deported because she is a green card holder?
Can employee still work on green card if H1B expires first? Can the employer still work on the green card if the employee's H1B expires and they have to leave the country? The H1B holder is coming up at 6 years on H1B at the end of the year
My apartment has been uninhabitable.  What are my rights? My apartment has been under construction from 11/22/11 until today (uninhabitable due to outside water damage). What are my rights?
Why would lawyer put in my will the clause provided she survive me by 90 days  pertaining to my wife? Why would my lawyer put in my will the clause provided she survive me by 90 days  pertaining to my wife?
Can you break a lease if you purchase a home? Can you break a lease if you purchase a home?
Can ex take me back to court if divorce papers signed
What are normal witness questions?  What questions do normally ask a witness?
What happens if the damages in an auto accident exceeds my auto insurance amount? What happens if the damages in an auto accident exceeds my auto insurance amount?
Is there a statute of limitations for filing a petition to become executor over an estate? Is there a statute of limitations for filing a petition to become executor over an estate?
Can new owner vacate lessors if two years remaining on lease? Our club is leasing property on a dairy farm. The farm is being sold
Can my employer reduce my wages? Can my employer reduce my wages?
What to do if we leased a minigolf and owner took the sign away without permission? We lease the Parkville Minigolf. The owner took the sign away without permission and also is ripping us off $7000.
Can my case of disorderly conduct be thrown out due to negligence and not reading my Miranda rights? I received a disorderly conduct (240.20-3). I was wondering if I was supposed to have been read my Miranda rights? And if so can my case be thrown out due to their negligence?
What is the best way to setup the different agreements with founders and advisers?  I am starting up a company. What is the best way to setup the different agreements with founders and advisers? Since we will be raising funds at a later stage
if you were evicted and your belongings were left there
Family with illegal alien husband applying for rental. I have a small residential property management company in CA. A family applied to rent from me
Can I use parents' address on N-400 application? Can I use my parent's address on N-400 application
Do I give the money back when they broke contract after 2 weeks and they want a full refund? I received $500 to be a wedding coordinator for 8 weeks. They broke contract after 2 weeks. They want a full refund or a prorate. I have 52 hrs invested. Do I give the money back?
Thinking about a divorce? Thinking about a divorce?
Once I adopt my niece who lives in the Philippines
Are international savings accounts exempt from chapter 7 bankruptcy liquidation policies? Are international savings accounts exempt from chapter 7 bankruptcy liquidation policies?
Can a green card holder petition her overstaying son of 20 years old without being deported when priority date comes?  Can a green card holder petition her overstaying son of 20 years old without being deported when priority date comes? Can he just pay the penalty when that said date comes?
In California
How many hours the employee has to work for a salary? how many hours the employee has to work for a salary?
Can a previous landlord place a levy on the contents of my present apartment? Can a previous landlord place a levy on the contents of my present apartment? He does not own the property I reside in now. Is this legal ?
Help getting a divorce? I need help getting a divorce.
What will happen to a green card holder sponsored by a spouse who is willing to divorce? What will happen to a green card holder sponsored by a spouse who is willing to divorce?
 Previous employer has been lying about drug use to clients
If under 18 no Breaks at work? If under 18 no Breaks at work?
How much will a person receive if they sue a company they work for because they hurt their knee on the job? How much will a person receive if they sue a company they work for because they hurt their knee on the job and may have to have surgery?
What to do with motion to dismiss for lack of jurisdiction in child custody case? What to do with motion to dismiss for lack of jurisdiction in child custody case?
Conflict of interest if you cancel a lawyer for consultation and husband hires the lawyer? If you have an appt. to see lawyer for consultation but don't make it
If you were at the scene of a robbery can you be arrested for it? If you were at the scene of a robbery can you be arrested for it?
What is the procedure if I'm a US citizen and I would like to bring my daughter to the US from Spain? I am a US citizen
Question regarding a child whose mother is facing armed robbery charges? There is a child in Florida whose mother is facing armed robbery charges.  The father (from Kentucky) is deceased.  The mother and father were not married.  The Grandmother on the father's side wants to pursue custody of the child.  The mother's sister is claiming that the mother signed the child over to her.  Does the Grandmother have a leg to stand on?  If so what actions should she take?
Question regarding Santa Monica rent control? I have a question regarding Santa Monica rent control.
Question regarding FMLA and their regulations on serious health conditions to not work? I called out of work sick 2 days ago. Now I'm being suspended for an in-excused absence. I want to know the FMLA says any serious health condition that makes me unable to work. Does being sick count?
 Will there be a 3 1/2% tax on homes sold once Obama Care is the law?
I am contracted by Sweetwater Unified to photograph completed school projects.  Images are used on websites
Legal for my landlord wants to raise rent mid-lease? My landlord wants to raise rent mid-lease. Is that legal?
Will my mother lose everything she worked for if her late husband never re-wrote his will leaving everything to his former family? My mother just lost her husband and looks as if he never re-wrote his will and his will left everything to his son and his former wife. My mother and him had been married for 17 years and they did buy the former wife and son out when they refinanced their home and have bought a house together. Will she lose everything she has worked for?
Is the social worker in breach of fourth amendment? My 14yr old daughter missed several days of school because her bus stop is almost a half mile down the road. To make a long story short
Do I need permission from the real song's singer to have such a thing published even if it is a spoof? I wrote a fictional
Can my landlord refuse to have me at the open house of the selling of my rental house? My landlord decided to sell my rental house.  He has told me he is having an open house on Saturday and I cannot be there. I have thousands of dollars in tools on the property and don't feel comfortable leaving.  Can he do that?
Can you sue your place of employment for mental distress? Can you sue your place of employment for mental distress?
what does the statement possession is nine tenths law mean?
If I terminate my parental rights do I still have to pay child support? If I terminate my parental rights do I still have to pay child support?
Will filing for bankruptcy cancel or void any contracts?  Will filing for bankruptcy cancel or void any contracts? For example
Do I have right to decisions if stepsister is late mother's POA and executor? My mother died yesterday & my stepsister says she is her power of attorney and executor. Do I have any right about any decisions that are being made?
True in Philadelphia that a child's father is not entitled to pay child support if he's not working? Hi. I just wanted to know how true is it in Philadelphia a child's father is not entitled to pay child support if he's not working?
What to do if I dug a basement and poured a footer for a house he don't want to pay? I'm a contractor. I dug a basement and poured a footer for a house he don't want to pay.
Is a three day notice of eviction legal and does it need to be notarized? Is a three day notice of eviction legal and does it need to be notarized?
Is it better to rush paperwork dissolving CA corp? Looking to dissolve a California Corp. that hasn't been 'active' for several years. Is there any advantage in paying the rush fee to process the paperwork so that it technically falls within the year?Trying to figure out if it's worth paying the rush fee.
Do I need to protect myself in any way when I'm privy to customer's personal information as an independent contractor? I work for a company as an independent contractor.  We train sales people in improving their customer sales calls.  I am privy to all the customer's personal information including social security numbers
Should my father put the deed to his home which he has willed to us equally in order for the state to take possession of it to pay for nursing home cost? Should he need one?
Would it be a problem when I send the forms to USCIS if I still have my single name in all my documents ? I'm filling for greencard
What documentation is needed for the 10 year green card? What documentation is needed for the 10 year green card?
Can my 16-year-old decide what days he can visit & can he be emancipated from me?  Can my 16-year-old decide what days he can visit? He doesn't want to go by my rules and mother tells him he doesn't have to. Can he be emancipated from me?
How do I transfer my father's car title (listed on the estate) to my name? After my father's estate is settled and that is all even steven
Can you get a passport with paternity test result paperwork?
Can I incur late fees after 5 days if the tenant is up to 2 weeks late? Hi
Do probation officers have the right to pull up clients phone records?  Do probation officers have the right to pull up clients phone records?
Can a landlord evict you if you lost your job? Can a land lord evict you if you lost your job? I never been late with the rent and can still pay my rent for up the the lease ends.
Question about identity theft and hindering my job? I have an identity theft situation for worthless checks on my background. It wasn't anything that I did and I'm being penalized for it. It's hindering me from finding work because it keeps coming up on my background check. I recently accepted a position at citi mortgage & they called me today to place me on hold for job. Is there anything I can do to salvage my position? I'm to start on Monday
What are my rights if I'm living in a house that is rapidly becoming unsafe with mold and a very bad roof and my landlord won't fix it? I'm living in a house that is rapidly becoming unsafe with mold and a very bad roof and my landlord won't fix it. What are my rights?
What is copyright law? How do I get something copyrighted? Must it be done
If a restraining is un-violated isn't it a civil matter? If a restraining is un-violated isn't it a civil matter and if so how can if affect your ability to purchase a gun? It seems to me if no law was broken then it should not affect anything
In the state of Pennsylvania
Does NY require wearing of seat belts in a parking lot? Does NY require wearing of seat belts in a parking lot?
After you ask for a warrant
Can I sue the customer for lost wages for the month that was owed per agreement? I'm self employed as I do cleaning for a living. This lady I worked for gave me no notice and led me to believe  I was working for the month and that's how she paid me. Never contacted me
How can I get out of the lease? If I signed a year lease and lost my job and can't afford the rent
Question regarding my late mother leaving a notarized will? My mother died and left a notarized will. I have a lawyer who had it Probated. She stated that half the proceeds of her house was to go to her 4 surviving children and the other was to go to our cousin. He owned half. All my siblings past in the process 1  before my mom and 2 after. Do the 2 latter siblings children inherit their share?
Does the first marriage in Jamaica cancel his marriage in America? I know someone who was married in Jamaica and never got divorced when he came to America.  Then he met his current wife and married her.  Does that marriage in Jamaica cancel his marriage in America?
Is it possible to switch the company's name? I have an S-Corp that was formed 4 years ago in NY. Is it possible to switch the company's name?
Filing small claims suit representing someone without showing power of attorney. Can someone file a small claims court suit representing someone else and actually show up in court and represent them without showing in court that they have a power of attorney or another document allowing them to do so?
What are my rights if a credit card garnished my pay without my knowing? A credit card garnished my pay without my knowing. What are my rights?
Legal if employer allowed to pay me last check and then reverse it? My employer deducted $324  from my check for the past 3 weeks for insurance so I left to find new employment. I have direct deposit and they paid me my last check and then went into my account and reversed it. Are they allowed to do this? Please call me at 586-980-9328
Must an employer require to give employees a break & lunch period? Must an employer require to give employees a break and lunch period?
I signed a promissory note as the lender on 3/24/2008 and still have not been paid back by the borrower for $12
Can we be thrown on the street if we can't find a place to move by the end of the lease? Can we be thrown on the street if we can't find a place to move by the end of the lease?
With 3 separate leases
Is it most beneficial if the investment company is willing to pay for the first mortgage? There is an Investment Company who would like to purchase the note for my house. I have been in Bankruptcy for a couple years and the LOAN and line of credit were part of the claim. The house is not foreclosed as of today's date. The investment Company is willing to pay for the first mortgage. Their letter does not indicate the line of credit. Would this procedure be beneficial to me?
Still qualify for the deferred action dreamers since I came here to the United States in 2007? I would like to know if I still qualify for the deferred action dreamers since I came here to the United States on November 2007?
Can someone be evicted if they are currently renting  a room without a lease  agreement being signed?   Can someone be evicted out of a house  if they are currently renting  a room without a lease  agreement being signed?  after being  there for one year
Can my boss legally make me work 9 hours with no lunch or break and being docked 1 hour for lunch? I am a receptionist at a company that requires me to work on a Saturday. There is no one else to cover for me while I go to lunch. I must work 9 hours. The boss tells me that I will get no lunch or break because of the no coverage
Since I have not received anything in writing is my landlord's verbal 3-day notice valid? On July 3
How far back does child support go?  How far back does child support go? what I'm asking is how does it work? Do you only get from the time you file or do you get from day one when the child is born?
Can I be successful if I go to the labor board to get back pay from a company? Can I be successful if I go to the labor board to get back pay from a company that made me work through my lunch and break times? They also deducted money from my paycheck for use of the products needed for my job without my consent
Do you have to present ID when requested in the state of Pennsylvania? Do you have to present ID when requested in the state of Pennsylvania?
How to create DBA for business entity in MI? I'm incorporated in Delaware and need to create a DBA for a business entity I'll be operating in the State of Michigan.  What is needed to set this up?
X-teresa long's Confidential Question if im fighting a case .and during jury trial aint it my sivial right for me to have all my wittnesses  testifie
How can I change my age? I want to know how I can change my age? I was born 1990 and when my family and I moved to the us they change my year of birth to 1992. I am in the process of getting my citizenship and I'm scared with I tell them that I could get deported. What should I do?
How can you not have to pay child support if you are the father? How can you not have to pay child support if you are the father?
Question regarding My cousin's father leaving him under the care of his grandparents? My cousin's father left him under the care of his grandparents for 12 years out of 14
Best protect my intellectual property and ownership rights when partnering with a manufacturing firm? How can I best protect my intellectual property and ownership rights when partnering with a Chinese manufacturing firm?
Do I have to allow my son to visit his dad out of the  country? My son's father left the country for Italy to fix his investor visa but has been denied a new visa. He is re- applying and doesn't know how long he'll be out of the country.  He is moving to the Bahamas until he's able to return back. My questions is
Can a power of attorney be revoked? can a power of attorney be revoked?
How long can a US Citizen live outside of the US without losing Us citizenship status? How long can a US Citizen live outside of the US without losing Us citizenship status?
If I live in Alabama and my mother is 85
Can the landlord refuse to pay my boyfriend the work he's done even with checks and documentation as proof? My boyfriend has been working for our apartment complex. He has not been paid since November and had worked it out with the owner that they would take it off the rent. She is now stating that she did not authorize him to work there and that she doesn't owe him anything. He has checks that have been written and documentation of his hours. Can she do that?
Law to pay overtime rate of time and a half who works over 40? Is it a law to pay overtime rate of time and a half to a full time worker who works over 40 hours?
What are the grounds for divorce? What are the grounds for divorce?
 What is my liability from damages my dog causes to neighbors' properties or to their pets?I have homeowner's insurance and an umbrella policy. My dog wouldn't be classified as dangerous -- i.e. just a 20 lb mutt
What do I do if my work is not paying me for drive time? The company I work for is not paying me for drive time. I'm working 12hr days and only getting paid for 8. I know that's against the law. What do I do?
Is my eviction legal? I am an subtenant without a leash to a long term commercial tenant
What to do if my job is not paying me for my hours? What to do if my job is not paying me for my hours?
If I used another roofing company can they sue me for breach of contract? I sign a contingent insurance approval contract with a roof company 4\27/12
Can an employee be sent home when suspected of using alcohol on or before the job without question? Can an employee be sent home when suspected of using alcohol on or before the job without question?
What are my legal options if I'm renting a house and it looks like the tenant won't pay? I'm in California.  I rent a house from my landlord.  I rent out a room to UC Berkeley students.  We have a month to month agreement.  A student living here now might try to skip out before April 1st. I see indicators and today is March 21st. He will owe me 500.00 on the that day. What are my legal options should he do this?
What are the laws regarding a published picture being used without the consent of the people in the photo? What are the laws regarding a published picture being used without the consent of the people in the photo?
If you own your home but rent your lot can landlord charge you for guests who stay more than 4 nights? If you own your home but rent your lot can your landlord charge you for guests who stay more than 4 nights a month?
If you're 17 and living on your own can you go into legal contracts?  If you're 17 and living on your own can you go into legal contracts?
If I've been put on administrative leave from work and have not been told why
Best to start a for-profit corporation if I'm going to operate a yearly festival? I'd like to start a company that is going to operate a yearly festival in which most of the proceeds will go to an area charity.  Would it be best to start a not for profit corporation or a for profit corporation?  I am not real sure on how festival organizers are usually structured.  We are attempting to join the community for a common good
Can my landlord make me pay rent if he makes me leave? Can my landlord make me pay rent if he makes me leave? I signed a year lease.
Question regarding my mom accused of stealing money from her job when she didn't? My mom was accused of stealing money from her job and she didn't. There no money shorting any and the video they made her look at don't show anything.
If i submitted an invention to a company to make a prototype without a patent
Legal to have 3 different representations? i have 3 lawyers; one for social security; one for  compensation and pension; and one for combat related specialty compensation; is this legal to have 3 different representations?
Legal for detectives to question a minor in school and take a recorded statement with a parent being present? in the state of Florida is it legal for detectives to question a minor in school and take a written statement along with a recorded statement with a parent being present?
If I'm emancipated
if there is no contact of any kind in 3 years can a car company come after you on a repoed car? In state of MS if there is no contact of any kind in 3 years can a car company come after you on a repoed car?
Thinking about taking over an existing business? I am thinking about taking over an existing business: -will be forming a new corporation
Time an employer has to pay my last check if I have weeks notice? If I've given a weeks notice that I'm leaving employment
Can I put a gate on the road at a location which is my neighbor's property? My driveway goes across a neighbor's property and I wanted to put a gate on the road which is on their property. I have an easement for ingress and egress and utilities on the road that goes across their property.  Can I put a gate on the road at a location which is their property? It's far past their house and they won't even see the gate but they refuse to give me permission.
What's the law regarding changing your child's teacher? What's the law regarding changing your child's teacher? Having many issues w a teacher and contacted all appropriate peoples to get it done and got no where. Was told no room to change. My sister said she had same issue and principal switched the child's class the next day.
As a student I want to know if i could ask you some questions about being a lawyer? As a student I want to know if i could ask you some questions about being a lawyer?
Can a mother of a child file support on the father if both are currently residing in the same household? In the state of California can a mother of a child file a child support order on the father of a child if the two parents are currently residing in the same household?
Does legal status have any weight on child custody if they are thought to be a flight risk? does legal status have any weight on child custody if they are thought to be a flight risk?
What are the laws on how an employee should be treated in Illinois? What are the laws on how an employee should be treated in Illinois?
In which state do I file for temporary custody? My ex has custody of our 16-year old daughter and lives in AR. Custody papers were filed in AR and I had them registered in TN
Is it illegal for adult to have underage girlfriend? I am 16 (October 31
Law that protects individuals who were promoted into a manager position? Is there a labor law that protects individuals who were promoted into a manager position without a degree and now are being told the position will be taken away? My husband has held a manager position for the last 8 yrs and now is being told because he does not have a degree he will be demoted and his pay will also be affected.
cecile k's Confidential Question what is the fastest way to copyright my song?
Can I still get part of my security deposit back or not? I want to quit my apartment recently
Can a service business get out of a contract? I signed a contract for contracting work and a waiver of my three day period.  Can I still change my mind?
Will written agreement help get court order? We have no court orders yet and if dad makes a written agreement on visitation will the police officer uphold that agreement?
What can I do if the property management tells me that it's my responsibility for the water heater? I own a beauty salon and am a commercial tenant. I have had a water heater issue for years where the water heater furnace goes out and the water in my business runs cold. I have called the property management company to turn on and maintenance in the past and they have done so. I called them today and they told me they think it's my responsibility. No where in my lease does it state that it is or is not my responsibility
Do I still have to pay my rent since I paid the 1st
If you are separated and start seeing someone else
Can I sue the doctor that took my dad off his meds and resulted in death? Can I sue the doctor that took my dad off his meds and resulted in death?
Is there a statute of limitations on right to offset that the bank withdrew money from my account because of my husband's debt? A very large withdraw came out of my bank account today. Apparently from a debt that my husband (a joint user on the account) owed with the same bank from 10 years ago. Is there a statute of limitations on right to offset?
What does this verbiage mean under CA law: Order setting aside judgment of conviction dismissing the indictment and the defendent is hereby released from penalties and disablilities resulting from the judgement of conviction of this just cause?
legal rights about doctors appointments at work Can a employer tell me when I can and can't make a doctor's appointment? If they only have certain times available since my rover does not like to have to work and complains every time she has to cover for anyone?
Can I turn around and sue someone who took me to court for something that i had no control over? Can I turn around and sue someone who took me to court for something that i had no control over?
Why does my wife's attorney want me to dissolve our daughter's living trust? My wife of 39 years is divorcing me.  We have two homes.  Both are in a trust for our daughter.  The first item on my wife's attorney's agenda is to have the living trust dissolved.  And they want me to sign for this.  Why is this?
What to do if I have a pension before my 7 year marriage and now my ex wants to fight for half of it? What to do if I have a pension before my 7 year marriage and now my ex wife wants to fight for half of my pension?
Will Mississippi allow a person's wages to be garnished due to a judgment?
is there anything I can do to keep him from getting evicted? Last month my oldest son rented a condo in Keystone CO.  He paid the first months rent $1090.00 and half the deposit $445.00.  One week later we suffered a huge blow as my youngest son was killed on the 4th of July. This took huge emotional toll us it also was a blow to us monetarily.  When we returned to Colorado  after the funeral there was a notice on the Kitchen counter demanding the December rent and the rest of the deposit. Also
We are a church. Our preschool children want to sing a song for their parents that was found on Youtube and the teachers wanted the children to recite a couple of poems. Our song director says we have to pay copyright to do this. Is this true? What kind of copyright can we purchase that covers this?
If I leave my home how does that affect me if I decide to file for divorce? If I leave my home how does that affect me if I decide to file for divorce?
How does a pending residency petition affect a student/tourist visa? I am a recent international college graduate currently on an OPT (Optional Practical Training). My sibling
Concerns about starting a senior relocation business in Indiana? I am interested in starting a senior relocation business here in Indiana. What are some concerns I would need to worry about?
How to protect myself if I have an attorney who is not submitting my paperwork in a timely manner? i have an attorney who is not submitting my paperwork for my case in a timely manner. what legal action can i take to protect myself?
Possible for me to file an attachment to the response I have already filed to my unlawful detainer? I have been served an unlawful detainer and I have already filed my response. Is it possible for me to file an attachment to the response I have already filed to my unlawful detainer?
What to do if a company lied to me about how much health insurance costs? I work for a company that lied to me about how much health Insurance costs so they didn't have to deal with it This is blackmail and I'm not getting paid for the work I do.
I'm a franchisee of Cottage Inn Gourmet Pizza. I want to be independent. Can I change the name to The Cottage Inn Pizza and not be infringing on there copyrights?
How is child support calculated besides income
A company wants to charge us for 1 picture that a contractor we hired to do our website used We have no idea about anything
How can the court order him to pay child support if the father's business is under the table? My kids dad has his own business
What is the best way to get work visas for people coming over on a 2-year project that starts in 1 month?   What is the best way to get work visas for people coming over on a 2-year project that starts in 1 month?  2 people will shuttle back and forth from Norway.  2 people need to stay 2 years.
Can a bank reposes my house if it is in my wife's and my name
What can I do to get my money if my boss doesn't have it for our commission? I worked doing taxes where I was to receive 3% commission on each return. Now our boss the owner says he doesn't have our money. The tax company is Liberty Tax company. I need  to know what I can do to get my money?
Grounds for a Common Law marriage? I was wondering if a marriage is legal
If I get a speeding ticket in the state of WA
What can I do to get the child support that I've been missing? My dad is on SSI and disability and he hasn't paid child support in years because he has been out of a job. What can I do to get the child support that I've been missing?
What is a quiet title to property? Exactly what is a quiet title (to property)?
How can my friend leave her home and not have abandonment and used it for settling a divorce later?  How can my friend leave her home and not have abandonment and used it for settling a divorce later? Her husband is threatening her and I am afraid he will hurt her.
What to expect during court date for shoplifting? If arrested for shoplifting
Is there a law that exists that limits congressional power of passing a law as an already enumerated law? Is there a law that exists that limits congressional power of passing a law on the same subject as an already enumerated law?  With regards to tax penalties enumerate in 31CFR section 10 and then re-enumerated in IRC 6694 (with higher penalties to the tax preparer in the IRC)
If I'm late paying rent can the manager keep me from leaving? If I'm late paying rent can the manager keep me from leaving?
Can an employer enforce a non-compete agreement against an employee if this employer has declared bankruptcy and laid off all employees? Can an employer enforce a non-compete agreement against an employee if this employer has declared bankruptcy and laid off all employees?
How can I move my wife and my daughter who are American citizens back to the UK permanently? Hello
Will a judge make my friend pay me back if we didn't have a written agreement? Hello
Question regarding a startup registered in Singapore? We are a startup registered in Singapore
How do I legalize an agreed custody arrangements for a child and drop op? I have an OP case against my son's father that expires Sept. 2012. We have recently come to agreement on custody arrangements. How do I make these arrangements legal
Can Advance Check Cashing still take me to court after 6 years on a bad check? I have been contacted about a bad check written 6 years ago to Advance Check Cashing. They have legal firm in DC that says they will take it to court if I don't pay them.  They say I owe $847 on a $475 check. If I pay them $275 tomorrow they say they will accept that.  Can they still take me to court on this after 6 years? I have only been contacted by phone
Can I use quotations in my book without obtaining written permission from the original author or the authors' estate? None
My ex is letting me take my 3 girls out of state but I don't want him to try to say I took them without him knowing. What should I do? My ex is letting me take my 3 girls out of state but I don't want him to try to say I took them without him knowing. What should I do?
Does filing bankruptcy stop a garnishment? Does filing bankruptcy stop a garnishment?
Will my 22-year-old family member attending college on a school visa apply for residency here? With the new immigration law  will my 22 years old family member attending college on a school visa apply for residency here in the US?
I fell in the laundry room of my building and injured my ankle and knee about 9 weeks ago. I have had to go to the doctor's every Friday since then
How to protect company's 'secret processes' without patent? My company will have business processes I want to protect. I don't believe they are patentable (and am not in a position financially to patent them anyway). Besides having employees agree not to reveal these processes to others in their emplyment agreement
What are my rights as a residential parent with the father's income double mine? My daughter is now living with her father more than with me. It is 19 days at her dads
Unlawful withholding of my tax info if my old job as a contract equity trader hasn't delivered my K-1? My old job as a contract equity (stock) trader hasn't delivered my K-1 for tax season 2011. Is this unlawful withholding of my tax information? I know I'm entitled to some credit with these documents as well.
If you rent a bedroom from an individual's home without any lease
Can I call police if coworker bullies me? Can I call police if coworker bullies me?
Do I have any right of privacy when tourists come and take pictures of me? I'm a classic Jew living in Brooklyn NY
How do you prove motive to fabricate? How do you prove motive to fabricate?
Since there is no Common Law
What can I do if my work company is being taken over & I have to relocate to another store because my mother is a manager? The company I work for is being taken over. I have to relocate to another store because my mother is a manager.I'm going to be jobless what can I do?
 How do I start the process to get joint custody of my son?
Understanding where my mother and myself stand on matters of my father My father is in jail and my mother just got out.  My aunt has his truck at her house. I have the original tittle
Can my boss fire me if I got a suspension for being absent when I had a doctor's note? Can my boss legally fire me if I was supposed to get ( and never received) a suspension for being absent ( with a drs note) and a few tardier?
What is the maximum amount that is allowed for the late fee? I have tenants that continue to pay their late rent
If I gave up my parental rights 6 years ago
Do I still need to get a divorce if I never turned in the paper work? I want a divorce. I was married on 9/11/92 and I never turned in the paper work. Do I still need to get a divorce?
How do I respond to a Motion for Mediation in Florida?  How do I respond to a Motion for Mediation in Florida? Can I file a Response to the Motion and state why I do not agree with the request in the motion? Thanks.
How can I get squatters out of my property? How can I get squatters out of my property?
What taxes should we file and pay if we are incorporated in NY and we do not do any business there? We did not have any income in NY since 2004 and we mistakenly did not file NY any taxes since 2004 as well. What is the best way to bring our taxes up to date and what taxes should we pay considering that we do not operate any business in NY.All of our business and our primary location in in CA now.
Is a verbal contract binding with witnesses in Illinois? Is a verbal contract binding with witnesses in Illinois?
Am I responsible for the costs of my month-to-month tenants' bill of room installation? I am a landlord in Upstate NY and now selling the property. My month-to-month tenants installed a room in the basement of the house and are now billing me for $1600 for the room installation. Am I responsible for these costs? If they did not get a permit am I responsible for any fines?
Question regarding someone I know stole my social security card and birth certificate from my home? Someone I know stole my social security card and birth certificate from my home. They were both in an envelope together. Once I noticed they were missing I told this person to return my things or I was pressing charges. He swore up and down he didn't have either item. Then he text me and apologized saying he had my information. He sent it to me in the mail and it was only my social security card. I know for a fact this person does identity theft. What can I do?
If my divorce papers are torn in half
How to protect myself from lawsuits and medical bills if someone is adding my name on everything he owns? A  friend is putting my name on everything he owns so that I will inherit them.  How do I protect myself from lawsuits
How do I get my ex-wife to refinance her house to get my name off the loan? How do I get my ex-wife to refinance her house to get my name off the loan?
What is the return policy in NY for a couch? What is the return policy
Am I still able to receive my money if the defendant filed for bankruptcy? I won a small claims judgement. I filed paperwork with the court and the defendant's place of employment for garnishment of his wages. Right afterwards
Can I apply for a green card if my husband which was an American citizen died before I could file for the immigration? Can I apply for a green card if my husband which was an American citizen died before I could file for the immigration?
Legal for a public school to charge the community to park in their lot to attend a game to raise money? Is it legal for a public school
Does trademark protection for a design mark extend to similar names? How broad is trademark protection for design marks?  I have a new company that makes mobile educational games that teach kids to read.   I am considering naming it Readerbot or Readerbot Labs (not the real name
Is it legal for an employer to take your personal computer and copy your hard drive? Is it legal for an employer to take your personal computer and copy your hard drive?
When I pass away and my beneficiary receives the pay out can any of my creditors claim any of those funds? When I pass away and my beneficiary receives the pay out can any of my creditors claim any of those funds?
What can I do to make sure my son gets his breaks at work? My son has been working at a Hotel/Resort for a few months.  He averages 7 hrs per shift.  He is being denied a lunch or even a break.  What can we do to make sure he gets a break?
If you spent less than $100 on someone's credit card is that fraud? If you spent less than 100 dollars on someone's credit card is that fraud?
Would I be able to collect unemployment if my husband got a job another state?  If I have to leave my job because my husband got a job in another state would I be able to collect unemployment?
Can a repair technician be alone in someone's home making repairs? Can a repair technician be alone in someone's home making repairs?
Can I collect because of working only one day? The retail store I work at is only letting me work one day. I also get social security and a pension but because of economy I'm having a hard time. Can I collect because of working only one day?
 Define meaning of legal sole custody?
How to terminate CEO and employee for having sexual relationship? I manage a church owned daycare center and we recently found out that the CEO of the center is having a sexual relationship with a teacher at the center. How do we handle terminating them? This is a touchy subject and right now the CEO has been put on leave but she is still at the center.
Can any legal action be pursued against my Mother should the banks foreclose? My Father died two weeks ago.  Both of my parents' names are on a deed to the house that he lived in (in the state of Florida).  However
How can the homeowners make the HOA and/or builder repair the gate in a timely manner?  I live in a gated community in Indio
How do I get property back that I let someone borrow? How do I get property back that I let someone borrow?
Can you still get papers while incarcerated for deportation?  My boyfriend was deported before and re-entered the U.S. illegally. He now is incarcerated
Can another business keep me from conducting business at the same location? Can another business keep me from conducting business at the same location?
Do I have any rights if I stopped paying the mortgage of a house that the owner put in foreclosure? I rented a home that was in foreclosure when I found out the owner stopped paying the mortgage. I stopped paying the owner and now he is suing me. Do I have any rights?
Is restaurant liable for lost wages and mileage if I am injured there? I went to a local restaurant and upon being escorted to our table
Can a home owners association put a lien on your house if you refuse to pay for an upgrade to a drainage system for the subdivision? Can a home owners association put a lien on your house if you refuse to pay for an upgrade to a drainage system for the subdivision?
What form do I have to fill a request brother to brother? What form do I have to fill a request brother to brother?
If I sue a company in small claims court can I sue for the court cost? If I sue a company in small claims court can I sue for the court cost?
Is there anything out there that I can apply to where I can have a work visa for now? I am 27 year old immigrant from Mexico. I was brought to this country when I was 9 years old. I finished my education up to two years of college. My grandfather became a legal citizen and in 1998 he petitioned for my mother as a married daughter and our paperwork has been in waiting since then. Because of  what happened in 911 our status kinda stopped they told us we still had to wait another 6 years. I was wondering if there is anything out there that i can apply to where I can have a work visa for now? At 17 I was diagnosed with lupus and I had medical but since I am now over the age of 21 I am  unable to receive it anymore and because I do not have a social security I cant apply for any other assistance which is extremely hard. Please help?
What is the statute of limitations on CC debit in Georgia? What is the statute of limitations on CC debit in Georgia?
Is there such a thing as a LEGAL separation? My daughter is in the process of filling out a Federal application for student aid (FAFSA). There is a section on the application that asks if your parents are separated or divorced. She answered yes because my husband (her father) and I are separated
Where to find free PA room rental documentation and landlord legal advice? I'm going to become a landlord/roommate with rooms I'm renting for the first time. I live in PA & would like to know where I can find free PA Room Rental documentation for renters in my home
Will I be able to sue the dog and its owner next door when the damages came to $4000? My dog was attacked by a dog next door. The damages came to almost $4
What to do if I can't renew license in CA because of something from NC? I can't renew license in CA because of something from NC?
Is it against the law for a roommate to sign a lease on an apartment and then leave without paying? Is it against the law for a roommate to sign a lease on an apartment and then leave without paying?
Legal for a new company to tell a worker they're terminated immediately without any notice? Is it legal for a new management company to tell a worker they're terminated immediately.without any notice or anything?
Can spouse's property be seized for back child support? I married someone who was married to another woman and had a child with her and he got a letter the other day about if he had a certain amount in property that they would seize it because of his back child support. Can child support seize your spouse's property?
Are we legally responsible to the private party the money back or is the vehicle his? I have a cashiers check from a private party to purchase a vehicle. We've paid off the loan with the cashiers check and are waiting for the title. The private party now wants his money back since it's taking more than a couple of days to get the title. Are we legally responsible to give him the money back or is the vehicle his?
If I marry a person that has a large amount of debt
Ok for my employer demanding my phone contact list after quitting? I recently quit my job and my employer is demanding my phone contact list. Many are my personal contacts I had before getting hired. He is sending threatening text messages to get them. What are my rights? We have no contract stating the company owns my contacts
What document do I need to have in place to leave my home to my church? After my death
How can we avoid a dirty pool if the landlord doesn't pay for the services? My lease states that pool service is provided by landlord. He regularly doesn't pay the pool service and we end up with a green pool
What if I got an equity loan from one bank and change it to another
Contractor have right to deny removal of equipment at their facility when materials are own by the customer? Does a contractor have the right to deny removal of equipment and materials at their facility when the equipment and materials are own by the customer?PS there is no contract in place.
 Is jail time mandatory for a felony 3?
Can I go down to my local courthouse to get the paperwork to petition for sole custody? My 1-year-old child's father have broken up so now I would like to petition for sole custody. Can I just go down to my local courthouse to get the paperwork?
MH/MR residential community home funding? Will the state of Pennsylvania allow me to set up a MH/MR residential community home that is funded by  the federal government
What to do if my friend is being evicted by the condo association with regards to occupancy? My friend is being evicted by the condo association based on a rule that states: Units may be occupied by no more than three persons. He lives with his wife and their two boys who are 7 and 5. We had heard that Florida rule states no more than 2 per bedroom and that this 3 person rule is a common occurrence
Can I be told to leave or my senior mother will be evicted? Can I be told to leave or my senior mother will be evicted?
Can we legally sue Target for the incident? A week ago
Can they kick me out if we are going through money problems and I can not paid the rent this month? We are going through money problems and I can not paid the rent this month. Can they kick me out?
took my dog to a vet who refused to treat him w/o out money up front. What do I do if billed for services not asked for and not received?
Would it be considered unconstitutional to have a diffrent set of laws for immigrants such as lower minimum wage?
Do receipts for deductions from deposit have to be given to tenants? Are receipts required to be provided to tenant for repairs and cleaning when moving out if deducted from deposit?
Is contract of support broken if ex-wife quits job? My ex-wife and myself have a contract of support. It states an agreed upon amount to be paid until adequate income is reached. I was told by my ex-wife that she had a job after finding out she found a job. She quit shortly after the discovery. Has the contract been broken?
What has to be done to transfer power of attorney from one family member to another? My mother is moving in with me from WV to Florida and my cousin has power of attorney now.
What to do if I worked and was treated badly when asking why I didn't get paid? I worked for a real estate company cleaning houses. They gave me a 5 bd 6bth 2 kitchens 2 living room house. They did not give me a time to be done. Well about 6 hours later
Can a company take out insurance from your check when there is three pay periods in one month? Can the company you work for take out insurance  from your check when there is three pay periods in one month?
Should I have a lawyer or would it be possible to settle out of court if I'm seeking a divorce? I'm seeking advice regarding divorce. Should I have a lawyer or would it be possible to settle out of court? There is a child involved and a home. What should I do?
How much jail time can I serve for three misdemeanor two's? How much jail time can I serve for three misdemeanor two's?
What are the repercussions of going back to an S-Corp from a C-Corp? I want to take institutional money at some point but also can use the deduction in 2011.
Legally are the landlords allowed to charge me more than the security deposit that I originally payed them?? I rented an apartment for 2 years and 8 months and payed a security deposit of $1000. The apartment was in good condition when I moved out in the beginning of this month with all appliances working well. However I had a cat that ruined the carpet and blinds and expected to loose that money as well as repainting fees. However
If my job fires me for a slip in the restroom
If I sold my truck to my brother and he's always late with the payments
Who gets children if something happens to father with full custody? My husband is trying to get full custody of his children. If he gets full custody and than something happens to him who would the children go to?
How should I start fixing her papers if I've had my husband's daughter since she was a baby? my husband's daughter has been with me since she was a baby. How should I start fixing her papers?
Is my mother's will
Can I cash a check or will cashing it hurt my case against my employer? I filed a race discrimination claim against my employer.  I recently received a bonus check for good performance.  Can I cash this check or will cashing it hurt my case?
If my name is slandered after I have been fired
If I propose something to a lawyer that might be unethical/illegal
Can co-borrower keep primary mortgage borrower out of house? I am the primary borrower on a house mortgage
Do I get a right to report someone who threatened me over the phone? Do I get a right to report someone who threatened me over the phone?
Can your manager disclose your medical history with other employees? Can your manager disclose your medical history with other employees?
Can old prescription dismiss current illegal possession charge? Will an old prescription for xanax from 2007 suffice for dismissal from a  charge for possession of illegal xanax now?  I am pretty sure they are from my old prescription.  I carry them in case of an anxiety attack!  3 1/2   2 mg pills were confiscated.
If working more then 7 days as an at will employee
What should I do if my fiance had an oral contract of marriage bur married someone else? Jack and I have an oral contract of marriage
Could my daughter be charged with child abandonment if she moves into the apartment without a signed agreement between the two? My daughter is going to get a divorce
Can you give information about the divorce process? Can you give information about the divorce process?
Is it a mutual property if I use the money before marriage to buy a house after marriage? Is it a mutual property if I use the money before marriage to buy a house after marriage?
Can a presumed father court order a paternity test if the mother is not asking for child support? In the state of Florida
Accidental pet death from seizure while being groomed. I own a grooming shop and right before christmas a cat I was shaving had a seizure and passed away.  We immediately informed the owner of the cats passing.  The cat was a year old.  The owner at first wanted me to groom his other two dogs until the price of the cat was paid off.  When I brought to his attention the irony of this he decided that he wanted the replacement cost of the cat which was initially over 1 K. We have been communicating back and forth through letters as I want to keep  everything on paper.  They did not retrieve the cats body till the following day.  In subsequent letters the price of the cat has dropped although he is asking for additional things like declawing
How to terminate business acquisition agreement when threatened with anticipatory breach suit? I want to terminate a Business Acquisition Agreement. I fired the person for stealing and riding the clock
If I have a will from my late father from before he was married is it valid? My father passed away in Utah 10 months ago. My step-mom passed away 2 months away. I have a will from father from before he was married. Is it valid?
If I decide to move out before the lease ends
Can I cash the check even if I'm suing the tenant for the remaining amount? I disagree with the amount of my tenant deposit being with-held for damages I did not cause. He returned partial amount of deposit. Can I cash the check even if I'm suing him for the remaining amount?
Question about car title in his name and removal his wife's? So a man has been waiting for a new title to be sent to him for his car because he took his wife's name off. She has the old title with both names on it. The man was arrested and has not yet received the new title. His wife came down with the old title and took his car from the impound. She had a title but it was an invalid title because he is waiting for the new title to be mailed. He has already talked to the title lean holders and his wife's name was taken off the title. They are going through a divorce.
Legal to record a conversation & use that information in court if the party you are recording does not know? I wanted to know if it is legal to record a conversation and use that information in court if the party you are recording does not know?
What can I do if I had to close shop due to fumes because of a beauty parlor next door? I rent a small commercial space in an old building.  SInce a beauty parlor moved in next door
As a tenant do we have the right to know if the landlord is paying his or her mortgage? As a tenant do we have the right to know if the landlord is paying his or her mortgage?
How long do you have to file a will with the registrar if no one is contesting? How long do you have to file a will with the registrar if no one is contesting?
Is a person entitled to money after one dies in the relationship if they never were married? Is a person entitled to money after one dies in the relationship if they never were married?
Legal for a 21-year-old to date a 16-year-old? Is it legal for a 21-year-old to date a 16-year-old?
 is it okay to record a conversation with your manager and use it against him in court?
Is placing advertisement flyers for a church at a residence considered solicitation? Is placing advertisement flyers for a church at a residence considered solicitation in Florida Law?
How do I make sure If I travel from WI to AK to see my daughter that I will be able to see her when I get there? I do have a visitation order but it is left up to her mother? My ex girlfriend moved from Wisconsin to Alaska with my 5 month old daughter before paternity was established. When I went to court for my rights I asked if the mother could be resposible to bring my daughter to see me in Wisconsin 1 time a year they said that was not feasible. And then they left all visitation up to the discretion of her mother. How do I get this changed and I am trying to plan a trip to Alaska but I am worried that if I go
Is it illegal for my ex-wife to collect child support for my daughter that doesn't live with her anymore? Is it illegal for my ex-wife to collect child support for my daughter that doesn't live with her anymore?
If my house is not in my name
Do I need permission to quote (extensively) from a book that has no ISBN number and no copyright notice within it anywhere? None
Can the sellers be held liable for storage fees and other costs? Signed a contract to purchase a house in Pennsylvania.  The sellers disclosure stated central air had been installed this year.  Come to find out it is not.  Sellers agent claimed several times it was being done.  That was over 3 weeks ago.  Our agent has attempted to contact sellers agent to get status update and agent has not returned calls.  We are relocating from another state and have movers coming but now I don't have a house for them to deliver our things to.  Can the sellers be held liable for storage fees and other costs?
What rights do I have if I live with my boyfriend and will call the cops if my daughter's fiance comes near? I live with my boyfriend in his house and he told me that a certain person is no longer aloud on the property and said if the person does he will call the police. Now this person is my daughter's fiance and has done nothing wrong and I was wondering what rights I have in this situation and can he actually do this and what will happen if he does call the police?
Can I be forced to work at another facility cause the other manager stepped down?  Can I be forced to work at another facility and assume a manager role in that facility because the other manager stepped down? Can I be forced to travel to that facility that I was not hired for? As a salary employee-  am I required to complete duties outside of my job description?As a salary employee- am I forced to take call 24/7 when there is a director in place over both facilities?
Isn't it breaking the contract they signed with me if they can't find my GED and plan to let me go? I signed a contract with the company that hired me stating i can start working on a specific date pending completion of a background check
Do I have a case if my landlord refuses to return the deposit claiming she was using it for unpaid rent? I lived in a house for 4 1/2 years. At the 3 year mark my landlord said he was filing bankruptcy and wouldn't be making his mortgage payment. In turn he asked me to stop paying rent. I lived in the house
If a buyers check (Good faith deposit) is not given to the seller or sellers agent after the acceptance of a offer (Contract to Purchase)
Am I responsible for a third parties not paying without notification? I live in Wisconsin. My daycare provider was receiving third party payments as well as a weekly co-pay from myself. In August the provider stopped receiving the third party payments and she did not inform me that the payments had stopped until mid November. She does not provide monthly invoices nor a way to check your balance. The amount of the charges minus the co-pays I had made during this time (on a weekly ACH) is in the amount of $2
My boyfriend and I are minors and we have a 4 month old that lives with me but his dad wants him two days of the week.  I am fine with that as long as I can get a legal document describing our arrangement so his mom can't say that I abandoned him.  What is the best way for me to do this without going court?
Do I file for divorce in the state we were married or the state I currently am? 16 years ago I was married in Florida. My wife and I have been living separate lives in separate states for the past 15 years as she resides in Florida and I resided in New Jersey. Until 3 years ago when I relocated to Pennsylvania. I can't afford a lawyer and I am going to have to file it myself. What is the best way to go about it
If a plaintiff is not present in court
If an individual has a copyright on a logo (which is a dog breed name) can they claim the rights to the name in advertising -- can they control who can advertise under that particular name?  If not
Can I sue the company for hiring the person who stole my identity as they obtained employment with them? I am a victim of identity thief and has recently discovered that someone has gained access to my information to obtain employment with said company. My question is can I sue the company for hiring them? I called the company to inquire about my information being used and if the person provide them identification saying that they were me and they responded that they didn't require and I.D.
Can work make you work 10 days straight and not pay overtime? Can an employer make you work 10 days straight since your last day off before you get a day off and not pay you overtime even if it became a new work week?
Can police find juvenile criminal records on a run away?  If a juvenile is a run away and leaves the state will the police be able to look up her juvenile criminal records?
How to change son's father on birth certificate? How to change sons father on birth cert?I am married and had an affair. We thought my son was my husbands baby (now separated) so he signed the birth certificate. When my son was 7 months old (last month) we did an at home dna test because my husband didn't think our son looked like him. Turns out hes not his father and the man I had an affair with is his father. I need to know how do I go about taking my husband off the birth cert? His bio father doesn't want to be on the birth cert or want anything to do with our son. I'm fine with that and don't want child support or him in our lives at all. Do I still need to have him put as the bio father on his birth cert? If so how do I go about that?
How can I get custody of my grandchildren if my daughter's rights have been taken? How can I get custody of my grandchildren if my daughter's rights have been taken and her kids are not with a blood relative?
Do I need an attorney if I want to file a counter suit if I am anticipating a lawsuit that is out of state? i am anticipating a lawsuit from a company that is out of state. I want to file a counter suit. Do I need an attorney if I am the state of Georgia?
What forms do I need to complete prior to court if I am defending my self in a theft case? What forms do I need to complete prior to court if I am defending my self in a theft case?
Can a Canadian teacher with a certificate in education and a bachelor in Math have a TN visa to the US? Can a Canadian teacher with certificate in education and a bachelor in Math have a TN visa to the US?
Is there a law on how many years a carpet needs to be replaced? In the state of California is there a law on how many years a carpet needs to be replaced? The carpet in my apartment has been there since 1970's I feel I am getting sick from it.
Evicted cause utilities are in another name other than the tenant?  Can a landlord evict because utilities are in someone else's name other than the tenant? Obviously
What are the requirements to move a citizen from Taiwan to the USA? What are the requirements to move a citizen from Taiwan to the USA?
If I don't sign for my husband to get his green card
If I try to get legal citizenship
Which class to file divorce when wife deported to home country? My wife has been deported to her country of the Dominican Republic. In which class can i file for divorce?
Is a minor of 16 allowed to date an adult of 18?  Is a minor of 16 allowed to date an adult of 18? What restrictions apply? i have searched through the statues but I'm unable to understand fully.
How do I get marriage green card while I am in the US?  How do I get marriage green card while I am in the US?
Can my husband sponsor me if he's a permanent resident? Can my husband sponsor me if he's a permanent resident?
Can person cancel contract in 30 days with no penalty? Is there a law that a person has thirty days to cancel a contract without penalty?
My friends and I are U.S. citizens and want to know if there is a list of countries we're suggested not to visit on our global trip? My friends and I are planning a global trip. We are all U.S. citizens and want to know if there is a list of countries we're suggested not to visit?
Is there a way my fiance could win against an immigration judge and file papers if he got arrested? My fiance just got arrested by ICE for coming over here illegally. He is such a respectful
What legal options do I have to get a visitor's visa for my mother-in-law who keeps getting rejected by the US consulate in India?  what legal options do I have to get a visitor's visa for my mother-in-law who keeps getting rejected by the US consulate in India? They think she will come here and stay put.
Loan company sent summons to me and daughter after I co-sign her private loan. I co-sign my daughter's student private loan. My son-in-law and I had to come to an agreement but couldn't. The loan company has sent a summons to myself & daughter. What are my options? Thank you
How long does it take for me to just bring my Costa Rican wife as a tourist and is it easy?  I got married to my wife in Costa Rica almost 1 year ago in August. I would like her to come visit me first to see if she likes it here and then I will petition her and her son. How long does it take for me to just bring her as a tourist and is it easy?
What are my options when I believe my wife fraudulently induced me to marry her for immigration purposes? I have been married for 6 years to a woman who only married me for naturalization. (I recently found out) she also has been using a least 3 or 4 differenent ss #'s and has been wiring funds from my bank accounts via the internet. We have two young children. I believe she may also be married to another without divorce in NC. NY state would not marry us in 2006 (reason undisclosed to me) She had a friend in CT that married us.  She did not show any divorce papers. I am a victim of this woman's fraud.  I have written to Social Security and Homeland Security. I am in a nightmare and so are my children. When I confronted her with the records
Can a man divorce his wife without her knowing? Can a man divorce his wife without her knowing? I mean without her approval?
Can our landlord still kick us out with the court order till the rest of the money is there? Our landlord took us to court for 2 months rent we were behind.  Of course he got the judgement. Later that night we called him told him we would have half the money the next day and the rest as soon as we could. he let us stay and accepted the money. Can he still kick us out with the court order till the rest of the money is there?
If fired from a church do they have to give you your last check that same day? If fired from a church do they have to give you your last check that same day?
If a person is filing an N-400 form and has 0% income
Is it legal to have a judgement against a tenant that still live in the apartment and not tell them? How can I get judgements off my credit report?Is it legal to have a judgement against a tenant that still live in the apartment and not tell them?
What are my options if I want to start my own business in the US when I have a H1B visa? I am currently working on an H1B visa and have an approved I-140 petition (approved in June 2012)
Is there any legal action I can take if my stepfather did not consent to life support for my mother and she is dying? My stepfather did not consent to life support for my mother in time and she is dying. Is there any legal action I can take against him?
How would I find out if I inherited anything after my grandfather passed away four years ago? How would I find out if I inherited anything after my grandfather passed away almost four years ago?
Tenant refuses to leave sold house after lease expires. My tenants lease is up and they refuse to leave. The house has been sold and they have to get out. What should we do?
Is it legal to photograph paintings without artist consent? Is it legal for someone to post pictures of an artist's paintings without the artist's consent?
What can I do if I want my husband to leave the house but I want him to stay with the house? I have been married for 23 years and have paid for my house since we purchased it. He has only helped me for about 4 to 5 years. I want him to leave the house and I want to stay with the house. What can I do?
Can a father relinquish his parental rights to the birth mother as long as there is no dispute from the mother? Can a father relinquish his parental rights to the birth mother as long as there is no dispute from the mother?
Can we petition for custody in NJ or does it have to be in PA where the original case was held? My husband's ex-wife & children live in PA.
Is it legal for my landlord to go to my employer and tell him I owe him money for back rent and then have my employer threaten me with losing my job? Is it legal for my landlord to go to my employer and tell him I owe him money for back rent and then have my employer threaten me with losing my job?
Possible to pay child support directly to my son? In the state of mass is it possible to pay child support directly to my 19 year son? He is resides in his dorm in college.
If my employer offers only one person benefits and not others
May I sue my roommate if she refuses to pay rent? My roommate decides to move out after she signed a one year lease. We made a verbal agreement that we will pay our rent equally. I'm scared she is not going to pay monthly rent now. She signed a year lease however and if she moves out
If I get fired do I have to sign the termination papers? If I get fired do I have to sign the termination papers?
Can the mother change school district without father's permission and both have 50 custody? Can the mother change school district without father's permission and both have 50 custody?
Can I take off someone I put on deed? If I put someone on the deed
Grantor conveying property owning surface and minerals. In the state of Illinois
How to legally correct POA's information on son's divorce papers? My son is incarcerated in Pendleton
Can I live with my boyfriend now that I have been separated for a month? In the state of PA
Would implied warrant of merchantability cover pre-owned vehicle that breaks down? I purchased a pre-owned vehicle from a reputable dealership 7 months and 10 days ago. This Wednesday
What can I do if Department of social services was called already several times? Department of social services was called already less than 6 months ago. They closed it out. Now they just showed up again with the police. This is the 3rd time out in less than 7 months. What can I do?
publish the DVD?
What does it mean in copyright law by reproduce? What constitutes as a reproduction of a work? For instance
What is the manner of course I should take if I want to copy an original magazine cover (painting) and sell it to the public?   I am not claiming to be the artist. The dates are 1926 to 1931
What are the laws of eviction of Georgia? What are the laws of eviction of Georgia?
What are the legal rights of consumers vs. rightsholders concerning MP3 mix tapes (i.e. a single MP3 file containing several songs transitioning one into the next).  How does this compare with old school mix tapes on cassette that everyone created and shared in the 80s?
Can heir sell vehicle before properly probated? Can an automobile be sold by the heir before  it has been properly probated?
Can you be pulled over for not wearing a seat belt or is this considered a secondary violation? In PA
Can someone claim and take vehicle registered in my name? If a vehicle is registered in my name (registration
How do you know if common law married? How do you know if you are common law married?
Can I use parents' address on N-400 application? I am a medical student living with my parents in Ohio since 2003. I started clinical clerkship at hospitals in NY/NJ. Rotation will continue for a year. Current addresses are temporary. My Drivers license & bank  have my address in Ohio. CAN I use the Ohio address on my N-400 application ?
Can copyrighted work be trademarked without holder consent? Can someone trademark a copyrighted work of art if they do do hold the copyright and without permission from the copyright holder?
Can a signed contract be reconsidered due to language issues?  I'm helping a friend who doesn't speak English. She recently went to a boutique in Illinois. They spoke to her in Spanish and her contract was in both languages English and Spanish. One of the workers
Do I need a notary from a lawyer if I am separating from my husband to move to Canada? Hi. I'm separating from husband and planning to move back to Canada with my 2 girls. At this moment we are in the US with L1 L2 till 2014. My husband agreed with my decision. Do I need a legal paper from a lawyer or a notary agreement between us is enough? Thank you
is it legal to give my roommate a notice to vacate if she's on the year lease? Is it legal to give my roommate a notice to vacate if she's on the year lease?
can I fight the judgement in CA on grounds other then jurisdiction if it's domesticated in FL? Once a foreign (default) judgement from California is domesticated in Hillsborough county FL
Can I get fired for taking time off because I have a sick child? Can I get fired for taking time off because I have a sick child?
Can your employer suspend you without a written document? Can your employer suspend you without a written document?
Can an employer terminate you without warning
Can immigration change my age if I prove to them that the year on my birth certificate was wrong? Can immigration change my age if I prove to them that the year on my birth certificate was wrong?
My question is regarding an infraction ticket? My question is regarding an infraction ticket. I went to court they said they couldn't find my ticket in the filing system. They handed me a paper saying I has shown up to court and told me to call from time to time to see if they had found my case. I did so and they continue to tell me they still hadn't found my case. A week went by and I received a letter in the mail saying I was being charged with failure to appear to court. They are fining me too. I have prove that I went to court that day but I just want to know if I can be charged with this new fine or if when I show the judge the paper the court gave to me will that fine be dropped.
Is there a swimsuit law for water parks in Massachusetts? Is there a swimsuit law for water parks in Massachusetts? Specifically stating that females must wear lined swimsuits?
Is there a statue of limitations on owing back sewage charges when I never got their notice? I recently received a bill from my local tax office saying that I owe back sewage charges from 2005
Do we need to create a business structure like an LLC for a property rental business?  My husband and I are purchasing properties to rent out.  Do we need to create a business structure such as an LLC for a property rental business?  What are our options?
What can I do to remove someone from my house? What can I do to remove someone from my house?
Who pays for getting water leak fixed: owner or renter? Who pays for getting water leak fixed: owner or renter?
Is it legal for a landlord to charge for water bill to tenants when the bill is in landlords name? Is it legal for a landlord in California to charge for water bill to tenants when the bill is in landlords name?
Do I have to allow my landlord in to inspect the apartment annually? Do I have to allow my landlord in to inspect the apartment annually?
How do I go about making sure my new wife will inherit my entire estate in the case of my death?  How do I go about making sure my new wife will inherit my entire estate in the case of my death?  I have 2 grown children from a previous marriage.  Their mother is deceased.  I want my new wife to inherit 100% with my children inheriting our estate once we are both deceased.  What steps do I need to take to ensure that my wife will not have a battle on her hands? We live in CT
How much is a mutual divorce in FL? How much is a mutual divorce here in Naples
How does child support work when filing 1099? Hi
Am I legally responsible for any of my father's debts if he has given me power of attorney? My 91-year-old dad has given me power of attorney. Am I legally responsible for any of his debts
How can I change my daughter's last name if her father is absent? My daughter is 7 weeks old and was born in Dallas
Question regarding an Apartment Lease Contract? The actual Apartment Lease Contract states Rent and Charges: Unless modified by addenda
How do I evict my brother and his family out of my home? I let my brother and his family move in in July 2011. I asked him to only pay half of the elect  and he had his dish network transferred to my home. He has paid half the elect each month. I have asked him to move out. How do i make him move? I went to my clerk of courts and they said if he did not pay rent I could not evict him. What do I do? I am under a lot of stress. I need them out.
If someone passed a Field Alcohol Breath Test
Can I void a lease agreement for equipment because of a lack of consideration? I had an equipment lease that was determined later to be a Secured Loan with a usurious interest rate (15% in CA). The Equipment Financing company came under new management and they realized the error. They informed me that I would gain a substantial tax advantage if I signed a new Equipment Lease and Novation Agreement. Later it was also determined that they actually installed different (telephone) equipment than was detailed in either Agreement. I've got them pegged to rights on the equipment but want to also try to Void the new lease and Novation Agreement based on the lack of consideration. Is this possible?
Can the police search you and take your car keys and search your car? Can the police search you and take your car keys and search your car?
Can I sue him in small claims if the sewer company cannot refund the money without both of our consent? I live on the bottom floor of a duplex.  I had a toilet leak last year.  I paid the entire sewer bill. The bill is in my neighbors name and i paid him directly.  I received a one time leak adjustment which brought the total down to $800.  The sewer company cannot refund the money without both of our consent. Of course he refused and therefore the money is being put to this years bill.  Can i sue him in small claims?  I have the checks i paid directly to him.Thanks John
Can you change from leasing to buying an auto within a given number of days? Regarding an auto purchase. In Florida do you have a number of days that you can change your mind about a car purchase? Also
 If I have joint custody and want to get sole custody how can I do that my son father is unfit?
I am from MD.  I was named as 1 of 2 people in a defamation suit.  The other person admits to writing defaming comments on a web site about my brother
What to do if I had received a divorce
Do I need to include any disclaimers in my advertising that say something contrary to how the product's use? I am in the process of making an accessory for an existing product.  The existing product states specifically how to use it
If I broke off my engagement
What to do if my landlord is a jerk? What to do if my landlord is a jerk?
If/when I get laid off can I still collect unemployment even if I have a part time job as a waitress or bartender? I currently have a job fixing airplanes that brings home $1520 every two weeks
Am I entitled to the bonus if I no longer work with them but still have a signed contract? I was given a contract to work for an employer part time with an hourly wage and a commission on how my students completed our after school tutoring program. I recruited students until the program started and when the program started the employer appeared as if they did not want me working there anymore since they now had the students. It appears the bonus goals have been met but I no longer work with them but still have a signed contract from them through next and I reached my goals to get the bonus. Am I still entitled to the bonus?
Question regarding a residential insurance personal injury liability situation? I have a residential insurance personal injury liability situation.  If the injury occurred on a relatives property
Can a person work a job after a car accident happens a year ago while they wait for the lawsuit money? Can a person work or find a job after a car accident happens a year ago while they wait for the lawsuit money?
What to do if my employer refuses to pay me for waitress training? My employer refuses to pay me for waitress training. She said that she doesn't pay for training.
Can a deceased man's mother claim the balance of his checking/savings account?  A man dies from natural causes. He has no will
Can I sue this business for piercing both my daughters' tongues (ages 14 &13) without my consent? Can I sue this business for piercing both my daughters' tongues (ages 14 & 13) without my consent?
How to apply for a relative such as an uncle? How to apply for a relative such as an uncle?
Do I have a case? I have not received my refund. I had a bad experience at a Beaches resort in Jamaica. I transferred to another hotel while I was down there and I booked through Delta vacations. Beaches refunded the hotel back to Delta to pay for the new hotel. When I came back from vacation I submitted a complaint to Beaches. They provided me with a confirmation that I would be refunded a 6 night land portion only in ADDITION to them refunding the money back to Delta. This was in April 2011. I am still fighting. If I have a confirmation stating that I am entitled to my refund and haven't gotten it thus far because they are refusing. Do I have a case? As far as I'm concerned they sent me a contract stating my refund
Can the landlord sue me if I left on the 4th and there was no legal contract?  I was Renting a room in a house for $750 within no signed lease/contract. She recently raised the rent mid-week to $900. I said ok to have no problems. She was not home the 1st of the month to hand her the check. So she came back on the 3rd and harassed me. I took my stuff out on the 4th. And she still wants me to pay her the 900. Or else she will sue. Can she sue me if I left on the 4th. And there was no legal contract?
Is my husband entitled to half my earnings and property if we get a divorce? Is my husband entitled to half my earnings and property if we get a divorce?
Is it too late to file probate? My father passed away in May
Are there any legal issues with issuing loans to startup founders that currently only have equity? -Seed-funded start-up with no employees; only founders that have an equity stake-Founders are looking to take a small amount money from the company for personal use -Accountants have advised us to avoid dealing with employees for as long as possible
Help in writing a letter if my daughter is charged with online impersonation & has to apologize to the victims? My daughter is charged with online impersonation and she has to write a letter apologizing to the victims.  Can you please give us some advice on how to write this letter? Thank you
Our renter has been evicted. Judgement has been made in our favor. Renter left household items in the house. What can we do with this items? I consider them worth more than just trash.
If an accident happens to me
Is it legal for employees to gamble during their lunch hour? Is it legal for employees to gamble (play cards
Take the car company to small claims for not adhering to agreement? I have a question about an agreement with contract that I had made with a company to take over car payments. They didn't keep to agreement and I am paying $3200.00. Should I take them to small claims?
Does company have to post new positions? When a job opening becomes available does the company have to post it in order to give everyone a chance to apply for the position?
Is it better to be late to court date or talk to judge after court over? I had a court date today at 9 am for a failure to appear on a shoplifting charge in Henry County
If I was prescribed the wrong medication by a pharmacy should I be compensated? If I was prescribed the wrong medication by a pharmacy should I be compensated?
Not agreed the no fault marriage
if a father doesn't sign paternity papers at hospital does he still have the right to visit his daughter? So I was wondering if a father doesn't sign paternity papers at hospital does he still have the right to visit his daughter or even to try to take her away from mother?
Up to how long after an accident can you sue? Up to how long after an accident can you sue?
Is it law to require renter's insurance? I just moved in into a new place to rent and they are requiring renter's insurance. Is this a law in Massachusetts?
Legal if they sold the building now and the new landlord give me a 2 weeks notice to move out? I been a resident manager for 10 years.They sold the building now and the new landlord give me a 2 weeks notice to move out.is this legal?
Do I get my parents' house because I lived there and they recently passed away? If I live in my parents' house to take care of them for the last 3 years & they die
How to get misdemeanor traffic arrest expunged and sealed? I was arrested for Misdemeanor Traffic Violation in January 2008 in Barstow
Startup pay in equity? I'm trying to get freelancers for my startup but I don't have any money to pay them. So I was planning on giving them sweat equity from the company as pay. Is that a good idea? How much will it cost to do the paperwork involved?
Rights to unemployment if offered a position with less hours and with no benefits? What are your rights to unemployment if your employer has offered you another position with less hours and with no benefits when I have benefits now?  They are saying that it is a new position.  I have 15 years of working there.
Do I have to record it at the clerk of court if my separated husband signed a promissory note? My separated husband of 7 years signed a promissory note  and notarized to pay X amount of money for my support each month. sometimes he pays sometimes he does not and i can not survive. is this a LEGAL form in Florida or do i also have to record it at the clerk of court?
If my daughter is studying abroad for 6 months
Are CA home sellers required to disclose the near proximity of a nuclear power plant? Are California home sellers required to disclose the near proximity of a nuclear power plant?
If someone owes me money and their account is frozen
How to find out if Minor in Possession case is filed? How do you know if an officer filed my MIP (Minor in Possession) case in California? He was a unversity police officer.
Can I sue if my house was broken into and my alarm system failed? My house was broken into and my alarm system failed. Can I sue?
Do I deserve a paid vacation after 9 years without a union? Do I deserve a paid vacation after 9 years without a union?
How do I get my daughter a Social Security number so that I can enroll her in school if she was born in Canada? My daughter was born in Canada.  I am a US citizen and her father is A Canadian citizen.  My daughter and I live in United States
What is my penalty or sentencing for suspended license?  I was ticketed for driving on a suspended license.  My license was suspended due to a second DUI and has been suspended for over 5 years.  I haven't been in any other kind of trouble.  What kind of penalty or sentencing can I expect?
Advice on how to go about getting partial custody or visitation rights with my children?  I need advice on how to go about getting partial custody or visitation rights with my children? She has also petitioned the court to move my children out of state. I received papers to decline the move but I would be all for the move under certain conditions were we could work out visits or something. She has had papers wrote up with the Atty that I used for my custody hearing
Can I be released from a home rental agreement because of a family emergency?  Can I be released from a home rental agreement because of a family emergency?  I gave them a check yesterday
If I have sole custody of my children
Employer have to pay meal allowances if they provide lodging with a place to prepare meals? Does an employer have to pay meal allowances if they are providing lodging with a place to prepare meals?
What happens to money in a trust if the project is not started? What happens to money in a trust if the project is not started?
Is there Liability if you have an easement on your property? Is there Liability if you have an easement on your property?
Can we ride four-wheelers on my property when my girlfriend's ex says we can't? I am dating a mother of an 8 and 10 year old. We would like to ride four-wheelers on my property. Her ex-husband says they legally can't. I want to know if they can
What can I do with a sister-in-law won't cooperate with handing over the vehicle when I paid for it? I purchased a vehicle from my sister in law & I paid for it in cash
How to get out of my lease if I'm having issues with my roommate who is bullying me? I am having issues with my roommate harassing me and bullying me. I am trying to get out of my lease. I need help.
In the state of Illinois if I stop paying my mortgage and leave my house can my Mortgage holder garnish my pension? In the state of Illinois if I stop paying my mortgage and leave my house can my Mortgage holder garnish my pension?
How to I file a suit against my neighbor for damages when he beat me up? I got beat up by a neighbor. How to I file a suit against him for damages?
What can I do about a Discriminating Mobile Home Park Manager? What can I do about a Discriminating Mobile Home Park Manager?
Do I have a good chance of winning in small claims court against my former roommate who failed to pay most months? I had a roommate for a year. We were both equal on the lease. She failed to pay most months and owes me $3
Is there any way to get out of a secured car title loan? Is there any way to get out of a secured car title loan?
If court orders cell phone records can they get list of the I.P. addresses I have visited? If court orders cell phone records can they get list of the I.P. addresses I have visited?
Can I act as my General Contractor to build my house and hire non-licensed persons to do the work? In California
What to do if I had an invalid marriage and I need an annulment? What to do if I had an invalid marriage and I need an annulment?
Does NY have a law with conditions about terminating an employee for abandonment of job?  Does New York state have a law with conditions about terminating an employee for abandonment of job? If so where can I  find it online and can an employee be terminated for one no call no show?
 Can an employer ask to look in personal belongings i.e. car
What to do if my mother has many medical problems and needs help writing checks & reading mail? I have a mother who is 86. She has many medical problems and has advanced cataracts and needs help writing checks
What are the chances of me getting half physical custody of my son if I go back to court? Hi I live in California and I share legal custody with my son's father for about a yr now but he has had physical custody over him for about a yr also and during this time I've been having him from Friday 6pm till Sunday 6pm. I want to be able to have him more days with him. And well my question is what are the chances of me getting half physical custody of my son if I go back to court?
Am I eligible for students who want papers in order to keep studying if I'm 14 and born in Mexico? I'm 14 and I was born in Mexico in December 5th 1997. I would like to know if I am eligible for students who want papers in order to keep studying?
How much can your rent be increased at a single time? How much can your rent be increased at a single time?
Can a tenant withholding rent when tenant orally told landlord to fix the house but landlord failed to do it? Can a tenant withholding rent when tenant orally told landlord to fix the house but landlord failed to do it?
What to do if I told my neighbors that son's sleeping and they drunkenly flipped me off and cursed at me? Over the weekend my boy was sleeping and the neighbors were drinking and being loaded. I said something to the owner that my son was sleeping and if they could be a bit quieter. He started cursing and flipped me the middle finger. I called the law and advised them that my 4-year-old son saw him flip the bird and I felt this was indecent behavior to a minor. What are my choices in this matter?
Does overtime count when the county is determining child support amount? In the state of California does overtime count when the county is determining child support amount?
What do I do if the city revoke my work permit and want to tear it down? I have the deed to an old house.  I spent money on fixing it so I can resell it.  I have an engineer's report that says it is structurally sound.  So why does the city revoke my work permit and want to tear it down?  What do I do?
 What to do if I have been a Full time employee for 12 yrs and know i am not getting my hours?
What right does the owner of the company have to call and demand anything of me? My former employer has called me for months requesting that I email them marketing material I created for their company that they have misplaced or lost.  This week I billed them for 1/2 an hour of my time because the requests have far exceeded professional courtesy. Now the owner of the company is harassing me and verbally abusing me. What right does she have to call and demand anything of me?
Should I incorporate a tech business in DE or CA? Should I incorporate a tech business in DE or CA?
What kind of letter can I type up that won't give my mom custody of my daughter? My daughter is staying with my mother in Ohio. What kind of letter can I type up that won't give her custody of her but my permission to get her into school and any medical needs? I have full custody of her but I am out of town for work so that's why she is staying with my mom
I wanted to know how long an accident settlement takes? I wanted to know how long an accident settlement takes?
Is there time frame to finalize estate once taxes paid? Once the estate taxes are paid
What is a neck scar worth if I got burned at work? I got burned at work. I now have a 2 inch by 2 inch scar at on my neck. I am a 40-year-old female. The insurance company wants to settle. What is a neck scar worth?
Question regarding my former employee filing UI benefits after she walked out on her job in August? My former employee filed UI benefits after she walked out on her job in August.  She gave her notice to quit on the phone because she was written up for her poor work performance for the second time. In the write up
How do I file final divorce papers in California if I have been legally separated for 10 years? I have been legally separated for 10 years.  How do I file final divorce papers in California?
What remedy do I have to seek restitution and legal sanctions for attempted harm by employer? My employer set me up to fail by an act of sabotage
What to do if I am getting a bill after my bankruptcy that is a part of my filling? What to do if I am getting bill after my bankruptcy that is a part of my filling?
Can I sue doctor for a punctured spline as the result of a colonoscopy? Can I sue doctor for a punctured spline as the result of a colonoscopy?
I'm not a citizen. I'm renting a room
Can tenant break lease without telling landlord? I rented a house to a tenant on Nov. 7
What rights do I have for leasing contract?  I am renting a property from a cousin of the owner. The cousin is refusing to produce power of attorney to show that the owner authorized him to sign or rent the property for him. What rights do I have? What documents can I ask for?
If I gave a holding fee of $100 and then $400 security deposit and never moved in
Looking for a personal injury lawyer to step in for trial as I was misrepresented by my previous law firm? I'm looking for a personal injury lawyer to step in for trial as I was misrepresented by my previous law firm after two years of filing a law suit.
Should I get something in writing stating my husband will pay that to me? I am separated from my husband after 20 yrs of marriage. I just quit claimed a house we own in Oregon so that I don't have to be involved with him with finances
How much should I ask for after I fell in a hole while walking my dog?  How much pain and suffering should I ask for after I fell in a hole while walking my dog? I suffered a sprain wrist knee and ankle.
Can my nephew force me to sell if he wants half of the property I live at including rent for the past 20 years? My nephew wants half of the property i live at including rent for the past 20 years. Can he force me to sell?
Can books be used to make test questions without author or publisher consent? We are writing a certification test using facts and theories from several textbooks. In order not to infringe on copyright
Denied the permanent resident status & entrance to USA after 10-month period of staying abroad? Can I be denied the permanent resident status and entrance to USA after a period of 10 months of staying abroad?
What are my options if my brother stole everything from my father and is now in debt? My brother was living with my father taking care of him.  Over the course of about a year and a half
Can we legally give a notice that we are leaving without a signed lease? We currently lease a commercial building which operate a child care center. We have leased this building for. 16 years. However the lease payment us so we no longer can afford the payment and are looking to down size. My question
legal to move out in short notice?  Our landlord of nearly 11 years had his attorney write up a notice demanding that we move out in five days.  Isn't it illegal of him to give us this short amount of time? I thought it was at least 30 days.
Can my husband file for divorce for abandonment if we live in separate states due to jobs? My husband and I are talking to live in separate states due to a job and board exam circumstance. In case we take that decision
If the apartment building I reside at changes owners and the property manager won't give us contact information
Does the secondary resident have the right to just enter without my permission? I am a co-home owner and I occupy the residence.  I am also the primary name on the deed.  My question is does the secondary have the right to just enter without my permission?  If so
QSBS considerations when changing from S-Corp to C-Corp. We are a small 100% founder owned startup that is currently an S-Corp. To accommodate additional investors we will be changing to a C-Corp in the next couple of months.   Our allocated shares as an S-Corp would not qualify for QSBS...but should we authorize and issue more stock as a C-corp to the founders that would qualify for QSBS?  What would be the best way to take advantage of QSBS for us as founders during the conversion from S-Corp to C-Corp
When it does go to court for divorce settlement
What can be done about not upholding to the contract? I signed a contract to rent a property with the condition that the house undergo remodeling. I have about three weeks left of my deposit at my current residence and the landlord will not let me extend my stay any longer. However
Do we still need to pay our landlord since the property is on short sale? The property I am renting right now is in short sale. Do we still need to pay our landlord since the property is on short sale?
Question regarding my term as an office manager for an LLC company? I live in Fresno
What to do if my employer discriminated against me for improper considerations of my health condition? I feel my employer
I am renting a house and yard on a farm. My landlord sent me a letter telling me that I must remove my back up vehicle and my camper (with a permanent plate) because they claim I don't use it anymore
Can we be forced to sign off our life use if we are not living there? I like in NYS and me and my mother have life use of an apartment. I had to out my mother in a nursing home and  have since moved out. the person who owns the house now wants us to sign off our life use. My question is even if we are not living there now do we lose our life use or can we be forced to sign off our life use if we are not living there?
Legally in Ca what are the duties of a special master? Legally in Ca what are the duties of a special master?
Question regarding my wife entering into an LLC; a restaurant
What are my rights on paying them back if my job overpaid me on one paycheck? My job overpaid me on one paycheck. What are my rights on paying them back?
Is it legal to be fired from a job with no warnings whatsoever? Is it legal to be fired from a job with no warnings whatsoever?
Question about occupancy in mobile home? I owe a mobile home and pay rent space. I am allowed for 5 person to live in my home according to my contract
Can a company claim 92 hours as regular time out of a 93-hour work period? can a company  claim 92 hrs as regular time out of a 93 hr work period? I thought 80 hours every 2 weeks was the limit.
We want to show a movie for a fund raiser for our School at Barnes and Noble to children.  A Christmas movie like Frosty or something.  I understand there are copyright laws in public forums such as this?  How could we show one? None
Should broker ABC get part commission if contracts were executed when I was working for Broker XYZ? I m a Realtor. I had 3 contracts initiated while working for Broker ABC. The contracts were executed when I already was working for Broker XYZ. Should broker ABC get part of the commission?Thank you!
Can the landlord evict my friend who was in a fire accident  because he is unable to make it back home to pay his rent? I have a friend who was in a fire accident and is in the hospital at Pittsburgh burn center. Can the landlord evict him because he is unable to make it back home to pay his rent.
If a witness uses the words  looked to be or appears to be
if I marry someone who owes the IRS money will I be legally obligated to pay the back tax and fines too? if I marry someone who owes the IRS money will I be legally obligated to pay the back tax and fines too?
Can I receive my unemployment if I got fired for going to jail in Georgia? Can I receive my unemployment if I got fired for going to jail in Georgia?
What is the maximum sentence for theft but all was returned before charges we filed? What is the maximum sentence for theft of 5000 dollars from a former employer but only 1000 dollars of merchandise was caught on camera but all was returned before charges we filed
if someone was convicted of a crime in which there was no evidence can that stick? if someone was convicted of a crime in which there was no evidence can that stick?
How to dispute contract mistakenly signed as packing slip? if someone gave me a packing slip to sign and I did not read it and later found out that it was a contract for the sale of software that was sent to us as a trial how can i dispute this?  The delivery guy gave me a packing slip....I thought. Now
Does CA have a Romeo & Juliet law? Does CA have a Romeo & Juliet law? My son is 18 and just graduated high school this year. His girlfriend is only 16. Is it ok for 2 of them to date or is this against the law?
Can I trademark my company name? Can I trademark my company name?
On a quit claim deed can owners own different percents of said property? On a quit claim deed can owners own different percents of said property?
Can my dad sue if I own a house that my dad signed over to me & now he wants me to sign them back? I own a house that my dad signed over to me about 9 years ago and now he wants me to sign them back to him and I won't. He said he is going to sue me. Can he do that?
If my 17-year-old son is dating a 23 year old is there legally anything i can do? If my 17-year-old son is dating a 23 year old is there legally anything i can do?
How do I obtain info that I don't live in the USA/Florida? My start up business is registered in Jamaica and my plan is to distribute products manufactured by a company in Florida to a large retailer registered in San Diego with stores in Jamaica and the Caribbean and also to resell in Jamaica myself. The  manufacturer whose products I wish to distribute has asked for resale certification as part of the distributor application process. What does this mean? How do I obtain such given I don't live in the USA/Florida?
Who has rights to dead roommate's belongings if no living blood family or will? Our roommate died and he has no living blood family nor a will. Who has rights to the stuff he left behind? Our landlord or the tenants or some one else?
If my job position is eliminated do I have to take what is open or can I refuse? If my job position is eliminated do I have to take what is open or can I refuse?
According to MI law please define exclusive use/possession/occupancy of the marital home? My JOD awarded me exclusive use & occupancy of marital home up & until foreclosure. My ex came here w/o warning or permission removing items he was awarded. Our JOD reads: husband has 30 days from date of JOD to ARRANGE with wife a Time/Date to remove the property granted to him from the homeHe stated because he is also on the deed he could enter on/in the property @ any time & he didn't need to ask or notify me & that exclusive use/occupancy only prevents him moving back in.Can he show up when he wants & do what he wants under the pretense of obtaining his personal property?I am trying to maintain a sense of security for our children & myself.According to MI law please define exclusive use/possession/occupancy of the marital home?
If I have full custody of my kids and we never made a custody agreement through the courts
If someone is getting evicted for no exact reason is there any way to get more time? If someone is getting evicted in 30 for no exact reason is there any way to get more time if not able to move within the 30 day period?
Do I have the right to ask that the property be cleaned before I move in?  Do I have the right to ask that the property be cleaned before I move in?  Carpet
Is a beneficiary of a Trust legally entitled? In Missouri
How easy is to file for a divorce if there's a child in between? How easy is to file for a divorce if there's a child in between?
How can I sell small wooden hand-made clocks without trademark infringement of the Mercedes logo? I would like to make and sell small wooden hand-made clocks
MCM said I owe $900.00 & the original bill was $250.00 with the interest adding up. Can they do that? If I owe sears $250.00 & I didn't make payments so sears sends it to a collection agency and the the collection agency  charges me say 900 dollars? Is that legal? MCM said I owe $900.00 & the original bill was $250.00. They said it was interest adding up. Can they do that?
Is holding personal items for money legal? My mom's personal belongings are being held by an ex until she pays him $3500. Is what he's doing illegal because he figures she owes him?
What can I do to get my father back to the United States legally? when he was deported? My father was deported from the United States about four years ago. I'm going to be 18 in a couple of months. He has told me that I can do something to return him back to the United States when I turned 18. What can I do to get him back to the United States legally?
Can u get deported if you have custody of a American citizen child? Can you get deported if you have custody of an American citizen child?
If the papers were served in October 2011
Legal divorce if my husband filed without my knowledge and signed the divorce document? My husband filed a divorce without my knowledge and he signed the divorce document for me without me knowing it. Is this a legal divorce?
Do we have rights for visitation if our grandson is put in foster care? My grandson is possibly going to be taken from my son and we would like to no if we have rights for visitation if he is put in foster care.
Is the buyer responsible for the storage fee till they pick it up? I sold a motorcycle 2 months ago and its bin stored in a garage owned by someone else and I was paying 300.00 a month to store it there.  is the buyer responsible for the storage fee till they pick it up?
As a salaried ranch hand what are my rights for time off? As a salaried ranch hand what are my rights for time off? I have to work 6 days a week and be on call the 7th day. No other salaried worker is asked to do this I am on call 24/7 but get paid for 40 a week.
Legal if my husband is refusing me money from our joint account and will take me to court? My husband have a joint account. When I was working I directly deposited my paycheck into our account. However
How do I stop receiving unemployment and deductions to be taken out? I have been paying child support arrears
Is there a way to take a fee for our services and then send the rest directly to the nonprofit
Is it a vote by the shareholders or the board members regarding selling the building? I own 62 shares in a three owner co-op with 102 shares.  Each of the other members own 20 shares.  They want to sell the building.  I don't.  They want to vote on this proposal.  Is this a vote by the shareholders or the board members?
Can I be charged with grand larceny if the person got their money back? Can I be charged with grand larceny if the person got their money back?
How do we sign to close my late mother's bank accounts
True CA is one state that convictions disclosure has a time limit of 7 years unless the job requires it? Is it true CA is one state that convictions disclosure has a time limit of 7 years unless the job description requires it?
Can I write the lawsuit off on a schedule C? I am 50% owner of a company. I do not believe the other 50% owner is keeping some of the profits. I started a lawsuit. Can I deduct legal fees? This lawsuit is on going since 2008. No end to the money I must spend. Can I write this off on a schedule C?
Do I need to have another will prepared in Florida?  I live in Florida. I had my will prepared and filed for safe keeping at the clerk's office in Alexandria
With Florida vandalism law
What Can I do about a Garnishment  from a creditor I paid years ago & the company went out of Business? What Can I do about a Garnishment  from a creditor I paid years ago & the company went out of Business?
Question regarding creating a startup? Hi
How do I finish my divorce if I served my husband and yet he hasn't responded to anything? If I have had my husband served and he didn't respond and I have filed everything myself
Can kids stay with stepfather instead of biological if stated in will? If I was to die and stated in my will that the two oldest children stay with their stepfather and other siblings or do they have to stay with their biological father that has nothing to do with them or supported them in 4.5 years?
Bank charges fee after home appraisal. i recently applied for a loan modification with my bank and since my home appraised for less than what I paid
Can a contract be canceled if done within 3 days? Signed a contract to buy a sight at Woodhaven Lakes. Its a sight you put a trailer on
Correct if a business is downgrading the percentage because of tax reduction? Someone is willing to give me 10 percent of his business because of the work that I have to do for him. Lately he changed 10 percent to 8 percent because he's saying if I get 10 percent of his business I have to pay a lot of taxes. Is that right?
What is the law if I filed my federal taxes via e-file and my wife at the time filed joint? What is the law if I filed my federal taxes via e-file and my wife at the time filed joint? I initially agreed to and then changed my mind
Can an employer transfer me without my consent? Can an employer transfer me without my consent?
Do I take a half hour break if I work in assisted living home? I work in an assisted living home and I'm cooking and care giving. Do I have to take a half hour break?
I would like to write trivia questions about specific movies and tv shows and sell decks of trivia cards for each one. Will I need to get the studios permission to sell these? Keep in mind I wouldn't be using any images owned by others. Just trivia questions I wrote about the subjects.
Can I still get divorced if my wife won't sign the papers? Can I still get divorced if my wife won't sign the papers I'm training for the pass 8 years?
Can an immigrant after 10 years in the US with an expired visa apply for residency in any way possible?  Can an immigrant after 10 years of being in the US with an expired visa apply for residency in any way possible? Thank you for answer.
Legal in CA if my 16-year-old daughter is dating a 19-year-old and we're okay with it? My daughter who is 16 is dating a 19-year-old and we are okay with it. Is it legal in CA?
If we had a 2-year lease & we are moving
What steps do I take if we have never been to court to even state custody? I am 18 and have a 3 year old son me and the mother are not married she was letting me see him and keep him every other weekend and now she wont because I had another child. What can I legally do? What steps do I take we have never been to court to even state custody? I'm in Florida? Thank you.
What are squatters rights in California? What are squatters rights in California?
 Is it a crime to falsify your marriage license?
Can my mom give me money if she goes into a home and she makes thirty three hundred a month? I have been my mom's caretaker for eight years and I have a back disability. Can my mom give me money if she goes into a home and she makes thirty three hundred a month?
 Can I still be covered under my ex-husband's insurance?
Do I have to pay rent now that I have become ill due to Pneumonia from the mold that my landlord won't fix? I have mold in my apartment and my landlord won't fix it. Do I have to pay rent now that I have become ill to Pneumonia from the mold?
If someone were to decompose the composition into clips
Is it possible for one of my parents to take the sum out if I am under the age of 18? Currently my parents have a savings account but I wish to take a portion of it out for personal reasons. Is it possible for one of my parents to take the sum out if I am under the age of 18?
Car damaged from neighbor remodeling house. I noticed there were spots or cement on my car
When filing an accident claim is the insurance company suppose to offer you double the doctor's bill? When filing an accident claim is the insurance company suppose to offer you at least double the doctor's bill?
What are my rights if we entered into a real estate contract and now they backing out? We entered into a real estate contract for purchase of a manufactured home.  She agreed to give us a Note secured by the home for $15
If I'm not a legal resident but have a ITIN not a SSN and played and win the mega million
Can the person be charged with theft if the camera caught them outside the hallway? If an item is missing from a room in an office (no video camera in the room) but a hallway camera outside the room shows a known person leaving from that room with their handbag and the item is now discovered missing - can that person be charged with the theft of the missing item?
What to do if after I signed a lease for apt
Is a contract for construction legal if there is no date as to when it should be completed? Is a contract for construction legal and binding in Pennsylvania if there is no date as to when it should be completed?
How to drop domestic battery if both parties injured and no arrests? There was a domestic battery where both parties have injuries. One person is out on bail for something else. Nobody is arrested that night. Is there anyway for you to drop it through the state?
How much time after signing allowed to break contract in CA? How many days does a person have to break a contract? I believe it is 72 hours after signing in California.
How can a ban person(s) from my place of business when I lease the property and the building? How can a ban person(s) from my place of business when I lease the property and the building?
If my State issued I.D. has just expired
After 4 years can state garnish wages? After 4 years can state garnish wages?
If you drive your own car for a business and you get mileage can you be forced to carpool? If you drive your own car for a business and you get mileage can you be forced to carpool?
What is the minimum to maximum amount of money that can be awarded  through mediation against  corporate office for wrongful eviction
Can the landlord make you move out if you stay in an apartment with a relative
I found a website for an art studio in GA
If parent is paying child support weekly through court can the the other ask to have the payments increased? If a non custodial parent is already paying child support on a weekly basis through court can the custodial parent go to court and ask to have the payments increased ?
Can article written in 1984 still be under copyright? Would an article written for a Massachusetts newspaper in 1984 still be under copyright restriction of the contents of such a publication?
Can a person be forced to take an unpaid vacation? Can a person be forced to take an unpaid vacation because my boss is shutting the office down to take his vacation?
Question regarding cutting hours for cell phone violations? I work for pizza hut. Some fellow co0workers and myself have all been written up for cell phone use violations at the same time. My boss has cut my hours for what she said was punishment but hasn't cut anyone else's hours that have been written up. Is this a legal action that my boss is doing to me?
Can loan company ask for money before lending? Is it legit for a loan company to ask for $500 before it lends me $5k? I applied for a loan and an agency found a private lender to loan to me due to my credit
If a group share ownership of a small piece of land
Can minor legally move to father's house without mother's consent? Am I legally able to move out of my mother's house and into my father's house if she does not consent and I am 15 years old?
If I have to have surgery
What are my options if my ex-employer won't pay me the money that is owed to me for working? What are my options if my ex-employer won't pay me the money that is owed to me for working?
Does Michigan custody law state 100 miles as driving or straight line? Does Michigan custody law state 100 miles as driving or straight line?
Does a Wisconsin judge have jurisdiction in IL? Does a Wisconsin judge have jurisdiction in IL?
How can I get a lawyer to help? I got hurt on a job. How can I get a lawyer to help my case?
Is my boyfriend still financially obligated to take care of our daughter if he signed over his rights? My boyfriend signed his rights over for our daughter. Is he still financially obligated to help take care of her?
Where do I go to get a Power of Attorney for property registered? Where do I go to get a Power of Attorney for property registered?
What are my rights in regards to giving my husband an ultimatum to come home and deal with our family issues? My husband temporarily moved out stating he needs time and his space. It has been two weeks.  What are my rights in regards to giving him an ultimatum to come home and deal with our family issues or I'm changing the locks?
What are the pros/cons of putting my boyfriend's name on the title? My boyfriend and I live together in a house I own.  I am looking to purchase another home.  I have the down payment; he will contribute nothing to that.  He wants his name on the mortgage
question on tort In Oklahoma
Is it legal for neighbors to video tape your home without permission in Michigan without cause? Is it legal for neighbors to video tape your home without permission in Michigan without cause?
Statutes governing supervised visitation and supervised therapeutic supervision? What are the statutes governing supervised visitation and supervised therapeutic supervision in the state of Florida
What is a reasonable percentage for a trustee to  claim for a Trust with assets of $1
What do I need to create an online company? What do I need to create an online company?
What to do if my husband died and I need a trust but all I have is the house
Can my ex take me to court if I am behind on child support? I am behind on child support. I am making payments but I am still behind. Can my ex take me to court?
Am I breaking any laws by recording people's speech and conversations for learning purposes? Hello. I'm developing a program right now that should learn how to speak any language through observation. Am I breaking any laws by recording people's speech and conversations for learning purposes? If so
How do I give legal business rights in another country?  I'm a U.S. citizen living in America.  I have land in Jamaica and an adult daughter in jamaica. I would like my daughter to conduct the business of pertaining to my land in Jamaica.  How do I give her legal permission if we are in two different countries?
I am 15 and would like to know if I have any rights concerning where I attend school? I am 15 and would like to know if I have any rights concerning where I attend school?
What rights does an heir have to question the actions of a power of attorney? In the state of Georgia
Can previous employer give info out of context for a background check? Can previous employer give information out of context to someone doing a background check for employment? I thought previous employers could only give dates of employment and if you would re-hire that employee?  Previous employer is discrediting and preventing new employment.
What do I need to do to file a hostile work environment case? What do I need to do to file a hostile work environment case? And how do I know if I even have a case at all?
Can staff sue for lack of promotion?
Can I take my ex-wife to small clams for claiming both kids on her taxes when she's only allowed one of them?  Can I take my ex-wife to small clams for claiming both kids on her taxes when she's only allowed one of them? She's been doing this for 5 years. I reported her to the IRS and they have done nothing.
What can I do to prosecute a man who gave my child narcotics and then said my child stole them from him? An adult friend of mine gave my child narcotic drugs and then said my child stolen them from him. What can I do to prosecute him and protect my child?
What is copyright law and how does the fair use exemption make it difficult to apply?
 Do you have to take lunch breaks?
What to do if my ex's wife sent me a cease and desist letter from a attorney that doesn't even know her My ex husband's new wife sent me a cease and desist letter from an attorney that doesn't even know her. What are my options?
How do I prevent a foreclosure? How do I prevent a foreclosure?
How many hours do you work before getting a break in PA? How many hours do you work before getting a break in PA?
Can I legally leave home with my son without getting in trouble? I am currently 17 and half and I have a 2 and half year old son. I live in Harrisburg pa
 What should I do if I have a very low income and can't hire a Lawyer?
Can you sue a private person if they owe  $17000? Can you sue a private person if they owe  $17000?
Can a partner be removed from a business checking account in the state of Florida without his/her consent? Can a partner be removed from a business checking account in the state of Florida without his/her consent? The business is set up two partners 49/51 % and the 51% partner removed the 49% as signor on the account (8 years old).
Does filing separation for divorce release me from any debt following filing? Does filing a legal sepration for divorce release me from any debt that is gained on either part after the seperation papers have been filed? We live in Idaho.
I am representing myself in process of divorce. I have two children
Can I sue agent and trusstee for trying to sell my house without a court order? Can I sue agent and trusstee for trying to sell my house without a court order?
What is an estimate on what my ex should be paying monthly for child support? I have two children with a man that makes about $3000.00 net per month and I make about $2500.00 net per month
Am I entitled to a portion to a retirement portfolio if I am the spouse? I am married for 16 years. My husband has been contributing our money to his retirement portfolio over our marriage and it has grown since we married. Am I entitled to a portion of it?
Do I have a case if my boss is dating my co-worker's mother and shows favoritism? My boss is dating one of my co workers mother. Now he is showing favoritism and giving raises to her. Plus my boss has not been paying me above board he is not paying taxes on my income.  Do I have a case?
If I quit will I be able to collect unemployment because the terms of the job have changed? I am employed as an exempt manager. I have been working at the same facility for 9.5 years. I have worked 7 to 3 for most of this time with minor exceptions. My employer wants to change my hours to 12 hr. days or shorter days but 7 days a week. Can they do this as I don't think I can physically do the job due to a medical condition and age. If I quit will I be able to collect unemployment because the terms of the job have changed?
digitize all of my legal/financial documents? I'd like to digitize all of my legal/financial documents and save them on digital media so that they can be grabbed quickly in the event of an emergency.. Can they all be done as images? Or
Can I get spousal support? Can I get spousal support?
In the state of Florida
I have two other roommates and one was just recently arrested and he is moving back home. He is still paying his rent but not utilities. Should he have to keep paying utilities? Also does he have any right to what we do with his room? None
Can you display the original manufacturer's product with removal? If you want to sell an aftermarket product can you display the original manufacturer's product as long as you remove all the original marks or brand identifiers?
We are buying a vacation rental property in NC for investment/personal use.  Our realtor mentioning putting it into an LLC just prior to close with the same lawyer handling the close (an attorney in NC)  Should the LLC be in the state we reside in
How important is it to file a copyright for a new website domain?  How important is it to file a copyright for a new website domain? What are the costs involved?
Spouse threatens to wind up company in divorce. I am a 45% shareholder in my husband's business. We are getting divorced & he has threatened to wind up the company so I can't get anything. We have been married for 10 years and have 2 children. I work part time in the business. Can he do this?
X-CONRAD GARCIA's Confidential Question CAN AN INDIVIDUAL SUE FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT FOR A UNION VIOLATION. FOR EXAMPLE
Educational malpractice for approving an undefined curriculum change? Is there legal basis for parents to sue their school board for educational malpractice for approving an undefined curriculum change against the wishes of the community at large?
What type of charges can be filed if someone stole jewelery from an in-law that they resided with? What type of charges can be filed if someone stole jewelery from an in-law that they resided with?
If my employer gets bought by another company
Can the judge sentence the defendant for less if he takes into consideration of no criminal history? If there is a sentencing guidelines of 41 to 51 months
Is the former landlord responsible for returning  my deposit if it forecloses? If the bank foreclosed on the property I'm renting is the former landlord responsible for returning  my deposit?
How many days a year is an employer suppose to pay for? How many days a year is an employer suppose to pay for?
Do I have options of staying? I rent a private home
What should I do if my lawyer is not helping me retrieve my money? I was awarded $3
Can an employer terminate an employee without first issuing a warning? Can an employer terminate an employee without  first issuing a warning?
Question about the Homestead Property benefit? I own a home in Michigan and receive the Homestead Property Tax reduction benefit. I want to sell my home and purchase another home. I purchase another home and can't sell my home right away. I was told by a real estate broker that I could claim the Homestead Property benefit on both houses for a period of time. Is there such a benefit and how long does it last?
Can I legally do anything as my ex-fiance is taking his mother's home and selling it? My ex fiance has recently inherited his mother's home and it has sold for half a million dollars.  Now he has decided to leave and take everything. Can I do anything legally as this is really unfair that now money is involved he chosen to leave me with nothing?
Can my employer demote me or vanish pay rate with no notification or just cause? Can my employer demote me or vanish pay rate with no notification or just cause?
What is the law about putting a ladder on the neighbor's property to make repairs to mine? I live in Michigan and my house is 22 inches from the property line making it impossible to make repairs.  What is the law about putting a ladder on the neighbors property to make repairs to mine?
Do I have to notify the courts about the move the custody? I live in new York and I'm moving to Texas my daughters father is paying child support. Do I have to notify the courts about the move? And could my daughters father take me to court for custody?
Can I split shares of an llc? Can I split shares of an llc?
Is it legal for my company to force me to work during my accrued vacation? I am a salaried employee.  My company is having a forced shut down for a week and we must use our accrued vacation pay to cover the time off.  My department was then told that we are expected to work as needed during this time off.  It's one thing to dictate when I must use my accrued vacation
How do I get custody of children? How do I get custody of children?
Could I drive a go kart on the street? I would like to know Could if I could drive a go kart on the street of Springfield
Do I have to stay or pay to the end of my lease if I moved for a job and now it's eliminated? I am on a lease in an apartment until November.I moved here for a job and the job was eliminated and now I'm on unemployment.  Do I have to stay or pay to the end of my lease?
How can I go about getting my deposit back? I'm planning on breaking a lease with my landlord and I gave her more then 30 days notice. She agreed to break it and she had told me if no one rents it I cant get it back. How can I go about getting my deposit back?
Is it legal to paint child's room with copyrighted images and logos? A young boy wants some WWE logos and images painted on the walls of his bedroom. Can I paint a mural in a boys' bedroom of copyrighted images and logos?  Does the exchange of money have anything to do with the legality of this?
Does the person in charge of the estate have to show the check book to the other children? After a death does the person in charge of the estate who has a joint account with the deceased have to show the check book to the other children of the deceased?
Protection in a lease option agreement? We operate a well known
Is there some kind of law to pass this month regarding citizenship to those who are married to a current US citizen?  Is there some kind of law to pass this month regarding citizenship to those who are married to a current US citizen? Meaning can an immigrant from Mexico get citizenship if her husband is legal?
How do you defend a loitering and prowling misdemeanor in Florida?  How do you defend a loitering and prowling misdemeanor in Florida? Aren't there two parts that have to be proved by the state attorney?
Can I counter sure for back child support from my ex? My ex-wife and I have 50/50 joint legal and physical custody and she is getting child support from me. She just came in to a lot of money. Is there any way I can get child support from her? She's not on welfare or nothing like that. Can I counter sure for back child support?
What are the law of child support/alimony being paid to me after having a boyfriend move in after a divorce? Hi
Is it okay that they fired me with the issues behind my temporary fine? I was recently fired from my job as a truck driver. I went through a scale & my truck was overweight. They informed me it would be up to the judge to issue a fine. Never heard anything for 2 months. Went through the scale just recently and they informed me of an unpaid fine with a hold on my license. Meanwhile I was driving around there company with a 18 wheeler with no license. Next morning I paid the $400 fine went to DMV to release the hold of my license. That Friday they fired me. Is that okay?
If my father just passed away he didn't have a will and i am the only living child does everything go to me? If My father just passed away he didn't have a will and I am the only living child does everything go to me?
What should I do if I rent from a building that went into foreclosure? What should I do if I rent from a building that went into foreclosure?
Is it legal for my employer to ask me to sign a 3 year non compete clause?  Is it legal for my employer to ask me to sign a 3 year non compete clause? Refusing would prevent me from getting the position and signing would prevent me from other positions with another company or owning my own company of the same or similar to. This is a small company that sells light up children toys at outside events during the summer. The sale and pricing are know to the public.
Will no contract order on spouse show up on FBI name and background immigration check? I called the police on my husband three years ago.  We had an altercation and there was a police report and a no contact order issued.  Will this show up on a name check and background check done by the FBI for immigration purposes?
Is there anything that I should know to protect myself to make sure it's fair in alimony and child support? My husband has decided to leave my children and I. I have agreed to go thru a mediator to try and settle this without lawyers. Is there anything that I should know to protect myself and my children to make sure I am getting what is fair in alimony and child support? I am a housewife and he has been the primary income of the family. He as well has a business and I would like to know if I am entitled to any part of that business? we have been married for 9 years in the state of Florida
Can I be sued for car damages in small claims court when i have auto insurance? Can I be sued for car damages in small claims court when I have auto insurance?
What is the best way to pursue a divorce when I can't prove my husband's infidelity and he financially supports me? I would like to divorce my husband but I am a homemaker and have no income other than his to pay a lawyer. My husband moved out on my children and I last March in order to pursue a relationship with another woman. However
Is legal guardian liable for debt resulting from child's theft? I have a child whom I have permanent legal custody
Do I have any recourse with the landlord if he makes the floor unlivable? My basement apartment keeps getting wet every time it rains out a lot. My wall to wall gets soaked
Help if I am a Wedding and Event Planner and I need help with writing a good contact for my business? Hello I am a Wedding and Event Planner and I need help with writing a good contact for my business.  Can you help me?claudia Cowan 904-708-5624
Sued by Capitol One for non-payment of debts? I am being sued by Capital One for non payment of credit card debts.  What should I do?  I do not have any money.
At what age does child custody end? At what age does child custody end?
can a judge refuse you a lawyer? Can a judge refuse you a lawyer?
How should overtime be paid if I worked 24 hours straight? I work 10 hour shifts.  I recently worked 24 hours straight
Is there a time limit when a credit card company can garnish you? Is there a time limit when a credit card company can garnish you?
Can I get a refund on a releasing fee if I have paid my rent on time for my 12-month lease? I was wondering if I can get a refund on a releasing fee if I have paid my rent on time for my 12-month lease? It's on a month to month now and my landlord has a security deposit as well?
Legal if our lender sold our home and the same lender took us to court to evict us? Is this legal
If I'm asked to return can employer reduce my pay? i was laid off 020212 because my company lost  account
Can the landlord break the lease? In California
Can I get a license in Florida if I pass all the tests? My right to operate has been revoked in Massachusetts. If I establish residency in Florida
How do I contest a will? How do I contest a will?
Is there any way I could get emancipated if I prove living in a crowded house of 8 is unsuitable? I live in a two bedroom house with about 7-8 people. We only get about $600 in food stamps and there's barely any food to get through the month. I'm stuck sleeping on the couch or a small closet like room. I keep my clothes in a little chest cause there's not much room. My mom is struggling to get a job and my father doesn't work. I'm only 15
Is it legal for business to ask for money back if their error?  I leased a new vehicle in January
Is it against the law or HOA rules to clean our balcony with pine sol? I am currently renting a condo unit (Encino
What is the quickest way to finalize a divorce after finding out my previous marriage is still current? I've been informed that for at least a decade of believing I was divorced and now ready to remarry
Is the contract valid if I quit because the employer is unfair as the contract wasn't notarized? I signed a contract for my employer that if I no longer work there I cannot work within 5 miles of the current business. The contract doesn't state the employer's obligation to me. Is the contract valid if I quit because the employer is unfair? The contract wasn't notarized. Also we switched buildings since I was hired I have worked there for 3 1/2 yrs.
Are they suppose to give him a written warning before termination? My son was terminated from his job a few weeks ago. He did his job well and never was written up for anything
How do I get my current boyfriend to take over legal matters of daughter's birth certificate? My daughter has no father on her birth certificate nor in her life. The man I am with now would like to take over any legal matters with her and be her father on her birth certificate. She is seven months. How would I go about doing this?
If a sibling has power of attorney
If you were entering an unlocked foreclosed home is it qualified as trespassing under Michigan state laws? If you were entering an unlocked foreclosed home is it qualified as trespassing under Michigan state laws?
Can you round up or down your hours to the closest 15 min? Can you round up or down your hours to the closest 15 min or are you supposed to be paid for every min?
Can I bring my sister-in-law and his children under the same application process? I have applied for for my brother and his wife/children and the petition is being approved and under process
Can a employer change your scheduled shift without agreeing or needing coverage? Can an employer change your scheduled shift without agreeing or needing coverage?
If I am ex-military
Is there a set amount of time she must give like a 30-day notice? I rented a room in my condo out with a month to month agreement.  There was no provision for how much notice she was to give when she wanted to move out.  Is there a set amount of time she must give?  I also thought it was a 30 day notice?
How can I protect my work without paying a layer for trademarking or branding right now? How can I protect my work without paying a layer for trademarking or branding right now?
Legal for my landlord to give a 30-day notice when they are renovating? The landlord is renovating the building where I live. They have given me a 30 day notice to move out. Is this legal?
Do you have to come to a complete stop while making a right turn from a stop sign? Do you have to come to a complete stop while making a right turn from a stop sign?
Legal to be fired and not receive last check? I was fired on Monday
If I have been separated for years
How do I file for a divorce? How do I file for a divorce?
Are agreements and contracts the same?  Are agreements different than contracts and are they binding?
Can I have a summons sent signed certified mail? Can I have a summons sent signed certified mail or does it have to go through the sheriff's office?
Am I liable for remainder of lease if I get job in another state? I just got a job in another state. Am I liable for the remainder of my lease which ends June1
Do I qualify for full-time benefits if I worked over a year? My name is is Christy
Should I make a will even though I'm only 26 and have relatively few assets? Should I make a will even though I'm only 26 and have relatively few assets?
How do I transfer the deed to their home into my name and 2 other siblings? Both parents deceased
If my personal property at work is vandalized by another employee can I hold my employer responsible? If my personal property at work is vandalized by another employee can I hold my employer responsible?
Are property owners liable if renter gets injured? My fiance went on the roof of the house we are renting to try to unclog the kitchen sink.  When he was coming down the ladder
Can I sell an option in my company to invest at a later round for $1
How to transfer business loan to my name? My brother & I have a trucking business. He got the loan for the truck & I have paid all the expenses for fuel
Is there a way if I can get my money back if someone I didn't know withdrew it all from my account? I got a settlement back from my grandmother's will. I put it in the bank and somehow someone withdrew it all. I was 18 and I got railroaded. How can I get my money back?
Is it illegal not to give an employee a cost of living raise every year
Can I still file a provisional application if someone stole the rough draft? The rough draft of a provisional patent application was stolen by someone who has already filed the provisional application and has the resources to file for a utility patent right away. Can I market my idea now? Should I or can I still file a provisional application?
What is maximum WA state can garnish from insurance? I currently reside in WA. I am in arrears in child support. I was in an car accident in OR 9 months ago. The insurance company wants to settle and has made a good offer. WA State has put a lien in place for any monies I may receive with the insurance company. What is the maximum they can garnish?
I'm a single woman with two adult children and omitting one from will and trust. What are my options? I'm a single woman with two adult children and omitting one from my will and trust. What are my options? I own a home free and clear and have stock s& bonds setup with a car free and clear of debt.
Can a new landlord raise the rent by 40% on an old tenant in an 18-month period? In Mendocino county
What should I do if the HOA is asking us for rent when the landlord is delinquent in HOA dues? landlord is delinquent in HOA dues; HOA
Is it legal to go three years without a pay increase? When I left to have my baby I was a full time employee working 40 hrs in one store.  When I came back I was told we no longer have full time employees you can only work 32 hours in one store 8 in an other.  Also is it legal to go three years without a pay increase
Do I have 3 days to change mind after signing contract? When you sign a contract
If someone publishes images on paper
What are biological father's rights to child born out of wedlock if mother deceased? What are my rights as the biological father of a child born out of wedlock
Can a law guardian speak to a 7 yr old child without the presence of the parent that has custody? Also
How would it work if my husband is willing to sign a quit claim deed on our home when we still owe? My husband is willing to sign a quit claim deed on our home when we still owe. How would that work?
Can a senior community 55+ in NJ (Ocean County) charge the owner $50.00 to do an inspection of the home? Can a senior community 55+ in NJ (Ocean County) charge the owner $50.00 to do an inspection of the home (done by the associations own maint. dept.) in order to give A permission to sell letter to the owner? The house could be put on the market with a realtor then and be able to charge the owner $50.00 to reinspect the house every 6 mos that the house does not sell.
What to do if my neighbor is suing for damages for his fern bed when it covered my sprinkler and killed it? A neighbor planted a fern bed on the property line and it grew and covered my sprinkler. I sprayed weed killer  on it. Now he is suing for damages. What can I do?
Can first offense be expunged? Can prostitution first offense be expunged?
Is son responsible for rent if he breaks lease? My son shared an apartment w/ his girlfriend.  His name was the only name on the lease. They broke up and he couldn't afford the apt. on his own
Can I copyright parenting handbook that I made? I am a daycare director and want to know if I can copyright a parent's handbook that I have put together?
Is there anything I can do to get to full-time status even when I work 40 plus hours? I work in retail and have been working 40 plus hours a week for over a month but my employer will not move me to full time status.  I work in PA.   I have invested $600 in tools and made a one year commitment to my employer and understood that I would be full time after training.  I have completed training but am still part time.  Is there anything I can do to get to full-time status?
Can others contest because of that old Will? My husband had a Will made before we were married and has since signed a piece of paper saying that Will is no longer legal.  I am the beneficiary on everything.  Can others contest because of that old Will?
Do I need a lawyer to sue my son for money I loaned him? Do I need a lawyer to sue my son for money I loaned him? It has been four months now and I haven't heard a thing about when he will start paying me back.
If my wife and I are separated not living with another
What law prohibits attorneys from speaking with victims before appearing in court? What FL law prohibits defense attorneys from speaking with victims and their families before appearing in court?
How do I obtain power of authority when my father is in the ICU? My father is in ICU with severe pneumonia and a mild heart attack.  I do need have authority to handle his financial matters but he is on a ventilator and heavily sedated. How do I obtain power of authority?
Is it signing away my mom's rights if we have a family property and sent us a short form of POA? We have a family property that is about to be sold. She sent us a short form power of attorney. My mom is not able to sign the form. This is not something that's signing away her rights to any of the money they will get for selling the house is it?
Am I risk of losing title or ownership of the house? I got a share of ownership with my brother. Now he is taking the house back for living and he paid the mortgage. Am I risk of losing title or ownership of the house?
Can I get another lawyer to represent me? If so
Is common law marriage after 7 years? In the state of Massachusetts after 7 years do  they consider that common law marriage?
Is a prenuptial agreement certified by a bank notary able to hold up in court? Is a prenuptial agreement certified by a bank notary able to hold up in court? It is prepared by individuals & signed by them. Basically
if I'm in a car accident and injured
I own a convenience store in Oregon and I am wanting to sell it.  A friend of mine gave me the idea to sell tickets and draw a winner.  Because I am not a non profit organization
Do I need a lawyer to seek a 50/50 custody split? I am the father of a three year old boy and I am not together with his mother. After several years of attempting a civil relationship with the mother
Should I be fired because one minor issue with my drinking? I worked for Glaztech Ind. For 6 years I was never reprimanded
A Labor / Payroll related question? A Labor / Payroll related question.Entities involved; Hiring Hall
I have a house that was included in chpt 13 bankruptcy in 2007.  I took some items out then
How can I keep my ex's boyfriend from suing for visitation before I go to court? My daughter just moved in with me from Minnesota.  I live in Pennsylvania.  My ex wife's boyfriend is threatening to sue for visitation and I wish to block this before I must go to court in Minnesota.  How can I do this?
What can I do about pregnancy discrimination at work? What can I do about pregnancy discrimination at work in Las Vegas
Does my mother get something  if my father died in a car accident when the other side is refusing insurance? My father was in a car accident back in July 2010. That accident took his life. We have a lawyer. The lawyer said that my mother should get something. It's said  that the other insurance is refusing to give anything. I have the police report....I need some advise on what to do.
What are the qualifications of a  Family Court mediator in CA? What are the qualifications of a  Family Court mediator in CA? And can individuals with upcoming Family Court dates request private mediators outside the court's system to mediate their cases?
Can you sue a boarding kennel for neglect? Can you sue a boarding kennel for neglect?
Can I claim unemployment if I worked for a company from November 2011 to June 2012 and got laid off? Can I claim unemployment if I worked for a company from November 21
If a classmate copies pictures from Web pages and uses them in a report for a class assignment
When does the statue of limitation run out on suing a private car dealership for selling a problematic car? When does the statue of limitation run out on suing a private car dealership for selling you a car with problems after they stated more then once that there was nothing wrong with the car?
With parental consent
Can I get arrested for not paying child support because I've been sick in hospital? Can I get arrested for not paying child support because I've been sick in hospital?
If I have a misdemeanor drug charge can I own a hand gun? If I have a misdemeanor drug charge can I own a hand gun?
How do you appeal a motion to correct illegal sentence? How do you appeal a motion to correct illegal sentence?
Is it your right as a renter to have basic heating for the house? Is it your right as a renter to have basic heating for the house?
What is it for when my sister ask me if I could sign for her husband so he can become a resident? My sister ask me if i could sign for her husband so he can become a resident. What is that for? Thanks.
Collect unemployment if I am the sole shareholder of the corp that employees me? Can I collect unemployment if I am the sole shareholder of the corporation that employees me?
Am I required to have full coverage insurance if I have the purchased vehicle with lien holder on the title? Am I required to have full coverage insurance if I have the purchased vehicle with lien holder on the title?
How to fight PA child support? How to fight PA child support?
How do I get the money without administrating a will? I Left 3000.00 in checking account from deceased as non probate. How do I get the money without administrating will
What to do if my wife wants to divorce me after she was the unfaithful & wants me to pay half of the fee? Hi my wife wants to divorce me after she was the unfaithful so now she wants me to pay half of the lawyers fee
What is the time limitation to file a complaint of an assault? What is the time limitation to file a complaint of an assault?
What is the best way for my step mom to get a divorce in California if she left my dad 4 years ago? My dad
What constitutes an annulment in the state of California? What constitutes an annulment in the state of California?
What are the implications for a driver moving his vehicle in a car accident before the police arrive? I had a collioson with another vehicle and the other driver moved his car before the police arrived. What implications are there for this?
Can my ex ask for property I bought 6 years after our separation and ask for alimony? I live in Michigan I'm 100% disabled veteran I have been separated from my wife for over 7 years. I recently filed for divorce today the 6 months waiting period is up. Can she ask for property I bought 6 years after our separation and ask for alimony? I now pay her health insurance
Is a spouse entitled to their spouse's CD and or savings account upon death? Is a spouse entitled to their spouse's CD and or savings account upon death? Especially when the CD was set up in his children's name from a previous marriage in the state of Tennessee?
Father has been estranged from family for 20 years. Are his children still legally obligated to him when they have had no contact for that long?
Any recourse for owning a domain name that's similar to other competitors? I have owned and maintained the rights to the domain name MenuSell.com for more than twelve years. I stopped doing business about 6 years ago but to this day I still have kept the rights to the domain name (by paying an annual fee). There are several companies using a close facimiles of MenuSell such as MenuSelling.com and Menu-Sell.com and they are doing the same type of business. Do I have any recourse?
Can I publish references to unnamed living family members? Can I write about living family members(not by name) in my writing?
Can my ex stop paying me alimony or make me show the courts my checking accounts and paper works or reduce my alimony? I live in NY ex-husband lives in VT. He stopped paying alimony court ordered and it's been going on the 2nd month. He inform me he is trying to come up with the money but he's not calling me back. I now have less bills than he does. Can he stop paying me alimony or make me show the courts my checking accounts and paper works or reduce my alimony?
After being questioned once
Who has the right to make decisions if there is no POA
Am I allowed to take sick days to care for my daughter? I am coming to the end of my 12 week maternity leave
What can I do to protect myself from the company? I have been working with a start-up business for 18 months now. I started as an adviser n the Board of Directors & 6 months later was made VP of Sales. My compensation from the CEO has only been 200
How do I become a legal American resident?  How do I become a legal American resident? I am currently a 15 year old high school student. I have been living in the US with my family since I was around 3 years old
Do we legal rights to stop our renter from serving us with a notice to vacate? My wife & myself are served with notice to vacate a house we rent from a 91-year gentleman. Do we have legal rights to stop this or prolong until we can find find another place to live?
What penalties should I be expecting if I don't have any sort of license and caught speeding? I don't have any sort of license. I'm 16 and I was caught speeding and have court soon. What penalties should I be expecting? Living in FL
Who can I talk to about allegations made through my job? Allegations were made thru my job. I'm not fired as of yet but have been suspended so far. Who can I talk to for advice how to handle this?
How do I become an executor over my husband's affairs? How do I become an executor over my husbands affairs
What can I do if a friend used my social security number to use for gas and electric bill but never paid? Friend used my social security number to use for gas and electric bill but never paid. Now there past due n and in collections. I never even lived at the property where the bills were used for. What can I do?
What can I do to avoid having to pay him for the services he never performed and remove the lien on my House? A contractor placed a mechanical lien on my property for services that I did not approve of. I also did not receive proof that the services were rendered. What can I do to avoid having to pay him for the services he never performed and remove the lien on my House?
Question about divorce? Florida divorce: husband won't work
How many unrelated adults are allowed to live together in a home in Colorado? How many unrelated adults are allowed to live together in a home in Colorado?
What will happen if caught with illegal items in car? Hi: I was stopped w/a small amount of marijuana and was given a ticket to appear in a nh court. I allowed the police officer to search my vehicle and he located it along w/a pipe. This is an occasional  situation. What will happen?
What are responsibilities of the secretary in a small corporation?  What are responsibilities of the secretary in a small corporation?  There is sale taxes in New York state.
If a company doesn't pay you
If I had a lawsuit at 16 & am suffering from pain now that I wasn't aware of at that time
I'm going to a custody hearing and I want to know if the grandmother will get him back? I am a grandmother of a 6 year old since he was 2. now his mother wants him back. She and my son have given up their right when I got custody in 2008. My grandson does not want to live with her. We are going to a custody hearing and I want to know if she will get him back?
Is there such a thing as registering a lease agreement to make it legal and binding? Is there such a thing as registering a lease agreement form to make it legal and binding?
How quickly can I get court-ordered paternity test? My parents are kicking me out so I have to move to England in 3weeks. The father of my unborn child decided today that he was not the father and refuses to take a paternity test. How fast can i get a court ordered paternity test in Virginia?
What's a simple document to void my will? What's a simple document to void my will?
What to do if my husband used me for green card? What to do if my husband used me for green card?
Am I supposed to get a MRI before my accident case is closed? Am I supposed to get a MRI before my accident case is closed?
Just last Saturday
Can a lawyer who represented my ex husband in my custody battle share my file with another client? Can a lawyer who represented my ex husband in my custody battle share my file with another client? And can another person get my file?
What's are recourse as tenants?  We are a tenant and the house we are in has a sewer issue. The landlord has requested for us not to flush or put toilet paper in the toilet
How do I revoke a living trust
Anything I can do if I have a felony and I want to get into the navy? I have a felony and I want to get into the navy. Is there anything I can do?
When can 170.6 be filed? Can you file a 170.6 at any time in the process of your issue?  Also is an order to show cause re:contempt hearing a separate issue which could allow for a 170.6?
To change my address should I put my current and previous if they are asking for both? I'm on a green card. I have moved twice since receiving my card. I was unaware that I was suppose to notify DHS. I am changing my address now but I'm concerned about not changing it the first time I moved. The form I'm submitting is asking for my current and previous address
If I was recently fired by the Milpitas city hall
Can a woman that got an artificial insemination give the child the father's last name even if she did it without his consent?  Can a woman that got an artificial insemination give the child the father's last name even if she did it without his consent? He was married to someone else when she did it.
Legal for my employer to not pay me overtime wages for working over a 40 hour week? is it legal for my employer to not pay me overtime wages for working over a 40 hour week?
What are my rights if I lived as a common law wife for 28 years? I lived as a common law wife with a man for twenty eight years. What are my rights?
What can I do legally to keep my wife's ex from coming to her new place of business? My wife's ex husband recently came into her place of employment where she rents a booth and is a hair stylist. He voiced a lot of accusations and made a scene while she wasn't there. The owner asked my wife to leave and find another place to work because she didn't want any negative publicity to come out of it! I found her another place to rent and bought her all new equipment and she is working again. I want to know what I can do legally to keep my wife's ex from coming to her new place of business. The owners are my friends and know about him and will call the police if he comes back but I'd like to know how to keep him away to avoid the police call or a confrontation between he and I .
Is it possible to get a separation agreement document with no or low cost?   Is it possible to get a separation agreement document with no or low cost?  We have no children
Can my sweat equity be factored in having reduced my portion of the loan? I started an S-corp with my sister.  I am Pres and she is VP. We bought a franchise business. We had agreed to quit our jobs to run it. She never quit her job.  I quit two jobs to run the business full-time. I have spent the last five years building the business
what legal actions can I take to an employer who takes money away from our checks? what legal actions can I take to an employer who takes money away from our checks whenever our cash registers are short
Okay if I failed to pay rent to my business and after giving me a notice
What does it mean when my ex wants 100% legal custody of our son? My ex-husband wants 100% legal custody of our son. What exactly does this mean?  Would he be 100% responsible for our son if he got into trouble with the law?  Would I have to pay child support?  We would have 50/50 physical custody.
Question regarding borrowing money from an online payday lender? I borrowed money from an online payday lender. I paid part of the money and now I have no job. They have filed a claim against me. I called the person that has the claim and ask if I could make payments. I was told no I would have to go to court for fraud. What do I do to keep from going to court.
Is there any way to opt out early in my lease?  is there any way to opt out early in my lease? It said in the contract it is a two year lease
Is it okay for plaintiffs to sue on the behalf of their children in the Buffalo Creek Disaster? In the Buffalo Creek Disaster
Can my wages be garnished for student loans when I am making reg payment? I fell behind on my student loan payments
Am I eligible to bring my relatives if I am green card holder? I'm a green card holder. Am I eligible to bring my relatives here?
Are there grounds for false charges? If someone lies to put you in jail
Do I need to change the name on green card or can I just apply for citizen ship in one step? I'm looking for immigration lawyer. I was married to US citizen for almost 7 years
Can a person get a divorce without the other party signing? Can a person get a divorce without the other party signing?
What can I do put a stop to a property dispute? I live in Tampa
How long does it take to get a divorce? I need to know how long does it take to get a divorce?
Is will needed if both spouses' names on all possessions? Do we need a will if my husband and I are both on everything we own? He says a will would just take time to probate.
Am I entitled to any benefits if I lived with my boyfriend for 3 years? I have lived with my boyfriend for 3 years. Am I entitled to any benefits?
What can I do if the real estate agent won't give me my money back after I invested my 401k? I invested my 401k with a real estate agent in something called promissory notes to get money monthly and now he closed down his office and doesn't want to pay my money back. What can I do? I need help.
Will it count against me if I move out on my wife if we get a divorce? Will it count against me if I move out on my wife if we get a divorce?
What would be the first steps I need to take in order to transfer my mother closer to me once he dies? My mother has Alzheimer's
Can a corporation represent itself? can a corporation represent itself in Washington state?
What's the rules for tax regulations? Is it legal to claim one of your children on your tax return if you're divorced and have 3 children with your current spouse?
What can I do legally to get paid past commissions ($200K) from the company I work for
Permitted by legal rights to move with my child support? I am separated from my husband and have been for almost a year now. I am going after full custody in the divorce. If I stay in the state of Florida as long as I have full custody
What action to take when website selling images wants to settle? I used an image from a website who is in the business of selling rights managed
What steps do i need to change my ex-husband's physical custody of our children? My ex-husband has physical custody of our children
how long do I have if I got a eviction notice in the mail for unpaid rent? I got a notice of eviction in the mail for unpaid rent. How long do I have? What should I do?
If I drive from my home to first client of the day
If something is given to me
Possible to fire an employee if they say that they have a gun in the house even though he's joking? Is it possible to fire an employee if they say that they have a gun in the house even though he's joking to his co-worker?
Is it the landlord's responsibility to provide an alternative source for the tenants? If your landlord is having plumbing work done and you are going to unable to use your bathroom for 7-10 days
What do I do if the employer that contracted me is late in paying an invoice? What do I do if the employer that contracted me is late in paying an invoice (2 days and counting past the 30 day window)? They are now in breach of contract. Do I need a new contract? Should I put a late penalty in my next invoice? If
What can I do if I can't find a job when someone is taking legal action against me? I just got a letter saying they are going to take legal action if i can't pay. I owe $27
Questions on being the executor? My aunt just passed away
Can my employer tell me that I can't talk to any of my coworkers? Can my employer tell me that I can't talk to any of my coworkers about the reason of my 3-day suspension?
Is it legal to lower my pay if I do the rule of a med tec all day?  I'm a lpn on a personal care unit
If our one year lease is up
In the event of a divorce is the husband entitled to any part of the property if his name is not on the deed? My daughter is on the deed with her father on the house & property
How to get money after winning small claims judgement? I recently won a small claims judgement for $5
Anything I can do if my daughter has hurt her foot and her father is not following doctor's orders? I live in Florida. My children are having their summer visit with their father. My daughter has hurt her foot and the doctor has told us to keep her off of her foot as much as possible and to get her crutches so she is not walking on it. But her father is not following doctor's orders and is taking her to do several activities that she has to stand and use her foot. Is there anything I can do?
If a person has been labeled as unstable
Is it legal to drink alcohol on your own property in PA? Is it legal to drink alcohol on your own property in PA?
Can I have a lien put on property for money owed? Someone owes me $100
Question on elder law? Elder Law Question: Setting up a caregiver agreement allows a reductions in assets over time.  Can an agreement be made stating that instead of a salary being given to the caregiver
Do you still have to do a divorce with children or can it be done without children? when getting a divorce
What do I do if my last employer won't give me my last week's worth of work pay? I just quit my job. The place was paying me without taking out any taxes
What are my rights if I was discharged from my live-in position and have no where to live? Hello
If never served with a change of custody order can they take kids out of country without permission? If you were never served with a change of custody order can they take your kids out of country without your permission?
What is the best course of action if a debt collector is trying to serve me papers? A debt collector is trying to serve me papers. What is my best course of action?
What can I do if I am pregnant and my employer denies my request for a transfer? I work in a detention center for a police department. I am currently 10 weeks pregnant. I have expressed my concerns able the possibilities of being assaulted by a prisoner or getting an airborne diease. A few employees have gotten TB from here and I know if I get it while pregnant
What other options do I have to get my money back? I am trying to get a refund of my deposit on a house I was renting.  The owner refuses to give it back although the property was left in better shape than when we moved in.  He lives in another state and I cannot take him to small claims court.  What other options do I have to get my money back?
If i filed for custody could I be granted sole legal and physical custody? I have a question regarding getting custody of my daughter. She is currently 4 months old
What to do if I would like to put a lean on someone's home or any value? What to do if I would like to put a lean  on a someone's home or any value?
Is my uncle able to take the house away from my grandparents if he threatens with embezzlement? My uncle is trying to take my grandparents house away. He sent conviction notices to the house saying they have 60 days to get out or he is charging my aunt with embezzlement of my grandpa. The house is under my mother's name. Are they able to to take the house away?
Any recourse if I was overcharged by a plumbing company? I was overcharged by a plumbing company
I have a paid up time share. Can I just not pay maintenance fees and walk away from it? I cannot sell it or give it away.
Is there statute of limitations for supplier debt? I had a business that was set up as an S Corp.  The sellers of the business offered seller financing.  We defaulted on that loan and they took the business back to satisfy the remaining balance.  I had sever supplier debts outstanding that were never paid.  I received a lawsuit today from one of the suppliers that are suing for $7.000.  According to their filing
Do I have a case against my former roommate for backed rent from when he moved out? I signed a lease to an apartment with a couple. They broke up and the girl moved out. The guy moved out shortly after and left me with all the rent and utility bills to pay alone. I stayed for a couple months after but eventually couldn't afford it alone and lost the apartment. Now the apartment has turned the debt over to collections and were being sued. My former roommate told me he was going to pay both mine and his portion because he knew he was wrong leaving me. Now he has changed his mind and says hes going to pay it and take me to small claims court. Do i have a case against him for backed rent from when he moved out? Does he have a case against me?
 If a dad pays child support does that mean you have to let him see his kids?
Can two dealers be in same territory?  In Louisiana
My friend cut his finger at work really bad. The owner of the restaurant said that he would pay the days he would be off. He was off a week and a half now. They did not pay him for those days and my friend is illegal. He doesn't have papers or have a work permit. What can he do?
Can I sue my boss for defamation of character? Can I sue my boss for defamation of character?
Can the father take me to court for back support if my son has been living with me for about a year? My son will be 20 in June and he has been living with me a little over a year. His father had custody and now he is taking me to court for back support. Can he do that?
If a parent with half custody dies
If I find a picture online that I want to copy and use in a book that I'm writing (I cannot find the name of the photographer who took the picture)
Can a bank leave a voice mail detailing your returned checks
Incorporating my LLC in Las Vegas? I have some questions about incorporating my LLC in Las Vegas?
Do I have to give my boyfriend a notice when we have no written agreement and he helps me with the bills? I own my home. My boyfriend is living with me. He is giving me money to help with bills. I want him to move out. Do I have to give him notice? We have no written agreement.
Legal to ask how much money you made at your previous job during an interview? Legal to ask how much money you made at your previous job during an interview?
Can your work go against child custody agreements for working hours? Can your place of employment go against child custody agreements for working hours?
Can manager take the money I paid for my HOA dues to pay for toilet repair
Is it legal if I signed a purchase order today at a car dealership and gave them a deposit on a vehicle and they sold it two hours later to someone else? Is it legal if I signed a purchase order today at a car dealership and gave them a deposit on a vehicle and they sold it two hours later to someone else?
How much can a manager increase your rent of an apartment?  How much can a manager increase your rent of an apartment?
Do I need a lawyer to receive a settlement for my surgery? I work for the school district. I have had surgery on my shoulder and want to know if I need a lawyer to receive a settlement. So far they have paid for everything. But I have lost almost five months of searching for a full time job do to my accident.
Am I financially responsible for my daughter if she has a son
Can Connecticut paving construction companies ask for a higher price t Can Connecticut paving construction companies ask for a higher price than what is on the contract if unexpected problems arise?
marriage question I live in NJ and got married in NY. Does NJ recognize my gay marriage as anything?
Possible to reopen my case with another lawyer if he didn't tell me all the options? Okay I have a lawyer. And I feel like they didn't take care of my case like they should of cause he was telling me that the insurance company won't offer but 11
Is there a law about a grace period of seven minutes? Is there such a law in California stating about having a grace period of seven minutes either to be early to work or late or is that something just with the company I work for?
When using brackets around a signature on a contract
Can I get commission on my off day?  I sell cars in Illinois. Can the owner take away my commission for not coming in on my day off to finish the delivery of a car?
Does my sister's POA status end when our father died without a will? My dad died without a will. My sister had the power of attorney while he was alive. Does that end now?  Are we allowed to sell the house and furniture?
If I owe an apartment $400 can they place a judgement against me? If I owe an apartment $400 can they place a judgement against me?
Can i be sued for liable or slander if I call or refer to someone as a liar and/or incompetent? Can i be sued for liable or slander if I call or refer to someone as a liar and/or incompetent?
How can I evict a live in boyfriend? Have a live in boyfriend that refuses to move out of my house. I live in Georgia. We have lived in this house almost 4 years. He does get mail at this address and nothing is in his name. How can I evict him? Does he have any rights to my house?
If my landlord short sales her house and bank approves
Can I sell roommate's belongings if he has not paid rent or been home for 30 days? I have a roommate
Should we liquidate or set up some kind of trust if we want to protect our Mom's assets in the event she enters a nursing home? We would like to know how to protect Moms assets in the event she enters a nursing home. Should we liquidate or set up some kind of trust? My brother and sister have power of atty. although they are unsure what would be the best way to protect her assets.
Obtaining citizenship in Canada. If an American woman gives birth to a child in Canada
How do I copyright idea for TV show or movie? How do I copyright an idea for a TV show or movie?
Do I have a claim against my uncle who had power of attorney and sold the estate before settling my father's part of the estate? My father died about 4 years ago. my uncle had power of attorney but sold the estate before settling my father's part of the estate.  Do I have a claim against him?
How do I get sole custody of my son?  If my son's grandmother took my son and I'm the legal guardian
What is the procedure and costs to add by hyphenated the last name of my child? What is the procedure and costs to add by hyphenated the last name of my child? We were not married and father lives in another state and has not seen the child for (10yrs ). It would be in my daughter's best interest for her last name to be as mine.
What do I do if my work overworks me and charges me for the insurance & not documenting it? I work a minimum of 45 hours a week for a small LLC. I work 6 days a week. I am the only person in my office that is required to work ALL holidays
Can I withhold rent if my landlord broke into my home and damaged my property? Can I withhold rent if my landlord broke into my home and damaged my property?
Can an employer require someone to be on stand-by for work and not get paid for it?  Can an employer require someone to be on stand-by for work and not get paid for it? Also does a person have to be on stand-by for 4 days over a holiday with out pay unless going in to work?
If I work for a business which is headquartered in MA
What to do if I voluntarily let a truck go back & they have already sold it for less than I owe? What to do if I voluntarily let a truck go back & they have already sold it for less than I owe?
How do I file for joint custody? I recently split up with my baby's mom and I really am worried she might not let me see my daughter. I want to file for joint custody. I was wondering how would I go about doing so?
Once I start paying rent in my parents' household
How can I waive a late cancellation fee?
Are verbal agreements binding and legal in the state of MA? Are verbal agreements binding and legal in the state of MA?
Regain my medical rights as a father if court gave mother rights after I started immunizations? Court gave mother medical rights after I started immunizations. Is there anyway to regain my medical rights as a father? I reside in San Diego
Can I collect if I fell down accidentally in the porch of my house? I have accident insurance. I fell down accidentally in the porch of my house . The accident caused compression fracture of my L3-L4 vertebra. I work part time job. I am unable to work since May 28
What to do if I had a slip and fall on the 7-9-2012 at the place where i volunteer at? What to do if I had a slip and fall on the 7-9-2012 at the place where i volunteer at?
If I file for divorce & receive sole custody of my child
Does employer have to pay semi-monthly paycheck to employee by law in California? Does employer have to pay semi-monthly paycheck to employee by law in California? How do I know which Gov. department is? If the employer has less than 5 employees
Question regarding a custody battle between my boyfriend and his ex-mother-in-law? My boyfriend and his ex-mother-in-law are involved in a custody dispute with him being awarded temporary full custody of the kids. Twice now when she drops the boys off after her weekend visit the cops have been called. She also says she contacted DCF and the police about a bruise on one of the kids that we have no idea how it has happened. My question is can i file a restraining order against her for me and my 3 kids so that she cannot come near me or my kids. I do not want my kids exposed to her verbally abusive person.
What should I do if I need to get my son legitimized and I don't have the money to pay a lawyer? I need to get my son legitimized and I don't have the money to pay a lawyer. What should I do?
Does a U.S. Citizen have to pay any type of tax on capital gain realized on the sale of a house in Peru if he has already paid all taxes to the Peruvian Authorities on the sale? Does a U.S. Citizen living in the state of Georgia have to pay any type of  tax on capital gain realized on the sale of a house in Peru (South America) if he has already paid  all taxes to the Peruvian Authorities on the sale?  Is their double taxation on this completed transaction?
What to do when a homeowner accuses me of not performing the project when I did it 16 times? I was contracted to build and install custom cabinets for a homeowner. After constructing the cabinetry the owner stove and changing the complete design
Am I allowed to live with my cousin who is my father's power of attorney?  I am 16 and I want to live with my father now
If I was in an car accident and it was the other person's fault
Does some have the right to give me a lie detector test? Does some have the right to give me a lie detector test?
Is legal to be paid straight for overtime? Is legal to be paid straight for overtime?
If I buy a vehicle with a cosigner do they have any rights over the vehicle as long as I'm making payments? If I buy a vehicle with a cosigner do they have any rights over the vehicle as long as I'm making payments?
Is it a violation of my HIPAA rights for sharing my private med procedures to the wrong insurance which in turn sent the denial form to my ex
Can a company legally require you to have your paycheck direct deposited only in bank that they use? Can a company legally require you to have your paycheck direct deposited only in the bank that they use?
Am I legally divorced after being legally separated 7 years? Am I legally divorced after being legally separated 7 years?
Can married couple jointly own property
What should I do if my tenant left damaged carpet after moving out? My tenant moved out after four years. The carpet was new when the originally tenant moved in. Now
How to buy a house? How to buy a house?
What do I need to do to get my daughter back if I have temporary custody to my father? I gave temporary custody of my daughter to my father and now I want to know what I need to do to get her back?
Question regarding being in the dentist office? I was in the dentist office and as I was getting my teeth fixed she put a hole in my teeth and now i have to take pain pills for the pain.
Can mortgage be sold to another mortgage company without consent? Is it legal to sell my mortgage to another mortgage company without my consent?
What is the time limit to file a lawsuit? What is the time limit to file a lawsuit?
Question regarding a moving company move my stuff from MA to FL with damages? I had a moving company move me from MA to FL.  I have been trying to get in touch with them for 1 1/2 weeks now with no one calling me back.  I received my furniture finally but some of it is broken and one item is in pieces due to the mover dropping it off the back of the truck.  Also my family heirloom china is completely smashed.  I am still waiting on 2 credits from them.  What can I do?
Can I remove the last name of my ex when I remarry? I still have my ex husband last name. Can I remove his last name when I remarry again?
What are my options to have my neighbor cut or remove their tree that is crossing my property line? My neighbor's tree is crossing my property line. I would like for them to cut the branches or remove the tree. What are my options?
Can the father make us move back to Florida if he signed the birth certificate?  I had my daughter at 16 and her father signed the birth certificate. He has not been apart of her life since she was born. We have not went to court for child support or paternity. I just recently moved out of state an he all of a sudden starts to care. Can he get rights to my daughter? Can he make us move back to Florida? Can I get in trouble for moving with my family?
In FL can your employer confiscate tips in order to pay inventory shortages? In Florida can your employer confiscate tips in order to pay inventory shortages? I work at a small business in Florida and something my employers have recently begun doing is confiscating our tips in order to pay for inventory shortages. Although we have never seen these shortages
What is my recourse if I've hurt my neck in a car accident? I have hurt my neck in a card accident. What is my recourse?
Are we required to pay royalties each time we sing purchased songs and use the video in our services? Our Church purchased the video versions of songs to be used within our services.  We do not plan to utilize these videos for any broadcast
How do I file charges against a person for destroying mailbox? My mailbox was hit by a vehicle
Is there a way a father can get out of child support? Is there a way a father can get out of child support?
Could it be a lawsuit if the doctor gave me meds I didn't need and I became sick and depressed? The doctor gave me meds I didn't need. After the fact
What is the proper amount I can sue if I cut my foot at a bank? I cut my foot at a bank and receive 3 stitches. What is the proper amount I can sue for?
Should a product be patent first of copyright first? Should a product be patent first of copyright first?
What to do if the man who I bought the car from won't fix my car when it broke the same day I bought it? I bought a car and the same day it broke down and the man I bought doesn't want to help fix and I have receipts of my money I gave him. What can I do? Please help me
What can I do if my statute of limitations is 3 years and there's confusion on who caused the accident? I was involved in an auto accident. I filed a claim. I had several witnesses. I was told by the adjuster that the identified person was not the one who caused the accident due to my witness description of her and the vehicle. The tag info was traced and she was identified as person. My statute of limitations is 3 years. What can I do?
What are the laws regarding service dogs in California? What are the laws regarding service dogs in the state of California?
What constitutes legal retention of a lawyer? What constitutes legal retention of a lawyer?
Can you get fired after being hired because you're a convicted felon? Can you get fired after being hired because you're a convicted felon?
Do I have the right to sue if my boyfriend drowned at a city pool cause the lifeguards were negligent? My boyfriend of 1.5 years passed away from an accidental drowning at the city pool. The lifeguards were negligent. Do I have the right to sue since Al honors common law?
How would I go about fixing an immigration status? I am an American citizen and I am married to a Cuban who lost his residency in 1996 due to a drug charge which he served 10 months in Texas. I am not sure what the charge is but i do know it is NOT trafficking. He is currently on immigration probation which he reports every 2 months to immigration. I wanted to know how would I go about fixing his immigration status?
What to do if a landlord gives a tenant constant grief? my daughter has a rude landlord who comes by whenever she wants and cuts trees and bushes down. She gives them grief about the recycles in containers on the porch
In the state of Colorado
Can I be hired as an hourly employee for the business?   For the past 3 years I have been a sole proprietor for a dance instruction company.  This year I have changed to an LLC with 1 additional owner/manager.  Our duties are clearly defined (she handles recitals
What do I do if the plaintiff has evidence contradicting the original contract? I am a small time contractor being sued in civil court because a home owner claims my work was not up to par. He turned in a copy of his contract (exhibit 2) and on his contract he has written things that are not written on the original contract. It seems like the plaintiff is trying to slip something in here. What do I do now/next?
What is the legal age to contract in the state of MI? What is the legal age to contract in the state of MISSISSIPPI?
How am I able to get my good faith money back if the contract is cancel? How am I able to get my good faith money back if the contract is cancel?
Setting visitation days for children's father. I have legal and physical custody of my two children (4 and 8). Their father has reasonable rights to visitation. Do I have the right to tell him his visitation has to be for set times and days?
How can I reverse my residence to just myself? I put my residence in mine and my three of age children. They signed no paperwork. How can I reverse this back to just myself?
What is the copyright issue if I need to use images of the wives of several famous historical figures? I need to use images of the wives of several famous historical figures. What is the copyright issue
Can state take back child support from inmate's money account? Can the state take money from a jail inmate's money account for back child support?
Can I sue for fraudulently selling me something he did not own when he had a lien on the land? I bought a piece of land with a contract stating it was owned free and clear. I bought a home and put on the land
Is it legal to be working 12 days in a row? I am the general manager of a restaurant in Georgia and have been working 55 - 70 hours or more a week. Right now I have worked 12 days in a row and I will be looking at working close to a month without a full day off. Is this legal?
Can my employer deduct the cost of having the locks changed from my paycheck? I am a salary employee and I lost my work keys. Can my employer deduct the cost of having the locks changed from my paycheck?
What recourse do I have for continued harassment by a coworker? A coworker has named me in a lawsuit against our employer alleging I conspired with superiors to prevent her from performing. Do I have any recourse?
is a proxy responsible for financial obligations related to health care of family member? is a proxy responsible for financial obligations related to health care of family member?
Am I allowed to not pay my rent until the air conditioner problem is solved? I live in an apartment in Riverside
If a lawyer knows their client does not pay taxes to the IRS
How long can they after child support after the child is over 21? How long can they after child support after the child is over 21?
Legal for my work to hold my paycheck unless I sign a contract? My employer is telling me that I can't receive my paycheck unless I sign a contract they have given me. I don't want to sign as I will be leaving this job soon. Can they do that?
Advantageous to register an LLC in the name of the website? A friend and I are starting a website
How can a non-US citizen come to and set up a small business in the US? How can a non-US citizen come to and set up a small business in the US?
Is it legal for another woman who is dating your child's father to post pictures on Facebook? Is it legal for another woman who is dating your child's father to post pictures on Facebook?
How can I get the agreement enforced if my ex refuses? As apart of my divorce agreement there is a Qualified Domestic relations Order (Q-Dro)
What can I expect for financial settlement since everything is on my husband's name?  I've been married for 6years and it's both our second marriage. Since we got married
 I recently got pulled over for driving on a suspended license for the third time technically? Haven't gone to court for this ticket. My question is should I go get my licenses before my court for this issue?
Who do I turn in my video footage of my wife who needs baker acted to? Who do I turn in my video footage of my wife who needs baker acted to?
Can an employer stop you from getting employment insurance? Can an employer stop you from getting employment insurance?
What legal advice is available for women in NY? What legal advice is available for women in NY?
What is the legal age for kids to be watching other kids alone and at night? What is the legal age for kids to be watching other kids alone and at night?
Can a person file a scheduling order of divorce from their sons ex's for custody of a child they had? Can a person file a scheduling order of divorce from their sons ex-girlfriend (they were never married) for custody of a child they had in common?
What happens when a person on probation gets a police report filed on them? What happens when a person on probation gets a police report filed on them?
Can my previous Landlord charge me for a kitchen faucet that he claims was cracked and needed to be replaced?  Can my previous Landlord charge me for a kitchen faucet that he claims was cracked and needed to be replaced? (the fixture was 6 years old)
Legal if my company to schedules 48 plus hours a week for the past 3 years? I am a salaried employee. My company schedules us 48 plus hours a week for the past 3 years. Is this legal?  I am changing companies and want to know if I am entitled to past overtime wages?
What are my options if my estranged wife has filed for divorce? My estranged wife has filed for divorce in Florida.  My residence is NY.  What are my options and what legal cost would be associated with each options?Thank you.
Am I legally entitled to rest breaks if I'm a part-time employee at a winery and are given 30 mins for lunch? I am a part-time employee at a winery.  We are given 30 mins for lunch if worked 6 hrs.  However
Is it true that a couple must be legally separated of 6 months before obtaining a divorce? In the state of Colorado
Can you be terminated from a job in one state for something that was done in another state?  Can you be terminated from a job in one state for something that was done in another state? I was a CNA in Texas in 1997 and my CNA license was revoked. I now work at Walgreens and they have suspended me because of it. This was 15 years ago. Why am I being punished?
What papers does my family need to carry if they come with my old employer VISA? My H1 VISA and H4 VISA Stamping for family (spouse and kid) was done last year. but I came here alone with out my family on H1 and i have shifted my company after coming here.  Can my family travel to US with same H4 VISA  (my old employer) along with my copy of new approved petition or do they need to go for fresh stamping again with my new approved petition? What documents do they need to carry if they come with my old employer VISA? Please let me know.
How can I go about receiving book value for the vehicle
If I fell in Walmart on something on the floor am I entitled to a settlement from them? If I fell in Walmart on something on the floor am I entitled to a settlement from them?
Do I have to go get the car and bring it back to Dallas when I don't want the car? I got a title loan in Texas and my boyfriend ran off to California with the car and left it in some apts and now it's been towed. I don't want the car and am surrendering it to title max. Now the title max says they are not going to California to pick up car that I'm liable for it . Do I have to go get it and bring it back to Dallas when I don't want the car?
Can the grandparents get custody of the child if they are taken away from CPS? If CPS takes away a child from unfit parents
Do I need to get an LLC in every state that I sell to?  I am a resident in Iowa
Question regarding my landlords trying to evict me for non-payment? My landlords trying to evict me for non payment. I have paid the money and its not recorded on the paperwork as being paid. What do I do?
What to do if my son is now 16 and wants to live with me but I live in another state? What to do if my son is now 16 and wants to live with me but I live in another state?
What are my rights for managing apartment for free rent where landlord wants rent? I have been managing my apartment building for five month in exchange for free rent. I have personally spent a good amount of money on repairs for other tenants. My landlord now wants his rent money but won't reimburse me for the repairs. What is my legal right?
If I signed papers and now the papers are coming back at me stating another thing
Can a business charge a service on past due balances of accounts that they sell to? Can a business in New York State charge a service charge on past due balances of accounts that they sell to?
When my organization hires a person (not as an employee) to do a specific task
What form(s) do I need to fill out to change the custody order?  The final judgement of dissolution of marriage was completed back in 2004 with my ex (she)
If a wife receives 14% of her husband's retirement pay
Can a landlord terminate your lease because he sold the building? Can a landlord terminate your lease because he sold the building?
What happens if father dies with no will and other siblings say his personal items were gifted to them just prior to his death? What happens if father dies with no will and other siblings say his personal items were gifted to them just prior to his death? It is just their word about this. Are these items part of his estate?Also
Question about holding rent concerning hot water knob? Is it okay to hold rent if you have reported your bath tubs hot water knob and won't turn off the water anymore? The landlord says to just turn my hot water off there and there is nothing she can do.
Is it possible that the Defendant claims that his corporate in-house lawyer should be reimbursed as part of the costs? I was the losing plaintiff in a small claims case. Both parties were represented pro se. The Defendant claims that his corporate in-house lawyer should be reimbursed as part of the costs. Is this possible?
Can I sign my kids over to my sister to get them out of foster care in Arizona? Can I sign my kids over to my sister to get them out of foster care in Arizona?
What can we do to get the car back? I made car payments for my dad and the person who the car is actually under will not give the pink slip to my dad after all the payments have been made. The car owner signed a document that we typed up
I own a house.   My son lives there free.  He rented a room to a co-worker.  This renter has started smoking marijuana.  My son has told him to stop or get out.   My 8 year old granson lives there also.  How can we get this renter out?
Options if I'm in a house that went through a forecloser & the owner is trying to get me in 21 days? Options if I'm in a house that just went through a forecloser and the new owner is trying to get me it in 21 days?
Do I need a will or can I have a power of attorney? I live in Colorado and own a home.  I want to know if I need to have a will
If I verbally tell my employer that I am going to submit my two weeks down the road
Right to get out of the lease if the toilet overflowed with no copy of the lease? I moved into a Florida apartment complex less than a month ago. I signed the lease but did not get copy. The following week I had my toilet over flow and bowl came up the tub as well. Do I have a right to get out of this lease?
Are you legally responsible for paying back a former girlfriend for a gift of 2 airline flights after breaking up? Are you legally responsible for paying back a former girlfriend for a gift of 2 airline flights after breaking up?
is it illegal for a farmer to pay workers under the table? is it illegal for a farmer to pay workers under the table?
How to get an annulment? I recently got married a few months ago in the state of Georgia. I was wanting to get an annulment since there is no children and assets with this person and wanted to know how can it be done?
Legal for a high school teacher to ask for social security and birth certificate number? My son is a junior in high school in the state of Virginia. His teacher wants him to prepare a folder for her that contains questions such as what is your social security number
How to collect child support from a person you know works without using their social security number? How to collect child support from a person you know works without using their social security number?
As a landlord am I responsible to the tenant to take care of pest control situations? As a landlord am I responsible to the tenant to take care of pest control situations after the tenant has been there for 7 months?
Question regarding a dispute with our landlord? I am renting a room with my fiance in Hayward
What should I do if I don't want to be going through probation again?  I work in a medical warehouse and lately
What are the chances of someone getting out of jail that has 3 misdemeanors and one felony charges? What are the chances of someone getting out of jail that has 3 misdemeanors and one felony charges?
If we cancel the lease can we get our security deposit back? A landlord said they would fix several items if we sign a new 1 year lease. So we signed the lease in Oct 2011 and a handyman was sent out shorty after but he was not capable to do any repairs. Here we are almost 5 months later and she reported to us she could not afford to do them. If we cancel the lease can we get our security deposit back??
Can I be forced to work past 12 hours including my 30 min lunch? I'm in California and work for Frito Lay. Can I be forced to work past 12 hours including my 30 min lunch?
Origin of right to privacy? How did right #12 (The right to privacy) become a right?
Can a regular employee in CO be let go because they have cancer and are unable to work? Can a regular employee in Colorado be let go because they have cancer and are unable to work?
Wife will not let me see daughters after separation. My wife and I have been seperated since July. Since this time she has not allowed me to see or spend time with my 2 daughters. What can I do?
How can I get my money back if a supplier is not cooperating? I have a problem with a supplier who I paid in advance for goods which have not been delivered. The supplier's bank account has been frozen. How can I get my money back?
Is there a requirement to be physically separated before filing for divorce in the state of Indiana? Is there a requirement to be physically separated before filing for divorce in the state of Indiana? When does the clock start on the cooling off period?
How do I file for divorce? I have 3 children and want to file for divorce. What is my first step?
Commercial lease in Florida question? I signed a commercial lease in Florida on Jan 19th. Approximately 5 weks later the building was sold to a new owner. Now the new property manager is implementing new policies and fees not agreed to in the lease I signed. Is this legal or does the new owner have to honor the lease I signed?
Legal if my wife trained a waitress so she can work with her boyfriend who is a cook? My wife works in one of the best restaurants in schdy. She has been there for 5 years. A better shift has come up and my wife is next in line in seniority to get it. The owners want to give the shift to a waitress my wife trained so she can work with her boyfriend who is a cook. This is our livelihood that these owners are playing with.This can't be legal? Can they do this?
Can I sue my company for applying pressure to stop a vendor from hiring me? Can I sue my company for applying pressure to stop a vendor from hiring me? I have been trying unsuccessfully for 10 months to attain a fair market adjustment for the job I am doing. They were not willing or able to give me the title and salary commensurate with the job I am doing
Can a recorded conversation be used against me in a domestic violence case? In California
Would I have to take my name off the deed first if I want to do a living trust without my name? My mom and I are on the deed to her house and I want to do living trusts without my name. Would I have to take my name off the deed first?
Will my husband be responsible for the half of debt I own for the house? I live in Santa Clara
How do I reduce the Child Support and get rid of the Alimony?  I lost my job in April. And recently got a job. When I was with Winn- Dixie . I was court order to  $503.00 in Child support. I know longer work for that Company. I was wrongfully Fired. I made 22 dollars an hour with Winn- Dixie. I now make 11 dollars an Hour. and I don't get 40 hours a week. I can't pay the court order amount.  I'm also court ordered to pay Alimony for my Ex-wife to attend School
What is the easiest way to proceed if I want to get married to my American boyfriend as I'm Canadian? My boyfriend and I are interested in getting married. I am 18 years old and I am 18 years old and about to start I university. The problem is I am a Canadian citizen while he is an American citizen. We are interested in moving to Toronto where I can still continue my education while being married. What is the easiest legal way to proceed?
I just received a bill from my ex-landlord after moving out 5 months ago. He is charging me for shampooing the carpet and then he bought new
Can a penalty be charged for late rent?  In  Massuchusetts can a penalty be charged for late rent payment if paid by the 4th when due on first?
Does my estranged husband have to pay his wife back the monies he kept from her after the filing of the divorce? When your husband leaves you and he's the sole income
On what basis do I value his membership interests if he withdraws from the company? My Co-Founder and I have added a third member to our Delaware LLC. We have given him minority ownership interests and are drawing up a new Operating Agreement. Since he is basically an Advisor
If I share custody with my ex
Would I be able to sue the university since they wrongfully disqualified me? The dean of my university disqualified me from the university and stated that she did so based on the catalog. After looking at the catalog and reading the policy on disqualification
If my child is not in the country do I still have to pay child support? If my child is not in the country do I still have to pay child support?
Does one illegal agreed-to statement in contract void entire contract? If in a contract
Can I sell my deceased husband's car which is in his name without any problems? Can I sell my deceased husband's car which is in his name without any problems?  Do I sign my name or his name?  If I keep the car
What are my legal options if I can't afford to pay on my debt?  I am trying to make arrangements to pay on a debt
Is it legal to award such virtual shares to contributors?  Since our site is going to be filled with the content generated by users
Why would a tenant not want a rent receipt from landlord? Why would a tenant not want a rent receipt from landlord?
If I were to run a tournament of some sort and charged an entry fee is it legal to pay out cash prizes? If I were to run a tournament of some sort and charged an entry fee is it legal to pay out cash prizes?
What is longest time a tenant must give the landlord notice when the initial lease agreement is about to end? What is longest time a tenant must give the landlord notice when the initial lease agreement is about to end?
What do I have to do to get custody of my niece? What do I have to do to get custody of my niece?
If I separate from my military husband
Can I represent my LLC (or whatever legal structure) by myself all the time?  We own several houses in Maryland where which we rent out.  We believe we may be exposing ourselves to liability by not creating an LLC or some other entity that limits our exposure. But we're concerned that if we create some legal entity
Can I file for divorce in New York if we got married in the Caribbean? my husband and I were married in the Caribbean. We reside  in New York. Can I file for divorce in the Caribbean? Would it be legal in New York?
Anything I can do if my neighbor's dog barks a lot and then the neighbor yell? My neighbor's dog barks a lot and then the neighbor yell.  Is there anything I can do?
Question regarding a grandmother asked to be evicted? I moved to an apartment 1.5 yrs ago. My complex was sold last year. My rent has always been paid on time or ahead of time. I received a voice-mail and letter in my mail that I have 30 days to move due to the business in the front need to expand.  I also received a reg letter to the same. I am a single grand-mother and have no idea how I'm suppose to  get first last and security in 30 days. Do I have any kind of rights? I've never been evicted before
How do I start to become a lawyer? I'm a student looking for some answers for a project at school. My dream job is to become a family lawyer but I don't know what to do or where to go to start this dream. If you can send me schools
Can the transferring of a living trust done without the guidance of an attorney? My parents have a living trust already made and the property is on the sample living trust.  Now they wish to transfer their title to their two sons. Is there a need to hire an attorney to carry out this procedure?  or Can it be done without the guidance of an attorney?
How to complete non-compete with my partner? I forming LLC where myself and a partner will be building a website.  My partner will have responsibility for building the website while I will have all sales
If I accept a check for rent and security deposit
Can I copy something for a staff meeting that has a 1994 copyright but the company no longer exists?
Once you receive a Motion to Dismiss with Prejudice can a case be opened again?  Once you receive a Motion to Dismiss with Prejudice can a case be opened again?  We have a signed order from the judge that was submitted in 2008 but had an attorney send a letter in July 2012 saying we did not comply with requirements and that he was requesting a hearing and was going to charge all fees to us.  How can a lawsuit ever be over if this is allowed to continue?
Which course of action can we take if a client stopped paying for services? We are a small Lawn/Landscape corp. business. We have a client (he is also a landscaper
If the mother of my child doesn't want me to see my kid do i have to pay child support? If the mother of my child doesn't want me to see my kid do i have to pay child support?
Are remodels done considered community property if my wife bought before our marriage? Are remodels done during a marriage on a house my wife bought before our marriage considered community property? And what about mortgage payments on said house during our marriage?
Is it illegal for a mother to sleep in the same bed as her 10 year old boy in Denver
How do I recover the money from a guy who had my money since November 2009? A contractor owed me over 10k for work he didn't start. So he agreed to make payments in checks. He worked me two
How can we have our case handled as an annulment
Illegal in NC to do readings
Is the husband or the biological father legally bound to support a child? Who is legally bound to support a child born to a married woman the husband or biological father divorce not final until the following year?
Lawsuit after death My mom injured someone in an auto accident & that person is now suing her. However she died a month after the accident. Can that person just collect from her insurance company and not her estate?
What are my rights in pay and benefits if full-time is 30 hours when I work 45 hours a week? I have worked full time at a job for ten years.  On average I have at least 45 hours a week. My company recently indicated that their full time will soon be set at 30 hours.  What are my rights in pay and benefits?
Can the sub-contractor or employee have a case if he claims harassment at work place for getting too much work? Can the sub-contractor or employee have a case if he claims harassment at work place for getting too much work?
Based off of my concerns with my divorce
person gave me a check and never intended to honor it I was renting my building to a company to store their equipment. We had a disagreement
Additional support When I remarry
 Can you charge 1st and last month's rent?
How is an issue of law disposed of in a civil case in California? How is an issue of law
Can you legally quit a one year contract on a lease for renting a house? Can you legally quit a one year contract on a lease for renting a house?
What are the theories of contract laws? What are the theories of contract laws?
Is it legal for a house that has been split into three different units with three different families to be on the same gas and light meter? Is it legal for a house that has been split into three different units with three different families to be on the same gas and light meter?
can an eleven year old stay home by himself for a couple of hours? can an eleven year old stay home by himself for a couple of hours?
What does it mean if my brother is named POA on my mother's will but we both are named trustees? my brother is named power of attorney on my mother's will but we both are named trustees. What does this mean?
Help in drafting the terms of a contract for white labeling software? We are planning to launch a new technology product in a couple of months and we are white labeling the software from another start-up. We would looking for legal help to draft the terms of the contract. Looking forward to getting in touch with a lawyer in the Technology/software space.
Am I required to give a thirty day notice if I move out before thirty days? If given a sixty day notice to terminate tenancy
How much pain medication can I take and still give legal statement? How much pain medication would be too much before I couldn't give a legal statement?
Can I pay my ex an amount so she doesn't touch my pension? My wife is going for half of pension. We are doing the divorce ourselves. Can I pay her an amount so she doesn't touch my pension?
Obligated to pay last month's rent to a landlord that is short selling his home to avoid foreclosure? Are we obligated to pay last month's rent to a landlord that is short selling his home to avoid foreclosure and has not been making mortgage payments? The house is in escrow.Thanks!MY
Can you copy a dvd for home use only? None
How much notice does an employer need to give employee? does an employer have to give employee notice that they do not need them to work on the same day you are to work?  If so how much notice does an employer need to give emloyee?
Illegal for a homeowner to tell the city that they are living in a home when the home is actually vacant? Is it illegal for a homeowner to tell the city of New Orleans
Can an employer make their employees take a major holiday off without pay? Can an employer make their employees take a major holiday off without pay?
How can I sue if a web domain is not guaranteeing my money back after the period passed? Hello
How many years you need to be a resident alien to turn a USA citizen and you're disabled? How many years you need to be a resident alien to turn a USA citizen and you're disabled?
Why is my daughter's license being suspended for 90 days because she was truant from school?   Why is my daughter's license being suspended for 90 days because she was truant from school?  She paid a court fine and graduated.  She needs her car for work so she can pay for college and will need to drive to Community college in the Fall?
Can I file a lawsuit against someone accusing me of something that i don't know about or never said? Can I file a lawsuit against someone accusing me of something that i don't know about or never said?
If I set up a trust
Can my employer fire me without valid reasons? I want to know if my employer can fired me without valid reason. I just started and fired me less than a month. I didn't met my 90 days get or even 30 days.
 If my divorce papers say I waived my alimony can I still get it?
True for me to wait on a settlement if the other parties have to agree to sign? I have a settlement coming up but they're telling me that I have to wait for the other parties to sign and agree on the claim. Is that true?
What is a petition number? What is a petition number?
How can I sue the gas station for cashing my stolen check cause they are saying they don't have a video? Someone stole my check out my mailbox and a sunaco gas station cashed it without my ID or signature. How can I sue the gas station for cashing it cause they are saying they don't have a video?
Can a 30-year-old debt be collected? Can a 30-year-old debt be collected?
Question regarding spousal property petition? My mother-in-law owned a home in LA County. After her 1st husband died she owned the home 100%. Later she remarried and her 2nd husband paid for a room additionWhen they moved to Orange County
How can I get out of a lease agreement if I have not moved in yet in the state of Arkansas? How can I get out of a lease agreement if I have not moved in yet in the state of Arkansas?
Is it considered a legal serve if the deliverer neglected to fill in the delivery date? I received a summons
Can an employer just give a position to an employee or must it be posted for everyone to see and apply for? Can an employer just give a position to an employee or must it be posted for everyone to see and apply for?
Do you have to give tenant a 30 day notice to raise there rent in Burbank
How many hours do I have to cancel a contract on A/C unit replacement? I signed a contract to have an A/C unit replaced on 4-26-12. How many hours do I have to cancel this contract?
If someone is a Trustee Executor of their deceased mothe'rs estate
Can you drive a commercial single axle tractor in the number 2 lane on CA highways? Can you drive a commercial single axle tractor in the number 2 lane on CA highways?
Do I have authority to change the locks at the home if my husband threatens me? my husband and I are separated and have been for 60 days we have not signed papers as of yet. The condo is in my name only and he is threatening to clean the house out when I am out of town next week. Do I have authority to change the locks at the home?
Can I file for unemployment if I left my job and cannot find work elsewhere because of a non-compete agreement? I quit my job 6 months ago because my boss got in my face and called me a f****** idiot. I stayed at work and completed my shift. The next day i asked to speak to him and informed him that I was giving him a 2 week notice and that I would be leaving. He said if you were a man
if my wife refers any clients generated by her DBA to do construction work
What legal action can I take if an online purchase was ripped open with the contents stolen? We recently had a Ipod purchased online for a worth of $88 and the package was ripped open and the contents stolen before it was delivered to us. What legal action can we take?
What to do if I'm on child support for a kid that is not mine? What to do if I'm on child support for a kid that is not mine?
Can I lease my home for a 2-year period? Can I lease my home for a 2-year period?
Is it legal working all day without having our 2 fifteen minutes breaks every day? I would like to know if its legal working all day without having our 2 fifteen minutes breaks every day? The only break that we have is our lunch break. I feel like they treating us as slaves.
As a third owner in a home am I liable for a third of the property tax even if I don't live there? As a third owner in a home am I liable for a third of the property tax even if I don't live there?
On average what's the cost in legal fees to give away equity in our company? On average what's the cost in legal fees to give away equity in our company?
Can my mother cancel within 24 hours if she thought life alert today was monthly? my 85 year old mother signed a contract for life alert today. She thought it was monthly
Can I change work program site court has ordered me at?  I was assigned by the court to do a work program instead of doing ninety day in jail. The work site I was assigned to is impossible to get there. I don't have transportation and there isn't any public transportation to that site. Is it possible to ask the judge if I could change my work site? I have HIV and there is a place that will allow me to work and they are registered with the courts. What advice can you give me? I'm worried and is affecting my health.
How long can a separation last before divorce proceedings follow? How long can a separation last before divorce proceedings follow?
legal for a pregnant woman to drink alcohol in any state?  Is it legal for a pregnant woman to drink alcohol in any state? Specifically in Florida?
Any legal document to protect the company if there are free testings for Malta and beer? I work for a market survey company. If we do a free testing for Malta and beer inside of a supermarket and bar
If you had an unknown injury from years ago and all of a sudden you get into a car accident that wasn't your fault and this injury surfaces
Does the 30 day notice have to be in writing?  Does the 30 day notice have to be in writing? Thanks.
Help with response or money back for an unauthorized charge on my card? On 6/8
Can my mortgage lender keep my insurance check of $8000
Can a buyer cancel a contract for cause? Can a buyer cancel a contract for cause?
What to do if I have a civil judgement on my credit report
Can I be forced to do extra work for free while others are getting paid extra to do the same? Our company has lead techs at each site we are at.  They get 10% increase for the extra duties and responsibility.  I have been doing the lead work for 2 years without the pay.  I recently told my boss i would no longer do the extra work without the pay differential when all other leads are getting it. I was told someone had to do the lead work with or without the pay diff. Can I be forced to do extra work for free while others are getting paid extra to do the same?
If the father does not pay child support do I have to let him have his visitation with her? If the father does not pay child support do I have to let him have his visitation with her?
Can a person in the State of Michigan get a divorce even if the other person doesn't want it? Can a person in the State of Michigan get a divorce even if the other person doesn't want it?
How can I legally freelance with an H1B visa? How can I legally freelance with an H1B visa?
I had some perishable goods that were sent to me from my parents in Nigeria to Shreveport
How long is a non-compete contract good for? How long is a non-compete contract good for?
What is mandatory for breaks in construction site? What is mandatory for breaks in construction site?
Is the power of attorney and my father's estate still in our possession if he did not sign his will? My sister and I had power of attorney for our father in his later years in life of him and his estate.  He has passed but left an unsigned will.  Is the power of attorney and his estate still in our possession?
Can my neighbor attach and cover my entire fence with a tarp?  Can my neighbor attach and cover my entire fence with a tarp? The fence is four foot tall
Is jailed father exempt from grandfather's will in recent death? If my father has been incarcerated
Is there anything I can do if my son's father claimed him on his taxes when he is only with him 65 days a year? My son's father claimed him on his taxes when he doesn't have the right to. He is with him 65 days a year and lives under my roof. Is there anything I can do?
How do you register copyright in the United States? How do you register copyright in the United States?
Can emails and text messages be used in case against contractor in verbal agreement? Under verbal agreement
Legal for your neighbors to install cameras on their house and point them at your property? Is it legal for your neighbors to install cameras on their house
How can I prevent a divorce legally if my husband wants to marry an English woman? My husband wants to marry a lady in England so he can settle in England. That's why he wants to divorce me. How can I prevent this divorce legally? We have been married since 25 years.
Can I still keep my US green card if I work in Canada
Can I use a college's initials on merchandise I create without the college's permission (i.e. University of Minnesota
How do I file to get a change in my custody agreement? I am divorced and share custody with my ex.  I live in CA.  I want to remarry and move to Maine to be with my new spouse.  How do I file to get a change in my custody agreement?  Can I do this myself or do I need to get an attorney?
Does my public middle school have the right to tell me what to wear in regards to uniforms? Hello I am a student at a public middle school in Streamwood Illinois. My school makes students wear uniforms (they call it a dress code) they make us wear a polo and  khaki pants but i don't thank that's really important. Do they have the right to tell me what to wear?
Simultaneously copyrighting multiple individual works consisting of one body of work. Can I copyright several individual works that consist of one body of work all at the same time?
Law that prohibits if a contract is not filled out
If I'm looking for another job should I sign for a severance package or accept pay cut? My company is cutting our wages as of Oct 5
If we divorce will she get half my pension when she continues to work?  I make $80
What happens when you sign a petition and you didn't know what you were signing?  What happens when you sign a petition and you didn't know what you were signing? can you get your name off?
If a tenant moves out
What do I need to keep in mind when building a site for young adults? What do I need to keep in mind/cover if I'm building a site that allows young adults(13-18) to raise funding for their projects? What specific information does my TOS/Privacy Policy need to cover?Can I have young adults register for an account
Can parents forbid grandparent from seeing child? I was just informed by my son and daughter-in-law that I can no longer see my grandson that is 15 months old. There has been a long standing disagreement between my daughter-in-law and myself that has nothing to do with my grandson. Is there any thing legally I can do in Pennsylvania?
What is best way to amend residual investment agreement? What is the best way to amend a residual investment agreement? Actually only one paragraph which increases the residual payment for additional investment funds?
Am I still legally employed when I'm working for a company and I had to have a operation and out on disability? Am I still legally employed when I'm working for a company and I had to have a operation and out on disability?
Must I legally return the gifts my ex bought me? I was given gifts by my boyfriend and now that we've broken up. He wants them back. Must I legally return them?
Would it be possible for me to process a green card under contract job status? I have an offer for contract job from a company. Would it be possible for me to process a green card under contract job status? At the same time
What utilities are a tenant's responsibility for in Phelan
In New York
Can a private buyer sue me for a refund on a car? We sold a Jeep and told the buyer everything about it. It had a leak in the past and it had stopped. After they drove it
Does home deeded to father go to only child or grandfather if no will? My father died without a will 13 years ago when I was a minor. He owned a home and I was his only child. He was not married
Can two felony charges be run separately if under one cause number? My husband has been charged with 2 felony thefts and 2 misdemeanors in Indiana. Can they run these felony charges separate if they are all under one cause number?
Where does wife file response if divorce filed in different county? If the husband files for divorce and custody of minor children in Perry County
Am I allowed to be my own expert witness in State of Louisiana? I am the plaintiff  in a car accident and  I have years of engineering practice and PHD in engineering.I have taught Thermodynamic
what are the necessary steps we need to take to legally adopt my partner's child? My partner and I are a same sex couple. My partner recently had a baby. Now I want to legally adopt the child. What are the necessary steps we need to take to do this?
What do I do if my newborn child was given another newborn's morphine dose? My new born child was given another newborn's morphine dose. What can I do?
Can a lawyer provide the address to me and then can I go with police and get my baby back home? Neither me nor my newborn's father have custodial rights. My son was temporarily placed in the care of his father due to DCF involvement. My son's father refuses me my right for visitation. I don't have the address where my son is. Can a lawyer obtain the address
Question regarding collections from Gold's Gym because I was underage at the time? I signed for golds gym month to month for $40 dollars a month in November 2011. I went in the next month to cancel and to pay for the first month. The employee told me that I owed nothing. I started receiving calls from Gold's gym that I owed money so I called in they told me no once again. So this month I received a call from collections that I owed $500 I spoke with them and they negotiated me to pay $260 to Gold's gym. Their excuse was that I had an account when I was underage under my mother's name and that that account had a zero balance but that this account I still owed.
Legal requirements if my husband is refinancing his condo but I must be on the mortgage as well? My husband purchased a condo before we were married.  Now we are refinancing and the bank is telling us that CA law says I have to be on the mortgage as well.  I want to find out the legal requirements.
What to do if I am being evicted by the new owner because my old landlord lost the property? I am being evicted by the new owner because my old landlord loss the property and I have always pay my rent.
Obtain divorce if I don't know where my wife is? How do I get a divorce if I don't know where my wife is and have not seen her in two years?
Can a beneficiary in an annuity take over ownership when the owner dies? Can a beneficiary in an annuity take over ownership when the owner dies?
Can I bring someone with me not related to the US? Can I bring someone with me not related to the US?
File a response to the summons & petition for divorce if we have no common kids or community property?   Do I have to file a response to the Summons and Petition for Divorce if we have no common children or community property?
How to legally continue LLC if partner leaves? I formed an LLC with my partner and she walked off and said she's no longer doing it. How do I legally continue business without her? Do I dissolve the company and start a new one in just my name? The landlord has already changed the lease.
Will a 813.93(6)(a) conviction make a person deportable? Will a 813.93(6)(a) conviction make a person deportable?
How can I let the public know that a company is not to be trusted? We are a small construction company and were hired to subcontract certain restoration projects and are not being paid for final payments on said projects. How can I let the public know that this company is not to be trusted and does not pay there bills after being paid by an insurance company for the work they sub out to us?
Can a man I'm sharing a house with evict his daughter when I do not? I own a house jointly with a man I am not married to. He wants to evict my 22-year-old daughter and I do not. Can he do this?
What should I do if I was fired from my job under false accusations and embarrassed me? I was fired from my job under false accusations. They embarrassed me and I was searched with nothing. What should I do?
Can alimony be revoked due to unemployment? Can my alimony be revoked because of unemployment?
Do I have any rights to my newborn when the mother gave her my last name? Do I have any rights to my newborn? The mother wouldn't put me on the birth certificate but gave her my last name.
What are my rights if the lease holder has asked me to leave? I'm a tenant. The lease holder has asked me to leave. I'm on good terms with the landlords and am a great tenant. What are my rights?
Boss is not paying me for work. My boss isn't paying me at all for 2 weeks of work. He was late on the 2 previous paychecks
Question regarding the age of consent in Illinois? My question is regarding the age of consent in Illinois. I have heard a lot of things with regard to the age of consent in Illinois. I have heard the age of consent in Illinois is 17.
Will dissolving of the company or companies I once owned and had a non compete agreement with automatically void the non compete agreement upon such dissolution?
What can I do if I've one and a half year in my house lease contract and the contract says no right of early termination but I just lost my job? I have one and a half year in my house lease contract and the contract says no right of early termination but i just lost my job. What can I do?
Does my employer have the right to make me work if I have a doctor's note excusing me from work? Does my employer have the right to make me work if I have a doctor's note excusing me from work?
What legal resources available to company sued in federal court and cannot afford private counsel? I am a consultant to a very small Newark NJ based trucking company being sued in federal district court in Newark.  The company cannot afford private counsel. Where can the company find legal assistance?
I have to go for a status conference Monday. What does it involve and should I be nervous? I have to go for a status conference Monday. What does it involve and should I be nervous?
What action do I have to take next in order to get the ball rolling on my divorce? I filed the default papers for my husband after the 20 days that he had after he was served with the divorce papers. What action do I have to take next in order to get the ball rolling on my divorce?
Question regarding being late on my rent in August? I was late on my rent in Aug. The property management served me with a summons citation judicial unlawful detainer on Aug 15 at 8:30 pm. The next day I researched online what to do after and how to legally respond. On Aug 17 my uncle passed away unexpectedely and I immedietely lost my focus in regards to the eviction. I was focused on dealing with his death and missed the opportunity to respond within the 5 days. On August 31st the sherriff posted a notice to vacate by Sept 6. I have had the money to pay for the late rent including the fees before the month was over. Is there anything I can do to stop this process?
Is there anything we can do to get the money back? My father had made a deal to sell his shares to his partner however he had signed the closing statement papers prior to receiving full payment and now his partner refuses to pay the full amount. My father has a promissory note but that is the only thing that we can use against his partner. His partner refuses to pay because the shares are already transferred to his name
When is the driver of a motor scooter required to have a license?
I signed a contract to a company and later found out that that there was vice president not mentioned in the contract. That is bad for business. Can I get out of this contract?
Do I have the right to let him take the trailer with all the issues? I have a contract to sell a trailer to a man who rents a place for it on my property and also pays the electric for the trailer that goes though my separate shop meter. The trailer was $118.83
Is the marriage valid if someone lies in it? If a person lies about having been married and divorced on a new marriage license
If my spouse who has been unemployed for over 2 years and is now only working 20 hours per week on a commission type of salary and not making his share of expenses monthly
Is it legal for the owner to require us to tip them out?   I work in a restaurant in Utah where the owner sometimes bartends and prepares the drinks for the servers.  Is it legal for them to require us to tip them out?   The hourly wage here is 2.10 an hour and on occasion
Question about gym membership regulations? If a customer pays for a lifetime gym membership
Could a lien be placed on her house for the debt? I am 70 years old and on SS. I pay SS $250 to repay an over payment of bunches of thousands of dollars. If I get married to my old High School classmate
What if I'm not on the birth certificate and yet I pay child support?  What if I'm not on the birth certificate and yet I pay child support? The  mother will not let me see child but she said all she want is money.
Can I terminate my lease at will without any financial consequences? I live in a 55 and older Community and I'm 72 years old. My question is Can I terminate my lease at will without any financial consequences?
What is the process for evicting a 20-year-old out of your home? Good Afternoon:  I would like to know what is the process for evicting a 20-year-old out of your home?  She does not have any place to go and she is not paying any room and board or utilities bills.  She is my adopted daughter. What do you suggest I do about this situation?
Is it legal for me to accept and take the kids to my place after their parents died but isn't child proof? Hi
Can I move back to Mississippi where my family is legally if I separated my wife and have kids? I'm the father of 3 and am still married. I live in Florida but my wife and I  separated. Can I move back to Mississippi where my family is legally?
Since they put the money in the account through no action of my own am I responsible for repayment? I live in Idaho. A bank caused error deposited $10
Should I divorce if I've only been married for 1 year and 8 months? Should I divorce if I've only been married for 1 year and 8 months?
Is a will still valid if an attorney drew it up 15 years ago? An attorney drew up a Will for me 15 years ago.  Is it still valid?
Do I need the father's consent to take my children out of state? Do I need the father's consent to take my children out of state?
Does the Bill of Rights directly apply to me
Is my husband still liable to provide me if he left me for someone he met online and we're still married for 21 years? I have been married for 21 years. My husband met a girl on Facebook. He saw her for 3 months then left  me and moved in with her. He left  me with all the bills and rent payments.he was sole provider. Is he still liable to provide for me? we are still married.
If I am not filing for child support and my husband is giving up all rights and custody of my child do I have to put it in my divorce packet? If I am not filing for child support and my husband is giving up all rights and custody of my child do I have to put it in my divorce packet?
Does landlord have right to show a house while tenants are there?  Does landlord have right to show a house while tenants are there? How long does a landlord have to return deposit?
How can I check to see if my idea has not already been thought of and how do I protect my idea to send to market? How can I check to see if my idea has not already been thought of and how do I protect my idea to send to market?
Can I see my file to see what complaints they show to start this evaluation? Do I have a right to see my employee file.  I have been told I have 45 days to correct an issue of treating my trainee's w/respect.  I am an x-ray tech for 20 years and are given trainees to train and at times have been very demanding they do the job correctly for fear of patient injury.  They have complained to management that I am mean.  Can I see my file to see what complaints they show to start this evaluation?
If my employer had me file a W4 form and pays me Under the table
What is the procedure to operate as an internet escrow service? What is the procedure and how much does it cost to get a certification to operate as an internet escrow service? (Inc. in the State of Delaware)
I own multiple businesses
What might the outcome be if someone worked at a convenience store and sold beer to an under aged girl? My granddaughter's boyfriend worked at a convenience store and sold beer to an under aged girl. A coworker of my granddaughter said this girl is NOT under aged because he knows her. He has to go to court in a couple weeks. What might the outcome be?
My ex-husband current wife is going around saying lies about me to anyone who will listen. Can I sue her and get a check everytime she receive a check? I will also need her to pay the legal fees.
Question regarding owner wanting to rescind her offer of 14% for non-performance? In April-May we agreed to give a rep 14% of the company to rep our product to hotels. There were three people present and one is also an owner but not on documents yet. The owner of the company was to have an agreement drawn up. There was to be a 9 month performance clause. This was agreed to the end of May. The first week of June the rep located a large client and several others but did not wish to present orders until the agreement was signed. The owner never did the legal paperwork and now the rep is about to present orders. The owner wants to rescind her offer of 14% for non-performance
Was I in the wrong for refusing to comply if I felt it was a privacy law? Hi
Do I have any claim to the money if my wife inherited a house from her mother's death and sold the house? My wife inherited a house from her mother's death. She has now sold the house. Do I have any claim to the money?
What are my rights if my wife wants a divorce and spousal support as I'm not working at this time? My wife wants a divorce. She's asking for spousal support. What are my rights for this as I'm not working at this time? She is. We've been married for 28 and half years/ I really don't want this. She wants a divorce. What are my rights? Thank you.
Is it legal to date minor if no intent to be sexually active? I am 17 and want to date a guy that is currently 18 but will be 19 in 2 months. Is this a legal problem? We are not going to be physically active.
Can a driver be pulled over and ticketed only for not wearing a seat belt? Can a driver be pulled over and ticketed only for not wearing a seat belt in the state of Florida?
How similar is trademark considered to infringement? How similar is trademark considered to infringement?
What to do if I want to reduce my felony to a misdemeanor? What to do if I want to reduce my felony to a misdemeanor?
Can the new owner decide to not renew my lease? A new owner took over my apartment complex. My lease is up in July. Can they just decide to not renew my lease?
Am I allowed to see my child when I never gave up my guardianship? Back in 2002 my child's mother gave up guardianship of our child to her father. Now I have never given up my guardianship nor have i give up my rights to the child. Am I allowed to see her when ever i want or do i have to take them to court again
What can my son do if he has trespassing charge but has no transportation to get there? My son lives in Daytona Beach. He has court in Atlanta
Are judgements automatically charge 7% of judgement amount?  Are judgements automatically charge 7% of judgement amount? is that true?
Is there anything I can do since my friend and I were working on his vehicle at his house and I got injured? I hurt myself while helping a friend with his van & I tore my shoulder and rotater cuff. I now require surgery.  Is there anything I can do since we were working on his vehicle at his house?
Can CPS tell you and child where to live? Can child protective services tell you where to live with your child?
How do I handle my situation if my former company stating that they overpaid my incentive? In April 2011
What are the guidelines after a divorce for relocation? If you get a divorce but win sole custody and ex requires you to not move away and you remarry someone else
Does seller have to sign the closing paper now to avoid possible sue from buyer? Contract shows 30 days close. On the 30th day
How long do you have to be married before she can take anything?  how long do you have to be married before she can take anything? Is it 5 years or less?
Am I responsible for the purchases on an account in which my separated wife opened in my name? My wife and I are separated for 1 year. She has served me with divorce papers. She recently opened a credit card account in my name and charged over $7000.00. I had no knowledge of this credit card. Am I responsible for the purchases on this account?
How to obtain a visa? What are the steps to obtain a visa if I've lived in the states for 10 years?
how far can they legally make you drive to go to work?  how far can they legally make you drive to go to work? Do they have to pay padium? How many hours can they make your work. I drive 120 miles a day round trip. They want me to sign 6 days 8 hr day.
Questions about starting a business? My objective is to pay me
 I was sued per HOA. I have 30 days to answer. What happens if I change my assets (car) in other name during that 30 days?
Would I still have rights as his mother? I wanted to know if I signed over temporary custody of my son to my mom. Would I still have rights as his mother? I have asked around and most people have told me to sign over guardianship to my mom. What should I do?
Is it legal if my boyfriend has taken me off the lease when I'm out of town? I am currently out of town and will be back later today February 28
How many hours of overtime should I get paid for? I worked 51 hours in one week
Is a sentence on a game piece a copyrighted work? Is a sentence on a game piece a copyrighted work?  I wish to make a product that is for use in another card game.  The art and design of the new piece would be original but I would like to put in a specific sentence that exists on a copyrighted game piece. Can I do this? http://www.tcgbrowser.com/#!/search=Edwin+Vancleef&corelegal;=trueIf you look at this page
Is there anyway my sister can be compensated if she was bitten by a poisonous spider at her job? My sister was bitten by a poisonous spider at her job.  Is there any way she can be compensated for that.
I wrote for a magazine in the past and they won the rights to my work. I no longer work for the magazine but they still use my work (as I just saw in this months issue.) However
What should I start learning now as a middle schooler for real estate law? I'm in middle school
What do I need to do to get child support and handle the process of my divorce from Costa Rica? My husband in Arizona is asking for divorce while I am in Costa Rica taking care of my mom with cancer. What do I need to do to get child support and handle the process from Costa Rica? I learned that he moved a women in to my home already
Does my daughter-in-law have legal rights to half of the house? My son and daughter-in-law are splitting up. They live in Virginia where they bought a house last year. They were married at the time. Because of the credit rating of my daughter-in-law
What will happen to my brother's car since he filed for bankruptcy before his death? I have been paying my brother's car for the past three years. My brother just passed away this month and I would like to know what will happen to the car. Before his death he was filing bankruptcy and he made it clear that I was the one paying for one of his cars. What should I do?
How do I get the property's deed in my dad's and my name when it was only in my mother's name? My parents both bought some property and the deed was put in both their names but it wasn't as joint tenants
What can I do if I just saw a bunch of charges on my auto loan finance account that wasn't originally there? Hello
Is my landlord allowed to dictate whom I may have as a visitor? Is my landlord allowed to dictate whom I may have as a visitor?
What are the regulations regarding working hours and break amounts in retail in Indiana? What are the regulations regarding working hours and break amounts in retail in Indiana?
Am I still entitled to receive child support from my ex under the health circumstances? My ex husband had a stroke and has not worked in 4 months. Since that time he quit paying me child support for our 16-year-old son. Am I still entitled to receive child support from my ex under these circumstances? I believe he is on disability  but not social security disability at this time.Currently he owes $1440 in back child support. We reside in NY state...
Is it discriminatory if I have a position that goes with an office but is denied? I have a position that goes with an office. However I am being denied the office without reason. I'm Hispanic. Is this discriminatory?
Can your boss yell at you in front of customers screaming I don't have to give you any hours? Can your boss yell at in front of customers screaming I don't have to give you any hours?
if I give notice & then they tell me to leave before the two weeks do they have to pay me for the two week? In Florida if I give two weeks notice and then they tell me to leave before the two weeks do they have to pay me for the two weeks?  I have never been written up or warned about doing anything wrong.
What can we do about change in property management?  The owner of the property I live in has been sold and we have no idea who the new owner is. We are having problems with getting utilities shut off and recieving calls from random people offering $1500.00 to move out in 30 days or we will get evicted. We had no idea that the property was sold in the first place. Also
if I had an operation on my ear and was not done right
Am I eligible for EB2 filling? Hi I am a Bachelor in Commerce (3 Years) graduate from Delhi University
Can a manager threaten to fire you for keeping documentation? Can a manager threaten to fire you for keeping documentation?
Good idea to represent myself if I'm suing U.S. Postal Service for breach of contract and age discrimination? I am suing the U.S. Postal Service for breach of contract and age discrimination and fraud & deceit. I am also suing the union for duty of fair representation.  I am having a hard time finding a lawyer who will take the case
What happens in Florida if you don't return rent to own merchandise? What happens in Florida if you don't return rent to own merchandise and what are the steps in this procedure?
Question about company's accusation of stolen items? A company said that you stole $400
How many days will it be before the sale date is set If a when a house is in foreclosure? If a house in foreclosure has been turned over to the court for sale
Advise for me on loan papers signed with my ex husband?  I co-signed for a student loan with my ex husband.  They are now coming after me since the loan went to collection. Is there something for me to get out of it especially that our divorce papers specifically name him responsible for this loan?  Thanks
If a building is being foreclosed what can I do as a tenant? If a building is being foreclosed what can I do as a tenant?
If a former tenant's personal items are still in the house
Can a CA s-corp sue an employee for damages to a vehicle he personally caused after being warned not to operate the companies construction equipment? Can a CA s-corp sue an employee for damages to a vehicle he personally caused after being warned not to operate the companies construction equipment?
Do I still pay prorated amount on the lease? If my lease was over after the first year and I began a month to month
Is there a law stating anywhere whether the rent needs to be delivered by the 5th or postmarked by the 5th? My rent is due by the 5th of the month.  I've always lived in California now I live in Michigan.  I've always been okay to have rent postmarked by the 5th.  Is there a law stating anywhere whether it needs to be delivered by the 5th or postmarked by the 5th?
How loud can your car be? How loud can your car be?
What must I do with any personal property that may have been left behind? If I buy a house for delinquent taxes in Fayette county
If an injunction is given to a company not to do business
Will patent application be rejected if copies are not identical to original submissions? I received a notice to file corrected application papers my specification had two hand letterings where I changed the word collector to heating system and added few comas.  I did not photocopy the changes. and the changes did not affect claims.  What are the implications of making a best effort to try and remember the changes and provide marked and clear copies that might not exactly match the originally submitted hand markups?  Will the application be rejected at the missing parts department.  Also how do I provide a statment that no new matter has been added is there a form. Is there a transmittal letter form I should be using?
Can I sell friend's generator if he never comes to take it? I live in Wyoming and about 3 years ago
When I apply for citizenship do I need to replace my greencard first? Hi. I have had my greencard for 6 years now and thinking about getting citizenship. I have recently got my green card and i only have a piece of my greencard. When I apply for citizenship do I need to replace my greencard first or can I just apply for my citizenship without having physical greencard?
If your original tax preparer refused to do a Tax amendment
What to do if the landlord gave us the key but the leasing office called the police for trespassing? I moved into a property
Once a house is recorded in a short sale
Seeking full custody and spousal support. I have 5 children one of those children before the its birth my husband was aware he was not the father but has acted as the only father to child & is on the birth cerfitcate and was married to me at the time of birth. We are currently divorcing & 2 of the children reside now with him at his mothers.We were married for 14 years in which I made the most money and still do. Currently I am on short term disabilty and my income has been cut. I would like to get sole custody if not for the 3 children I have but for all my children. He currently picks and chooses when I can see the children though so far neither of us have been to court. I was wondering would he have to pay me spousal support. And would he have to pay for the additional child which is not his for support. And also I might mention he has had a closed case of child protection removing the children from our care for one week. Could this help my chances and be used against him even though the case is closed? Could I seek full custody and do I have chance of winning?
Am I obligated  to pay the remaining two weeks if someone broke into and left with two weeks left? I pay month to month on a house I rented.  My house got broken into
I would like to know if I can collect my unemployment if I had 2 appeals from different employers and one was found in my favor and the other was denied? I would like to know if I can collect my unemployment if I had 2 appeals from different employers and one was found in my favor and the other was denied?
Can choir copy Christmas songs to use in church service? Our choir would like to copy some Christmas songs from a Hymnal to use in our cantata.  Is this permissible?
Is it legal to say our payment is incomplete and withhold registration even though we paid for the vehicle completely? I purchased a vehicle in California in Nov 2011. The day I drove the vehicle home I gave the dealership a check in full for the car. They sent their payment into my bank to pay for my trade in. They sent a too much money in and the bank did not send it back and so far none of us know where it went. Now they are refusing to submit for our registration because they say our payment is incomplete. It's been 6 months with no registration. Is this legal to say our payment is incomplete and withhold registration even though we paid for the vehicle completely?
Is there a California law for time allotted an employer to pay  employees after a missed pay date? Is there a California law for time allotted an employer to pay  employees after a missed pay date? My employer failed to get payroll done
I have a LLC and I am going to file an unlawful detainer. Can I do this in proper? I have a LLC and I am going to file a unlawful detainer. Can I do this in proper?
Will my boyfriend go to jail if he didn't complete any of his community service and has court again tomorrow? My boyfriend crashed his car into a bridge while texting and the court gave him community service... He didn't complete any of his community service though
Does a father get joint custody if he has visitation rights? Does a father get joint custody if he has visitation rights?
Can I apply for the Dream Act law if I came here before I was 16 & now I'm in college trying to get my GED? hi my name is Daniel I came to the U.S. before I was 16 but I didn't finish high school but now I'm in college trying to get my GED. Can I apply for the Dream Act law?
Anything I can do if my ex has access to my checking account? I also have a similar situation. I have an ex-girlfriend who accessed my checking account without my permission and saw that it was overdrawn. She paid the balance so the account would close. However
Fair for an employee with 23 years to be cut to part-time and a rookie to stay full-time? Do you think it is fair for an employee with 23 years to be cut to part-time and a rookie to stay full-time?
Can they legally send it to collections and what do I need to do to get it off of his credit report?  My son went to an ER in Gulf Breeze
Are you infringing if website displays pictures with owner's permission? If you have a website that buys and sells sport and concert event tickets and you want to display the picture of those artists and athletes on the front page (with the proper permission of the picture owner)
During a criminal forfeited trial
When creating a power of attorney document
Can I get my granddaughter back from her mother?  My son has an ex parte hearing to get my one year old granddaughter from her mother who took her from our home to go live with her parents. Her father is a heroin addict and both parents have criminal records. Her mother has no means of support. We are being told that we'll be able to get my granddaughter back with the order that the judge will grant in my son's favor
When do I stop paying child support if my son will be 21 in January and he goes to college? My son will be 21 in January and he goes to college. When do I stop paying child support?
If I make out my own last will and testament and bring it to an attorney to look at
Can I be told I'm no longer allowed at a business when I have not committed any crime? In the state of GA
Is it a violation of any law when a realtor does not notify a seller that another realtor received and presented an offer to the owners contracted realtor which is higher in order to avoid the commission? Is it a violation of any law when a realtor does not notify a seller that another realtor received and presented an offer to the owners contracted realtor which is higher in order to avoid the commission?
Rights if my house is being auctioned off when I am the co-borrower? 11 years ago my husband and I bought a house. I am not on the deed  but I am a co-borrower. We are getting divorced and I received paper work that my house will be auctioned off in May. What are my rights?
Trap to arrest me if I obtained a driver's license in someone elses name in 2004? I obtained a driver's license in someone elses name in 2004. Now they have put a stop on my license and I cannot renew it.  They say they cannot bring criminal charges against me because it has been over a year and want me to come in and bring identification to remove the stop.  Is this a trap to arrest me?
Do I have any recourse with the contractor if the system is installed wrong? Hello
Only worker in business serving jury duty. I own and am the only worker in a piano tuning business in Montgomery County
What are the penalties for posting an image of my girlfriend on the internet in which a modeling agency claims ownership over the image? I am in the army. My ex girlfriend and I broke up a few weeks ago because she started dating her previous boyfriend. Last weekend
What do I need to do to get guardianship of my sister from my mom?  What do I need to do to get guardianship of my sister from my mom? She's willingly giving her to me.
In NY is Memorial Day considered a holiday or is it optional?  In NYS is Memorial Day considered a holiday or is it optional?  If you work on memorial day does your employer have to pay overtime(1 1/2
Does the father of a child have legal rights to babysitting the child while mother is at work? Does the father of a child have legal rights to babysitting the child while mother is at work? We are not married
Is use of parking brake mandatory on standard shift vehicles when parking? Is use of parking brake mandatory on standard shift vehicles when parking?
How can I get a green card? How can I get a green card?
Question about defective laptop that I bought from a company online? I am a resident of New Jersey and was sued in small claims court in Nebraska.  I could not attend and I wrote a letter to the court and left a message with the judge informing him of this but never heard back.The case is about a defective laptop that I bought from a company online that is located in Nebraska.  I was unhappy with it and returned it via UPS.  While in the custody of UPS
What state (Delaware or Nevada) is best to incorporate a home based business with just one employee (myself)? What state (Delaware or Nevada) is best to incorporate a home based business with just one employee (myself)?
What is the fastest and legal way to evict a family member in the state of NY? What is the fastest and legal way to evict a family member in the state of NY? Before they moved in they did say they needed to stay 90 days. Well it's been 120 days. They've paid no rent or even offered to pay rent or a bill. I'm a single parent of five and pregnant with twins. My brother needs to go. Thank you for your time.
If I have my kids 96 hours out of a week and I make more money
Can a wife ask for 50/50 split of real estate settlement proceeds? Can a wife ask for 50/50 split of real estate settlement proceeds?
When an apt. manager breaches the signed contract
How do we start the process to sign away the baby's father's rights over? I am 2 months pregnant and live in CA
Is it a legal deed if my friend went to courthouse but not all parties have not signed it? I have a friend who is renting a property the is owned by a land owner.  They went to the courthouse and pulled the deed and it is a warranty deed but all parties have not signed it. Is it a legal deed?
How can I legally to be protected from my husband's medical bills? As a wife I'm the only breadwinner. I work in Arizona but still own a home in California.In California
Can I be prosecuted for paying post-dated checks? I have a loan at check n go and it is over 1 year delinquent. I want to know if I make a payment on the post dated checks
If I give a two-month notice
After a lease has expired and you now rent month to month does the landlord have to give 30 day notice to change the rental agreement?  After a lease has expired and you now rent month to month does the landlord have to give 30 day notice to change the rental agreement? I pay rent plus $60.00 for utilities
How do I set up and maintain a charity? How do I set up and maintain a charity?
What do I need to have done legally and have my ex wife and daughter removed if we have no lease or rental agreement? i have my ex-wife and daughter living in my house.  We have no lease or rental agreement.  What do I need to have done legally and have them removed?
Can a tenant in a verbal contract give a 30 day notice on the 1st of the month and refuse to pay? Can a tenant in a verbal month to month contract give a 30 day notice on the 1st of the month and refuse to pay said agreed amount of rent for those 30 days if tenant is still occupying the space?
Should I create a will or a trust in California? Should I create a will or a trust in California?
Can my employer ask me to do extra work off the clock and not pay me for it? Can my employer ask me to do extra work off the clock and not pay me for it? If something they claim I messed up.
Question about an eviction notice and $360 rent increase when the the apartment is dilapidated?  I was in my property for over one year.  A new property owner took over in January of 2012 and raised the rent an additional $350 without giving me a written notice. They gave me a notice of eviction in March of 2012. They also have not fixed a leak
What are the punishments for underage smoking and drinking in Georgia? What are the punishments for underage smoking and drinking in Georgia?
If 5 siblings receive oil rights
Can you gamble during your working shift? Can you gamble (mainly video machines) during your working shift?
Can I sue a business for hiring my 15-year-old daughter without my consent as a full-time father? Can I sue a business for hiring my 15-year-old daughter without my consent as a full-time father?
What will happen if the elderly person I care for let me use his visa & now the family want to press charges? I'm taking care of this elderly person and he let me use his visa card. The cops got involved and the guy doesn't want to press charges but his family in new jersey has a cop in the family and they might press charges. What will happen to me if they do?
Do I have legal rights to continue making payments after my mother's death until it is paid off? I have a durable power of attorney form for my mom. She is still making payments on her mobile home. Do I have legal rights to continue making payments after her death until it is paid off?
Legal for my landlord to ask me to re-sign the lease after he changed the conditions? I signed a one year lease for my apartment. The landlord sent it back and scratched off one year and checked month to month. He told me to re-sign them and send them back. Is this legal or illegal?
How should same-sex partners secure rights in addition to medical POA? My (same sex) partner and I are looking to have medical powers of attorney so that we can take care of each other
Please help me in this child support situation My husband received a letter from the family support division for child support for a little girl in 2009. We contacted the family support division because he had no clue about this little girl and somehow the case got closed. Well now we just found out yesterday that his unemployment has been garnished since November 2011. There was never any paternity test or anything done! What can we do?
Should I be getting paid for other job-related tasks to my job description? They're showing favoritism to a family member and I get paid for piece rate. Should I be getting paid for other job-related tasks to my job description? Like maintenance to job vehicle
What steps do I take about neighbor blocking a road that I have a right of way? What steps do I take about neighbor blocking a road that I have a right of way through to other property that I own?
Can ex-husband still have visitation if refusing to pay child support? If your ex husband is refusing to pay child support
If I took pictures on a borrowed camera
Is it too late to stop the divorce if the attorney still has it on file? If a judge in the state of NY signed off on our papers but the attorney says they still have to file
If I get a divorce
If I provided child care in my home without a contract and was never paid
Is it best for us to honor our mother's request or wait and have to pay inheritance tax later? Mom is getting up in age.  She has approximately 140
Time an employer have to mail my check after I resign? How long does an employer have to mail my check after I resign?
Are all contracts required to be in writing? Are all contracts required to be in writing?
Information on employee law? Need information on employee law. Wrongful termination
How to expunge domestic violence charge in CO? I would like to have my domestic violence charge expunged in Colo. It has been 18 years and I have had no trouble since.Will it be possible or am I wasting my time.It was 1993 when I plead guilty to a misdemeanor and then it was changed to LAUTEN BURC.AMEND of 1996
Legal for an employer to force someone to step down in pay grade or leave? My daughter has worked for a non union retail clothing store for 3 years.  She was promoted to a manager position as a part time employer.  She had had no work related issues.  They are combining two stores and are changing her position to full time which she is willing to work.  They say that she has to apply for her own job
Does the property manager in a gated community have the right to take pics of minors without consent? Does the property manager in a gated community have the right to take pics of minors without parental consent in the state of FL?
What to do if my husband's unemployment ends on a certain date and people call it fraud after? My husband got unemployment and after it ended it said to call on a certain date. I did that and I thought it was okay. Now I'm scared he will go to jail for this. What can I do as he's working and the claim ended on 05-26-12?  What can I do if a man came to the house and said it was fraud? Do I have to get a lawyer? He will come on Monday.
After the baby is born
Should we try counseling or should we just end our marriage if the problems persist? I have been married for eight years and I am miserable.  My husband has a very bad anger issue and he screams and yells at me in front of our girls.  He also has been cussing in front of the baby a lot
If I buy a house before my divorce is final
In divorce is it the one who earns the biggest salary that has to pay? In divorce is it the one who earns the biggest salary that has to pay?
What can I legally do to get my ex to pay for his son? Ok my soon to be ex-husband is in the military and is deployed. He has not paid me spousal support for our 11-month-old son in 2 almost
Possible to divorce my adult children who are now in their 40's? I want to divorce my adult children who are now in their 40's.  Is this possible?
If my daughter is due to make settlement on a house
When a police officer pulls you over can they ask my passenger for they I.D.? When a police officer pulls you over can they ask my passenger for they I.D.?
Can my landlord get in trouble for selling us a mobile home without a furnace? Can my landlord get in trouble for selling us a mobile home without a furnace?
How can I get a legal bar in DC? How can I get a legal bar in DC?
Question about employment's unfair termination? I was terminated from my employment last week. My supervisor had it out for me for a long time. I had a problem with my staff and asked her for guidance
Should I be concerned with my estranged husband trying to seek part of these properties as his assets due to our marriage of less then 4 years?  I am in the process of getting a divorce. I owned 2 properties prior to our marriage that occurred on June 16th 2009. Should I be concerned with my estranged husband trying to seek part of these properties as his assets due to our marriage of less then 4 years? THESE PROPERTIES ARE RENTALS OF MINE. Does he have any rights to my property?
Confusion over payments for college? I attend Kaplan College and this is the first college that I attend to but I'm very confused with the payments. My dad works and so does my mom and I'm used to work but not anymore. My cousin goes to school with me and she doesn't have to pay what I have to pay. I understand that a lot has to do with financial aid but I'm paying over $400 a month. There's some people that do not have to pay what I have to pay and a school mate told me that she is unemployed so she pays nothing but then again they wanted to charge her $60 so she said that they were trying to get money out of her. I don't think it is fair for me to be paying that amount of money and I have a bad feeling that I do not need to be paying at all.
How do I obtain dual citizen visas? My wife and child are British citizens and they are in the USA on visitor visas. What do I have to do to get them both dual citizens?
Is it legal to require a cosigner for a car purchase one month after signing the contract? I purchased a car a month ago and was financed through the dealer and signed contract a month ago now after one month the finance company says I need a cosigner or turn the car in. Is this legal?
I'm thinking of making a product that will have red pinstripes on a white background other parts will consist of blue and red and will say Philly
What are my tenant rights if my landlord did not disclose house? The landlord did not disclose house as it was in foreclose prior to signing lease. Has not been applying rent to mortgage and now house is going to auction. What are my tenant rights?
Can an employer take away a guaranteed 40-hour benefit from its employees? Can an employer take away a guaranteed 40-hour benefit from its employees?
How do I go about getting a title in my name with only a bill of sale? I bought 3 motorcycles that did not come with titles due to being bought at a storage auction by the previous owner. How do i go about getting a title in my name in New York State
What can I do to keep my rights if my ex is trying to taking my parental rights away? My ex husband is trying to get my legal rights as a mother taken away. My children live in Colorado & I recently moved to Florida. What  can I do from here to keep my rights until I return to Colorado?
What am I supposed to do with a medical neglect case? My daughter went into cardiac arrest 7-3-2012. She was 4 days late on meds that had to be delivered by pharmacy. She also missed 2 infusion appointments due to southeast trans not booking the appointments and booster seat. Now I have medical neglect case. What am I supposed to do?
Sue American Express for entering into a settlement agreement and then not fulfilling?  Can I sue American Express for entering into a settlement agreement and then not fulfilling? They agreed to re open my charge card and reinstate all my rewards miles once the balance was paid off. I paid the balance 90 days ago
Does a lawyer need to be present to have a document notarized if both parties agree on the same matter?  Does a lawyer need to be present to have a document notarized if both parties agree on the same matter? The matter is i am letting him have the house and he gives me half of what its worth.
Can my landlord evict me without notice? Can my landlord evict me without notice?
Can my spouse get visit with my son if he is not the father? Can my spouse get visit with my son if he is not the father?
Is it legal if my employer was paying me for traveling and suddenly he stopped without notice? my employer was paying me for traveling and suddenly he stopped without notice. Is this legal?
Question regarding Employment Transfer Regular processing? I-129 H1B Emp. Transfer Regular processing:I have a question regarding receiving the RFE from USCIS California Ser Center.On USCIS web-site: Case Status section
Filed complaints to HR with no results. A supervisor that is commiting slander
What type of company should I form if I need to accept venture capital? What type of company should I form if I need to accept venture capital?
My family is renting a home that has been forclosed on and is up for auction. The notice was posted on our door October 10th. We with held our rent once we received the notice. Our landlord has filed against us in court suing us for rent for the month of October.  Are we obligated to pay him?
Recourse when an insurance company misrepresents themselves concerning the coverages in a policy? Is there any recourse when an insurance company misrepresents themselves concerning the coverages in a policy?
What are my rights over my baby if I'm illegal and my husband is American citizen with a felony? What are my rights over my baby if I'm illegal and my husband is American citizen with a felony?
Will I be able to keep home or will card companies be able to take it for debts after my husband passes? My husband is dying. I've been out of work for approx. 2 months acting as his caregiver. there is no money to pay creditors. Am current on house payment. no will or trust. Only assets are home
What are the legal ramifications if a person can not pay back on-line payday loans? What are the legal ramifications if a person can not pay back on-line payday loans in the state of Maryland?
Can you be held liable or sued for anything that occurs to a property that you sold seven years ago? Can you be held liable or sued for anything that occurs to a property that you sold seven years ago?
Can I quit & collect unemployment for a few weeks until I can start a new job due to stressful work? I am working at a medical day spa in Pennsylvania which is on the verge of going under due to divorce. The Doctor's wife left draining him of a lot of money & items. She also was feeding him Valium/drugs without him knowing.I t is rumored that my fellow employees knew about the stolen property & druggings. The woman who is now in charge is constantly swearing at & around clients. I catch her lying all the time & she constantly stresses me out to the point of being sick.S he is the dr's personal assistant and you really can not complain to him about her. Can I quit & collect unemployment for a few weeks until I can start a new job I was hired for in August due to the instability & stressful working environment?
What to do if I received an email saying the property is in the process of filing for bankruptcy? We have property
How to make sure that we verbally agreed that I was to have no responsibility to my spouse & to have custody? We verbally agreed that I was to have no financial responsibility to my spouse and to have joint custody. How would I go about that in paper work and expect to be sure my spouse can never take me back to court later for money? As it is now we agree upon the terms but I want to know how to make that permanent.
Do I have to provide my personal banking info to my employer due to a non-related job accident? My employer is demanding my personal banking info due to an incident that is not related to work or my job. Do I have to provide it?
Will a judge give a hospital a time frame to pay for wrongful death damages
Can I sell my house for what I own on the mortgage to my son-in-law? Can I sell my house for what I own on the mortgage to my son-in-law?
Friend's son and my daughter in questionable activities. My daughter was at a friend's house playing with her son for a few hours. Both kids are 4 years of age.  I came back and when I walked in the door to the child's room
How to get my daughter back from my mom who has us today but is sick and dying? I have questions on how to get my daughter back from my mom who has us today but is sick and dying?
How do you sue someone in small claims court with only an e-mail and p.o.box address?  How do you sue someone in small claims court with only an e-mail and p.o.box address?  I have asked for repayment by phone and e-mail.  Dates for repayment never kept.  She sent me a promissory note template by e-mail but I never got her to sign a copy.
Is it legal under trademark laws to use a name of a medicine? Is it legal under trademark laws to use a name of a medicine (example Vicoden) in an advertisement for a product that produces similar effects but is all natural? Use would be something like this
Do I have to leave in 30 days if my landlord sold the property and my lease doesn't end until Mat 2012? My landlord is selling the house that I live in and told me that I have 30 days to move. My lease does not expire until May 2012. Do I have to leave in 30 days?
Can you patent a general idea or must it be one specific item or a definite specific pattern? Can you patent a general idea
Lawsuit if the entire wall ceiling falls down on  myself and son
How can I prove that my daughter has been living with me for about 6 months? my daughter is physically living with me but my ex husband is claiming that she is living with him. How can I prove that my daughter has been living with me for about 6 months?
Is it legal for my company to cancel me on call if they don't have a need for my services? Hello
Question regarding if company never sent in a satisfaction of loan but can't sell my property? I purchased a property from an LLC that was located in Florida after paying off the loan. The company never sent in a satisfaction of loan document. I want to sell my property but can not
Can videos be shown to residents without licensing? Can Videos be shown to residents of a condominium without licensing?
Is the parent responsible if their child attacked my child? My son
What do I do if I do not agree with the judge's decision concerning my son? I live in South Florida Broward County
Can apt management  demand 1 additional month rent? I have recently lost my job. Due to financial hardship
Do I have a chance of visitations? I have an 11 year old daughter that I see every other weekend.  I try to see her more but her mom does not allow it.  I want to go back to court to get visitation changed to rotate weeks or have my daughter live with me during the summer.  Her mother and I live in the same school district.(Oklahoma. City). My question is do I have a shot to get one of these visitations?
What can I do if my ex girlfriend moved from Wisconsin to Alaska with my 5 month old daughter?Paternity was not established untill after she moved when I was in court to establish visitation. The judge was being biased.
What are my consumer rights if services performed by a DJ is unsatisfactory? What are my consumer rights if services performed by a DJ is unsatisfactory which includes the 2 DJ listed on the contract did not show up? I stop payment on the balance and attorney left message that it is illegal to stop payment on a check when services are performed?
What can I do to prove my job if I get paid cash? The judge asked me for proof of my job but I get paid cash. She said if I am lying
Question regarding suing horrible work done on my feet by different doctors? I live in Florida and have had some really horrible work done on my feet by different doctors.  I have had recent surgeries to correct the issues caused by the other doctors.  I have been asked many times why I do not sue well I have contacted attorneys in this area Naples and have not had good responses.  Maybe I do not have enough money to sue a doctor for malpractice?
Can a cell phone contract extension be voided if there is 20 days to return the phone? Can a cell phone contract extension be voided if there is 20 days to return the phone?
According to California Civil Codes shouldn't the personal injuries be impossible? I was in a car accident in March 2010 in California. All parties walked away from the accident without any known injuries. Yesterday I was served with papers that I was personally being sued for personal injuries damage in the excess of $25
Is it illegal to convert music to MP3 player? is it illegal to convert music to your MP3 player?
Does my son need a signature of the legal custodian if we can't locate him now for the money he is to receive? My son was left a large sum of money
What are the current rules on disclosure of commission split between the parties? What are the current rules on disclosure of commission split between the parties?The listing is a 6% Commission and the listing agent posts 2.5% on MLS but fails to disclose he is keeping 3.5% for himself without telling any of the parties involved in the transaction including selling agent
How do I remove someone from an llc in florida that has only been established for two months?
If I have contract with my client
What court order should I file so I can release the money in my name? my husband passed away. We have a joint tenant savings account with my late husband's broker. He is now telling me I need a court order to release the money in my name. What court order should I file so I can do it myself? My broker is on the east coast for another week I need to do this before he can go further.
Question about immigration papers? Hi 
How do we get the file to Immigration? Spouse was granted relief for adjustment of status under application I-485 section 245(i) at end of May 2012 in Orlando
Does my business need any certifications in order to conduct business? I have an online business that allows for rebates on particular items.  We hold our user's rebated money in an account until they go through the necessary channel to get the money from us.  Does my business need any certifications in order to conduct business?
If I'm not legal and I'm going to get married to a guy who is applying for asylum
How can I reduce felonies to misdemeanors and eventually clear them from my record? I was charged with HS 11377 (A) and HS 11379 (A) and want to know if I can reduce these felonies to misdemeanors
Is there financial recourse for medical and psychiatric treatment from the bully that caused it?  Is there financial recourse for medical and psychiatric treatment from the bully that caused it? Both the victim and the bully are minors.
Does a couple have to get a divorce seeing it wasn't legal in the first place? A couple got a marriage license in Michigan which they are residents of. They went and got married in Ohio. They have split up. Do they have to get a divorce seeing it wasn't legal in the first place?
Question regarding friend who has serious medical problems due to negligence in the work place? I have a very close friend who has serious medical problems due to negligence in the work place.  She has asked me to help her by attempting ghost write her memoir which would be focused on the hospital where she worked
Can I file for divorce in GA or do I have to go to OH if I can't afford to go there? I married in 1998 in OH however we moved to GA 9yrs ago. My husband and I have been separated for a year on n off and 5mths ago he moved back to OH taking are 2 children. My son wants to stay with the father daughter with me.  Can I file for divorce in GA or do I have to go to OH. I can't afford to go there. What do I do?
If both of us have joint custody
Will there be a lien against my retirement account if the loan modification is process?  In the loan modification process
Can sellers void the contract if the realtor failed to present multiple offers? Realtor failed to present multiple offers
Where can I get a Divorce for free? Where can I get a Divorce for free?
Can my homeless sister be arrested if caught driving her vehicle that she stopped paying? My homeless sister has been living in her car (Nissan-Versa) that she stopped paying on since 11/2011. Although
If you're scheduled to work a 4 hour shift and the employer sends you home because it is slow
What is needed to be approved for the new student visa law? What is needed to be approved for the new student visa law?
How do you remove a member's name from an LLC if they voluntarily want to be removed? How do you remove a member's name from an LLC if they voluntarily want to be removed?
Can my roommates just kick me out if they are the ones on the lease? I am living with roommates but they are the ones on the lease. Can they just kick me out?
Can I get suspended for not going to work on a day that's not mandatory? Can I get suspended for not going to work on a day that's not mandatory?
A couple wants to buy a house
Can I file bankruptcy on a lawyer? Can I file bankruptcy on a lawyer?
How can I become a legal resident if I leave to my country of origin? How can I become a legal resident if I leave to my country of origin?
 I signed for a two year term for receiving stolen property. I asked for a cruise waiver. It was granted. I go for sentencing in thirty days. Can I get an extension or can I get a paid lawyer to get me a lesser term?
Can I bring action against the hospital for not treating my husband immediately? My husband died of a heart attack.  He went to the emergency room told them that he had pains in his chest.  They made him fill out paperwork before treating him.  He died ten minutes after filling out the paperwork.  We are told to get to the hospital immediately if we are having a heart attack.  Can I bring action against the hospital for not treating him immediately?
I want to form a LLC in Georgia with 3 other people to buy a house that is under foreclosure. Other than our names
Can I give my half of our home to my two children instead of spouse when doing my will? I am doing my will and wanted to know if I can give my half of our home to my two children instead of spouse?
Is there a law that says you can't keep more than one dog in the apartment you own? Is there a California state law that says you can't keep more than one dog in the apartment you own?
Can a boss fire an employee for something that she wrote on facebook? Can a boss fire an employee for something that she wrote on facebook?  I was working at a restaurant and I got a customer that didn't leave me a tip.  I posted something on my facebook page about this person and then deleted it.  My boss the next day at work fired me.  I feel as if my rights as an American citizen were violated for something that I wrote on Facebook
What is the claim limit for small claims court in NJ? I live in NJ. A general contractor walked away from a contract to do some work on my house. The job was partly completed and not according to our wishes. He gave no reason other than that he didn't have to work with someone he chose not to work with. All our payments were on time according to the contract. We will now have to pay more than the agreed remaining amount to re-mediate and complete his work. What is the appropriate legal response? What is the claim limit for small claims court in NJ?
How much pay do I get for a call out to come after hours to work and load a truck? I work for a  non-union company 8-4 and was called at 5 pm to come back to work and load a truck. How much pay do I get for this call out?
Can I terminate a contract with a man I hired to do lawn/landscaping work if he is not doing the work we contracted for? Can I terminate a contract with a man I hired to do lawn/landscaping work if he is not doing the work we contracted for?
Is there anything I can do if I was backhanded across my face by a co-worker & we were both fired?   I was backhanded across my face by a co-worker.  We were both fired.  Is there anything I can do
What kind of attorney would I talk to sue for emotional trauma? What kind of attorney would I talk to sue for emotional trauma?
If a parent has not been in touch with her child does
If I'm renting a house with my ex
Who owns photos when taken by an employee with the company camera on a regular basis
Can I ask first and  last month rent with security deposit? Can I ask first and  last month rent with security deposit (amount of one month rent) ?I've heard I only can ask first month rent with 2 month rent as a security deposit.please
if I never signed an aamco agreement
Can judge prosecute without DA?  Can a judge prosecute a traffic violation case without the DA present?
Legal if a private company wants to install microphones in the office to monitor employees? I work for a private company.  They want to install microphones in the office so they can monitor what employees are saying.  Is this legal?
If a person is writing posts about me on a site
If we rent a house can landlord allow her family members to move into a spare room?  If we rent a house can landlord allow her family members to move into a spare room?
If a web-designer/marketing personel volunteered to work in a start-up LLC as a project for her. Does she own 100% of the rights to the work or does the LLC? She is making the claim that she wants ownership in the company for her work.
Crime if I got a traffic ticket for skateboarding in front of my house in the bike lane? I got a traffic ticket for skateboarding in front of my house in the bike lane. is this even a crime?
Legal for a lumber company you owe money to contact your customer to send your payment to them?  Is it legal for a lumber company you owe money to contact your customer and tell them this and ask them to send your labor payment to them instead of giving it to me?
Does Ruby Tuesday have the right to transfer me to another location by giving me no choice? I am a manager for Ruby Tuesday. Does Ruby Tuesday have the right to transfer me to another location by giving me no choice?
Can I get permanent residency in US or Canada through investment or business visa? I need permanent residency in U.S.A. or Canada. I want to know if I can get on investment visa or business visa? I have a web design firm with all U.S. clients.
DO NOT PUBLISH YET- BW-Can I employ someone whose green card has expired but is in the process of getting it renewed? Can I employ someone whose green card has expired but is in the process of getting it renewed?
What is joint custody? What is joint custody?
What can I do if I'm filing for custody of my son but his mom won't let me see him? I'm filing for custody of my son but his mom won't let me see him. What can I do?
For the purposes of a will
Can a landlord rent out a unit to new tenants before the eviction process is over?  Can a landlord rent out a unit to new tenants before the eviction process is over? The former tenant has not lived there for over 90 days and the landlord is finally starting the eviction process. The former tenant's belongings are all still in the unit
If I received a tax lien in the amount of $79
Can a daughter take $500 of her recent deceased mother's bank account & not get in trouble? Can a daughter take $500 of her recent deceased mothers bank account to pay for flowers and not get in trouble?
Does a landlord have to notify his tenants in writing that he has put the property up for sale? Does a landlord have to notify his tenants in writing that he has put the property up for sale before sending a realtor with perspective buyers to look at the property?
If the child is a breast fed newborn
Does my mother-in-law have the right to take my house if my husband died and I also co-signed? My mother-in-law co-signed with my husband when we bought our first home. In 2001 we purchased a new home and rented out our other house. In October 2010 my husband was killed in an accident. Does my mother-in-law have the right to take my house? The renter decided after my husbands death that he didn't want to pay rent anymore. I just want him out so I can sell the house and get on with my life
Can my husband get the house if I purchased it before marriage? I purchased my home before I got married. Can my husband get the house or will I have to sell the house?
What is the trust administration for real estate
Question about setting up a custody/visitation agreement? I have a ten-month old whose father I am not in a relationship with. He lives in PA
What's the difference between restricted stock and stock options? What's the difference between restricted stock and stock options?
Can my parents legally take money out of my savings account because I totaled a family car? I'm 18 in Illinois. Can my parents legally take money out of my savings account because I totaled a family car? Another thing is
Law regarding the right to fly an American flag on a condominium?  What is the law regarding the right to fly an American flag on a condominium?  Can this right be denied by the home owners' association?
What are the legal implications of such a transaction if they give my husband and me a life lease on it? A neighbor has offered to purchase our home
In an unlawful detainer
Can I take my roommate to court to finish paying out my lease? I had a roommate for two years. He said he was leaving 3 months prior to the leased expiring Even though he's not on my lease
Are the tenants liable for the time it takes to get another tenant and do we have 30 days to return their deposit? In Mi
Is it possible to terminate one's employment after 30 days trial period? Hi Law Pivot
As a homeowner
What is my defense against a debt collector who uses breach of contract? I am being sued by a debt collector on time barred account but he is using that it is a breach of contract . What is my defense?  I have filed several motions such as summary of judgment
Is there a statute of limitations on suing someone? Is there a statute of limitations on suing someone?
If I am homeless and file
Is it legal for the owners to lock us out at this point? I am in FL and am part owner of an LLC.  We currently rent from the other owners
 Someone shot a air gun at my neighbor's house yesterday-2 inches from my property line and the same spot my son had been sitting in 30 seconds earlier.  Do I have any grounds to press charges for attempted anything since my son was no longer sitting there?
Is a company required to pay an employee more per hour if they work a graveyard shift? Is a company in CO legally required to pay an employe more per hour if they work a graveyard shift?
How can my friend get back to U.S. and will the embassy get his passport if it was robbed? I have a friend that traveled to India then got robbed
can I sue a company who not only harassed me
Question about heir's copyright? My first cousin wrote a book in 1967
What to do if I need to make a complaint against the place I live at about the mold problem? I need to make a complaint against the place I live at about the mold problem. I am disabled person and I have serious health problems and I need help please.
Can I sue if I got a spider bite while working and I went to the doctor and it had gotten an infection If I got bite by a spider while working and I went to the doctor and it had gotten an infection. Can I sue?
How can A state entity freeze a joint account when only one person owes the debt? How can A state entity freeze a joint account when only one person owes the debt? How do I remedy this?
Is there a way to get my money if I was unaware of no-refund letter? I signed my daughter up for dance and was unaware that i signed a no refund letter. I don't even recall signing it
Hold up in court if I have been accused of public intoxication but no field sobriety tests were taken? I have been accused of public intoxication
Can my fifteen year old nephew choose to live with me? My brother and his family have been living with me for two years. They are talking of moving and my fifteen year old nephew does not want to move with them. Can he legally choose to stay with me or can they make him go?
What is the least required percentage considered for a partner in a business and eligible for Workers' Comp? What is the least required percentage for being considered as a partner in a business and for being eligible for the Workers' Comp Insurance?
How can I protect myself if my friend is filing bankruptcy and including my debt? I made a personal loan to a friend with a note to repay and the payments.  She made almost 2 years of payments
If you sign a legal document for a purchase how long do you have if you change your mine and you don't want to purchase any more? If you sign a legal document for a purchase how long do you have if you change your mine and you don't want to purchase any more?
In which jurisdiction do I file when suing breeder for breach of contract? I need to sue the breeder I bought my pups from from for beach of contract. Do I have to file in the breeders jurisdiction or can I file in mine?
Can I sue a person for recording me without permission? Can I sue a person for recording me without permission and the company i worked for for firing me over a 2.56 sec video when I was on my break?
Do you think after 1 year
Can I sue a truck company that hit me in a state truck? Can I sue a truck company that hit me in a state truck?
How easy is it to get a business license for my tech start up in California?  How easy is it to get a business license for my tech start up in California?  I currently live in the UAE and have a British Passport.
What can I do if my work refuses to lower my hours because of hardship of the corporation? I been working for a company 1 year and 8 months. And I decided I wanted to lower my hours at the job. However
What to expect in court for credit card suit? I am fighting a credit card law suit.  They have now sent me a NOTICE TO SET FOR TRIAL date and time.  When I show up to the court for this
Question regarding a summons to court by my landlord? If I was served a summons to court by my landlord
Can I file against my son's doctor for giving him his immunizations before recommended shot schedule? Can i file a negligence case against my son's doctor for giving him his immunizations before recommended shot schedule? He now has autism and i know that is what caused it. Lisa
Questions regarding employment termination protocol? 1) Aren't you supposed to receive a copy of termination documentation from your employer?  2) Can't you request
is my painting atomatically copyrighted when I date and sign it?
What are the steps I have to take for my wife to get deported if my wife is cheating? Hi
Does your job have to be union to go by seniority? Does your job have to be union to go by seniority?
How is it possible to have your car repossessed even if a month has not been up yet? Hi
Can a business be named as a party to a MOA? Can a business be named as a party to a MOA?
What are the laws for restraining orders and funerals?  What law protect a man with a restraining order in force to enable him to attend his grandfather's funeral without interference from his estranged wife
Do I still have a court date or will it be cancelled if I forgot to return my motion to change? I forgot to return my motion to change custody paper in to the court
Question regarding my daughter waitressing at a little cafe and working about 60 hours a week? My young daughter is waitressing at a little cafe and working about 60 hours a week. She was told when she was hired that she would be paid $2.13 per hour plus tips and that she would average at least minimum wage when every thing was averaged out. One week she came home and told me that she brought home $18.00 on her paycheck for a sixty hour week! We do not know what to do. This was not her tips-this was supposed to be her hourly pay. Where do we go from here?
Should I take legal action for a serious injury that happened a few years ago? In 2005 I worked for UPS. I was a supervisor at the time. An employee accidentally ran over my foot during a pre-shift meeting with a small forklift. I was out of work for 7-8months. I was harassed at the time I was out for. When I would be back and once I came back it got worse that I got another job with Pepsi
Can you buy a property if it is a short sale and you are related to the previous owner? Can you buy a property if it is a short sale and you are related to the previous owner?
Who can be suited to the organization as volunteer board members? I am president of a national 501 (c) 4
If I'm under age and have to go to the ER will they take me? If I'm under age and have to go to the ER will they take me?
Does employer have the right to demand a letter of resignation if you are leaving your job or is a verbal ok? Does your employer have the right to demand that you provide them with a letter of resignation if you are leaving your job or is a verbal ok?
What is the basic for a legal contract?  What is the basic for a legal contract? I know it's the meeting of the minds. What are the others?
Under Pennsylvania law
Is there any chance for me to get a work authorization when I changed my status from J1 to F1? Good Afternoon
Can the debt collectors put Liens on the property to cover my late brother's debt? My brother passed away this week
In a 2 year burglar alarm monitoring contract
How can I keep my green card? I'm a green card holder for 10 years volunteering abroad for long period time. What should be done to keep the green card?
Dissolve Partnership I'm starting a new company & I'm trying to dissolve with my current business partner. This is a franchise and they have agreed to release fully even with the non-compete. But
If an individual does not provide information requested in discovery and after a deposition
How long does my lawyer have to pay me since he as received and cashed the check? I settled my auto accident case with my lawyer in Maryland on Feb. 29th. 2012. My lawyer received a check for 3200.00 dollars of which 2201.00 is due to me. How long does my lawyer have to pay me since he has received and cashed the check?
If husband dies without having wife co-sign on mortgage
How to protect self financially after husband leaves? I am unemployed and my husband left. I can't afford a lawyer and my family says I should do something to protect myself financially so I am not responsible for paying for anything he does going forward. They suggested looking into legal separation. What advice can you give me about this?
what will happen in Florida on driving suspended 3 times? what will happen in Florida on driving suspended 3 times?
 Do you need more than one signature to get a title loan in South Carolina if the car is in more than one name?
Regarding POA
How do I go about filling out the form to file for a trademark? How do I go about filling out the form to file for a trademark?
Is the employer required to pay for on the job training? Is the employer required to pay for on the job training?
What is my legal obligation to uphold the contract to pay them if the company has dissolved? I have a notarized contract with a corporation that states that I owe them money. The corporation had since dissolved
Question about new members in a LLC? When adding a new member to a LLC
How can I get the money I am owed? My recent employer deducted credit card tips from my total gross pay and I never saw any of the tips from the credit cards on my check or in cash. How can I get the money I am owed?
My sister abandoned her daughter and left her sleeping in a car. She is willing to sign her over to my husband and I but we don't want her coming back later and taking her away. She has done this before and we don't want to see her destroy this child's future. What can I do?
How can I get my invested money back from a doctor online? I invested $3500. with a doctor to buy equipment to sell over the internet.  Now he is telling me that I should invest another $500 for health care products which would help get back the $3500 that I gave him. I have been trying to get my money back from him over a year now. When I call him sometimes he pretends to be someone else to avoid me.
Can my work legally cut my hourly wage back? I have been a employe of this company for 4 years making $22.80 an hour. Can they legally cut my hourly wage back to 19.50? I have never been wrote are even miss one day. So can they cut my wages?
What can I do to cover myself as I will market my business? I'm a wedding professional. I want to get involved and market my business on Pinterest but I'm scared I'll get sued for copyright issues even if I give full credit! What can I do to cover myself?
What are my chances of getting my money back if I've been paying for the car for over a year? I took over payments for someone who couldn't afford their car. In December
Is it legal to use vehicle names when writing book? I am writing a book
Is it legal to run a business in NY under the name of a corporation that has been dissolved? Is it legal to run a business in NY under the name of a corporation that has been dissolved?
If I must go to a nursing home can the nursing home still attach a lien against the property for my living expenses after medicare and insurance has been exhausted? I have transferred my property to my children.  If I must go to a nursing home can the nursing home still attach a lien against the property for my living expenses after medicare and insurance has been exhausted?  If so
When selling under land contract
When getting a separation from spouse is the bread winner required to continue paying for everything during separation? When getting a separation from spouse is the bread winner required to continue paying for everything during separation?
Can I legally put a sign on my front lawn that my neighbor is a thief? Can I legally put a sign on my front lawn that my neighbor is a thief?
How do I get repayment of money I loaned someone? How do I get repayment of money I loaned someone?
If I have no lawn can I water my outside plants anytime? I live in a mobile home park. If I have no lawn can I water my outside plants anytime?
Do I have to have a license to have a business? Do I have to have a license to have a business?
How to live with father full-time when mother has primary custody? My parents have been divorced for years. My mother has primary custody but I want to live with my father full time.  I'm 17. Is there anything I can do to make this happen with out involving the law?
Can my neighbor errect a fence that would keep me from using my property as I am accustomed to using it?
Do I need a representative if I have a court date and my ex does? I have a court date on July 17. I don't have a representative but he does. Do you think I need a representative for the divorce process alimony and his attorney fees?
Is this child neglect and abuse? My grandchildren
What recourse do I have if I was working in a hostile environment and let go? I was physically threatened at work by a supervisor and when I talked to his supervisor. He wouldn't do anything about it but tell me to suck it up and deal with it
What do I do for unpaid vacation due to me?  I just quit my dental assisting job of 4 years. My ex employer is refusing to pay me my vacation pay that I've already accumulated for the year. It states in the office handbook that we get our vacation pay if we leave our job. I told her it states in your office handbook and in the labor laws that employees get their vacation pay when they leave their jobs. She still doesn't want to pay me. What do I do now?
How do I form an LLC in CA? How do I form an LLC in CA?
How much jail time for misdemeanor?  What class is misdemeanor battery and how much jail time does it carry?
Can boyfriend and I get in trouble if I am underage? I am 17
What to do if involved with husband who bought a house with forged signature and involving divorce? My husband and I had a prenuptial. My husband bought an AS-IS house
When someone is gathering
Go to jail for shoplifting? Will you go to jail for shoplifting?
What to do when I lost everything after my divorce? Since my divorce
Legal for my company to stop paying overtime pay and requires us to take comp time instead? I work a full time job
Bank going after new spouse and business. If you own a business that has equity & you marry someone who is not a part of your business
What should our next step be if my husband won a judgement and we haven't seen the money yet? My husband won a judgement from an old employer quite some time ago and we have yet to see any money.  We did not use a lawyer
How much should I have to pay for one child in Georgia in child support? How much should I have to pay for one child in Georgia in child support?
Is it legal to with hold money owed to you from the seller of a house? Is it legal to with hold money owed to you from the seller of a house?
Is there anything I can do if I was fired for calling off because my daughter was sick? I was recently fired from my job for calling off because my daughter was sick.  I am a single mother with no family to watch them.  Is there anything I can do?
If I was a stay-at-home mom who gave up her nursing career
RE: Correspondence notes that were distributed in the 40's or 50's.  Paintings have been made of each picture depicted on the 18 note cards.  Will there be a problem if a decision is made to sell these paintings?  And
Am I legally obligated to pay back child support if I was granted sole custody and then terminated rights? I was granted Sole Custody of my daughter
With the fair use act
Is it illegal to keep a tv on a leased to own when the company is trying to retrieve the tv?
if landlord is selling the property
Can I serve as the legal guardian for my friend's son? The son of a close friend of mine (who lives in India) is coming to Illinois for his u/g education. Since I have been living in Illinois for a better part of last 20 years
What are my options if my court appointed lawyer offers no help? I was arrested in San Antonio for possession of a controlled substance.  I now live in VA. I cannot afford to travel back and forth to make my court date.  I am also on bond with a bond agency. My court appointed lawyer offers no help.  What are my options?
Should I sue if I just got a letter advising about foreclosure on my mortgage which is false? I just got a letter advising about foreclosure on my mortgage. I am supposed to be 2 months behind (which was reported to the credit bureaus)
Can someone be laid off because of their health? My sister Patty was laid off from McDonald's restaurant on 3-23-12.  They said because of her health she cannot work the hours they need her to work and they felt it was best for her if they laid her off and so she can collect unemployment.  They said they don't do that for everyone.  So can someone be laid off because of their health?
Am I legally responsible to pay for childcare regardless of my circumstances? Under FAM 024(b) section 304 Orders for child care costs - do I have to pay half even if I am not needing child care? My ex husband needs child care for his weeks when he has our son however I do not need childcare for the weeks when I have our son (we have 50/50)
Is it as easy as establishing different corporations and assigning 100% of the shares to the parent corporation? We are a mobile games developer and publisher.  We are seeking to release multiple titles in the iOS app store under different publisher names (studios) for branding purposes - unfortunately
Can an employer force you to work on your schedule day off? Can an employer force you to work on your schedule day off?
What state has authority over rights of surviving spouse in the case of death? NY resident
Does a police officer have to read your Miranda rights upon arrest? Does a police officer have to read your Miranda rights upon arrest?
Is it legal for landlords to ask personal financial information such as how much I have in checking? Is it legal for landlords to ask personal financial information such as how much I have in checking
Question about employment in a detention center? I was a nurse in a detention center. I recommended a detainee go to the emergency room because he did not look right and I had a bad gut feeling
I'm looking for a lawyer & want to find out their record
How long does one party have to pursue the other party once a contract is broken? How long does one party have to pursue the other party once a contract is broken?  2 years
Do creditor in Ca have to give notice before repossessing your car? Do creditor in Ca have to give notice before repossessing your car?
Law that prohibits two co-workers to speak to each other on break? Is there a law that prohibits two co-workers to speak to each other on break?
Recourse if I rendered a service after the boat was delivered? What legal recourse do I have if I rendered a service and the customer stopped payment on the check after the boat was delivered?
attorney referrals If u refer a person who's had an auto accident to a lawyer
Is it legal to use youtube videos in corporate training venues? None
Question regarding my job as a licensed practical nurse? I am an Licensed Practical Nurse here in Al. I would like to know can I cut toenails for individuals such as shut ins and residents in an assisted living and bill there insurance or Medicare for nursing services?
Is my landlord required to have my security deposit in an interest bearing account? I live in PA. Is my landlord required to have my security deposit in an interest bearing account?
Is it legal if my employer is making me work with no days off and 70 to 80 hours a week? I am a salaried retail manager for a store in Flemington
My ex-wife and I had a verbal agreement that she would pay back money she owed me on a monthly basis. She has not done so and I have sent her monthly reminders. She is now threatening to file harassment charges against her if I contact her. Is that legal?
Legal recourse if my employer refuses to offer a tax break to help compensate for commute? My Employer has refused to comply with San Francisco's law/ordinance that requires them to offer a tax break to help compensate for commute. It has been two years and $3
Should I register company or could I run as individual for dating website? Should I register company or could I run as individual for dating website?
How does it affect a child custody case for one of the parents to be in a relationship? How does it affect a child custody case for one of the parents to be in a relationship?
I was terminated for something I didn't do & I have not seen the proof. In the state of Virginia
Asked to get a deposition from the defendant when it was settled in 2003? My case was settled in August 2003.  Why am I being ask to get a deposition from the defendant?
Am I able to give both my lawyers 33% each when they both participate in my case? I have a personal injury lawsuit
Is child support subject to probate when payee dies & the father who pays the support is awarded custody? Is child support subject to probate when a payee dies and the father who has been paying the child support is awarded custody?
Would the legal jurisdiction be in CA where the father lives if daughter resides in MI with stepfather? Father lives in California
In CA
Can my husband lose his job if he's having surgery and his boss won't give him the day after surgery off? My husband is having surgery on the 14th of March 2012. His boss requires 10 days prior notice for anyone wanting to take off of work
Is my insurance policy still viable? After paying for a policy for  hospital insurance for an amount per day of hospitalization for over five years
Legal for my landlord to have eavesdropping devices in the hallway of the building I live in? Is it legal for my landlord to have eavesdropping devices in the hallway of the building I live in
What can I do if my ex is still on the mortgage and he is killing my credit score? I have been divorced from my ex-husband for almost 10 years. He kept the house
Help with a debt as we don't want to live in a senior community? I have a mortgage with Wells Fargo of $79000 and a home equity loan with bank America of $225
Do I have to vacate on the 9th or do I have time extra to vacate if the house is on foreclosure on Aug. 9? I am a tenant in  a house that  I have lived in for over 3 years and last week I was notified that the house will be sold for foreclosure on Aug 9
Is it possible for someone who does not have a dental license to own and operate a dental clinic in Michigan? I want to open a dental office and be the owner and managing partner.  The dentist in the office would be associates.  Problem is I do not have a dental license.  Is it possible for someone who does not have a dental license to own and operate a dental clinic in Michigan?
Terminated if I used all my leave time on back surgeries when I hurt myself on my job?? I hurt myself on my job i have had two back surgeries in four months
Do I have a right to keep my daughter if she wants to stay when my ex is threatening me? my daughter is visiting me for the summer and now would like to stay with me and finish her last year of high school where I reside. Her mother does not want her to and has threaten to call the police for kidnapping. We both have joint custody and my daughter will be 17 years old on 8/24/12. Do I have a right to keep my daughter if she wants to stay
Is there anything I can do since I just found out that my deceased husband had an insurance policy with the VFW? I just found out that my deceased husband had an insurance policy with the VFW.  The beneficiary is his first wife.  Is there anything that I can do?
How do I give equity to a founder after the company is incorporated? How do I give equity to a founder after the company is incorporated?I have a Delaware LLC that is in my name.  Do I need an addendum to my operating agreement?
Can an employer not pay you on a designated payday without prior notice Can an employer not pay you on a designated payday without prior notice due to the lack of money to pay their employee?
if someone is defaulting on an annual lease
Are the Will
If I was to put my money in a trust fund account will i be able to withdraw money anytime i like? If I was to put my money in a trust fund account will i be able to withdraw money anytime I like and how much would i b able to withdraw every week or month?
Are online Power of Attorney documents binding in US courts? Are online Power of Attorney documents binding in US courts?
Can I convert my business from a sole proprietorship to a LLC to protect my personal assets if I'm already in debt? Can I convert my business from a sole proprietorship to a LLC to protect my personal assets if I'm already in debt?
How do I relinquish the rights of my son's biological rights? I want the biological father of my 4 year old son to reliquish his rights as a parent.  How do I do this?
Issues with roommate's soon to be ex wife. Hello
What is the proper wording to ask: Are you able to legally work in the United States? In Massachusetts what is the proper wording to ask: Are you a citizen of the United States? Or are you able to legally work in the United States?
Legally
Can I state that the staff member requirements for full time as it was not stated in the contract and keep my housing? I signed a contract for on-campus apartments. In the contract it says to be eligible I have to (a) be a registered student
Is there a statute of limitation in Minnesota as to press assault charge? Is there a statute of limitation in Minnesota as to press assault charge?
Can I get any part of the business if I lived with them for four years? Georgia is not a common law state
Can an employer give health insurance to some employees and not to others? Can an employer give health insurance to some employees and not to others?
How long does the landlord have to send back the security deposit? How long does the landlord have to send back the security deposit?
Can I cancel petition for PDOS? My husband already had a visa and is ready to take his PDOS this week. I want to cancel his petition and stop him from coming to the U.S.
Should we deed over houses and vehicles while parent is still alive or just wait to inherit via will? State TN: Due to inherit (parent terminal)
How does joint custody over long distances impact child's schooling? What are the stipulations for a child's schooling when the parents have joint custody and physical shared custody but live 2 and half hours apart?
If ex-husband stops child support during brief lay-off
Can co-owners of single family homes refinance without the other's consent? Can co-owners of single family homes refinance without the others consent?
What to do if my landlord doesn't want to renew my lease because they want to sell the house? My landlord doesn't want to renew my lease because they want to sell the house. I don't have enough money or time to move out by August 1.
Is $130 legal and is renter responsible for owners personal items? My daughter is renting a house with no rental agreement and has been there for a number of years.  She just found out her rent is being upped $130 a month and that the owner wants her to get renter's insurance.  Also
My husband wants to buy a house and put his 2 children from a previous marriage names on the house
When the wire transfer goes into my account do I have to report it to the IRS at that time? I will be receiving an inheritance from an uncle in the Netherlands.  They will be taking out the tax there.  They are planning to wire the funds directly into my bank account.  When this wire transfer goes into my account do I have to report it to the IRS at that time or to any state agencies?  I have been told that any amount over $10
If a landlord sells the property
Can snowbirds be board members when documents are silent? Can snowbirds be board members when documents are silent?
Is my employer in violation of any labor laws if he wrote a check as material? my employer paid me straight time instead of overtime. Then wrote a check as Material instead of a payroll check. Is he in violation of any labor laws?
What's the cost for trademark? We wish to trademark few of our product names. We did the initial search and found them not taken. We want to file a trademark for the terms and wish to know the cost associated with filing each term.
Do I need the father's permission to take my daughter out of the country when I have sole physical custody? My name is Adela I have sole physical custody of my child. Do I need the father's permission to take her out of the country?
What legal rights do I have when I have the person's voice recorded who threatened me? Hello
What to do if a minor is constantly calling me the F word & verbally abusing for being gay a hate crime? What to do if a minor is constantly calling me the F word & verbally abusing for being gay a hate crime?
Can I change my probation to GPS monitoring on a simple battery? Can I change my probation to GPS monitoring on a simple battery?
Would child born in the US to a Canadian and an American denote dual citizenship? A child born in the US to a Canadian citizen Mother and American citizen father.  Would that denote dual citizenship?
Question regarding a signing promissory note to repay money I took from the company I worked for? I signed a promissory note to repay money I took from the company I worked for.  I forgot about the payments and it was to be paid off 5 years ago.  What should I do?  I don't want to go to jail.
How do I file a motion to have the court recheck the equations and fix the amount of child support I pay? CA- social services incorrectly documented my income as 130
Is it advisable to bring up the idea of a quit claim deed when we are divorcing? I want to turn our house over to my husband. We are divorcing. We have brought up the idea of a quit claim deed. Is this advisable?
How do I handle my ex who can't handle sole custody of our girls? My ex husband has sole custody of our girls.  I am supposed to have supervised visits.  He has called me telling me he can not handle it and needs me to come pick up the girls next week.  How do I do this so I do not get in trouble?
Can an artist sell a painting of my daughter without my permission?  I had a picture painted of my daughter but the artist sold a painting of my daughter to some stranger. Can she do That without my permission?
Can I just NOTIFY Roommate that her rights are now Void as per Agreement or file with courts? My Roommate Agreement specifies that Roommate Application becomes PART of the RM Agreement signed. RM Agreement ID's Lying in App as a Breach. My Roommate (Not on lease) lied in App (eg. Claimed salary of 100
Do you have to make another copyright if you change a word in the first one?
What are my rights in a divorce when property is involved? What are my rights in a divorce when property is involved and have been married for seven months?
Will the eviction follow me if I am going to move to Indiana in August? I am currently staying in the state of FL. I currently have an eviction under my name. Will the eviction follow me if I am going to move to Indiana in August?
My husband and I own a small A/C business for 23 years. I am his secretary and I am not on any document stating that I own this business with him. I can sign checks but he is president. We are getting older if something happen to him
If your ex husband remarried
The meaning of direct contact under the law for section 784.046? I would like to understand the meaning of direct contact under the law for section 784.046 in the State of Florida?
Can I apply for work permit if my baby is American? Hi
If I file bankrupt will that wipe out the back alimony due? Work has been slow. I got behind on my alimony payments. if I file bankrupt will that wipe out the back alimony due?
Is it legal for my landlord to raise my rent without proper notice? Is it legal for my landlord to raise my rent without proper notice?
Which state is better for IT projects where taxes are lower? Which state is better for IT project? Where are taxes are lower?
What are my rights if my fiance abandoned the house and stuck a lawyer on me? I was engaged and bought a house with my fiance. She left and stuck me with the house. She also went an got an attorney and originally agreed to some money back and her name off of the deed and mortgage
If your legal guardian is receiving SS checks for a minor & they spend it on themselves is that legal? If your legal guardian is receiving SS checks for a minor & they spend it on themselves is that legal?
What legal actions do I have? My dad died & my stepmom will not put his will in probate. I need to know what I can do? In the meantime she just died I want to make sure her kids do not take my dads things what are my legal rights? what can I do to keep her kids from taking my dads things?
What can I do to get my sons out of this crazy situation with their mother? I am a father of three boys
Question regarding my child being born in Michigan and never going to court for custody agreement? My child was born in the state of Michigan
Can an owner charge first and last rent plus deposit? Can an owner charge first and last rent plus deposit?
Can my lawyer get offered more money from the people I'm trying to sue? Can my lawyer get offered more money from the people I'm trying to sue
What could happen to us if we gave our dog water in the car and the sheriff calls it animal cruelty? We went into store and had dog in car. Air was on before we got out of car but as we got out of car we turned car off opened windows and gave dog a drink. We went in store came out to a sheriff by our car. I even gave dog more water at that point. Sheriff said animal cruelty. He said it was 101 degrees out so I showed him my phone that showed it was 88 degrees. I didn't have a bowl of water out for dog but I did have bottled water in car .I gave dog water before we walked in an after plus all windows down. What could happen to us? He said it was 959.13
Did they pass a law that young criminals can't get life without parole? Did they pass a law that young criminals can't get life without parole?
What to do if I still pay support when my 18-year-old daughter failed 2 grades and not in special needs? My daughter is 18 years old. She failed two grades and she is not a special needs student. I still pay support.
Question about nullifying a divorce through reconciliation? If a couple reconciles during the divorce waiting period in CA
Can an employer force you to buy health insurance? Can an employer force you to buy health insurance?
What to do if not sure what to ask during a custody trial as I'm on my own and my ex has a lawyer? not sure what to ask during a custody trial. I'm on my own and my ex has a lawyer.
Can I file for child support and time sharing  before I file for divorce in Florida? Can I file for child support and time sharing  before I file for divorce in Florida?
Is the contract still in force if the LLC dissolved?  I have a contract with LLC to share future royalty profit from my product; a year later
What can I expect when going to court for a dui failure to appear after turning myself in and bounding out? What can I expect when going to court for a dui failure to appear after turning myself in and bounding out?
I'm a father and I want to try and get full custody of my daughter? I'm a father and I want to try and get full custody of my daughter?
What motion title would I apply to reduce my unpaid fines to judgement so that I can get my drivers license? I want to file a motion
Does the landlord have the right to put a lock on the door if the rent is not paid on time? Does the landlord have the right to put a lock on the door if the rent is not paid on time?
If my brother's wife never signed a pre-nup
Can parental rights be relinquished if both spouses agree? In Colorado
What are the benefits
A stock photo website claimed that they have a copyright of an image we're using. I found this image as a royalty-free image 3 yrs ago
My car loan went from $17
Help if I am a single mom and my ex is fighting the parenting plan that is best for our two girls? I am a single mom and my ex is fighting the parenting plan that is best for our two girls. He has never paid a penny for child support.  I need help but I am on very limited budget trying to take care of our two daughters.  Is there a way that I could get help with this?
How do you handle a bench warrant from 8 years ago?  How do you handle a bench warrant from 8 years ago? It's a criminal charge. Who do i talk to pertaining this case? What should I do? I truly want to resolve the past issues and move forth.
Re-open the support I'm paying my ex & have the courts decide the amount based on their guidelines? Live in PA
What can I do to get my kids back? I am currently separated (not legally) from my husband of 15 years. He has recently taken the kids and is now not letting me see them saying he wants to fight for full custody. What can I do to get them back? I have no money. I was a stay at home mom
Do I have any legal actions for having my book edited with the company employer leaving derogatory statements? I published a book and because of a poor editing job
Can an employer have your work below the pay grade such as from carpenter to lawn work? Can an employer have your work below the pay grade such as from carpenter to lawn work?
Does my father need an attorney if his parents weren't born in the U.S. and he was born from a midwife? My dad is 65 years old
Do I have a case if I'm in fear of going back to work?  I work as a construction worker at a family buisness but I'm not part of the family.  The owner's brother a few years ago assaulted me and nothing happened to him. A few days ago he assaulted me again and now I feel I dont have a safe working environment. The person that assaulted me has not be fired or suspended
If you pay back taxes
Can an employer demote an employee and reduce their pay in LA? Can an employer demote an employee and reduce their pay in LA?
What is the difference between primary physical placement and partial physical custody? what is the difference between primary physical placement and partial physical custody?
What are foreign corporation requirements in DE
Do you need a special permit or license to operate a pet cemetery? do you need a special permit or license in the state of IL county of Morris
Question about appeal of a small claims landlord suit? Hello
Is it possible for them to refuse to even discuss lifetime use of the house for myself and insist on immediate sale? I have 1/3 ownership of my recently deceased husband's home along with his two adult children. It is the home we were both living in at the time of his accidental death. Is it possible for them to refuse to even discuss lifetime use of the house for myself and insist on immediate sale?
What is an employee at will?  What is an employee at will?  And constitutes Sexual Harassment?
Legal if I've been living in my place I rent for three years for a new owner to collect a deposit? Is it legal if I've been living in my place I rent for three years for a new owner to collect a deposit?
Can I get help from legal aid if I want to comply in filing court papers for my own privacy act? I need help in filing court papers for my own privacy act. I want to comply. Can I get help from legal aid?
Do I have any chance to get the items for the original price? On Monday
Am I entitled to the compensation?  I had a verbal contract with another General Contractor . I started working on the project and he stopped all work on the job and the job was finished by another contractor. Am I entitled to compensation?
If I complained about a waitress
Questions a parent has about their 16-year-old-daughter? A girl at the age of 16 or 17
How do I get payment arrangements made so I can legally keep the vehicle?  I was the executrix but i turned it over to the 2nd named individual. I was given a vehicle in the will. I was told not to do anything regarding payments until it went thru probate
Am I obligated to pay since the contract was lost? I was a member at a gym and was under the impression I was being billed monthly from my checking account. 9 months later I  was told I was being billed 180 dollars in a lump sum. My question is am I obligated to pay that since the contract was lost?
Can I legally ask my husband for help paying the bills until the divorce is final? I am a wife about to divorce my husband of six months
How to determine if my wife is entitled to some of my retirement? My wife and I are getting a divorce. She says that she is entitled to some of my retirement. How is that determined?
How do I get my name off the lease and keep from turning the gas and lights back on in my name? Hello
Can boyfriend's mother get POA after I am named POA? My boyfriend is in the hospital on life support. before he was unresponsive he named me his power of attorney in his living will and also stated in his will that if anything happened to him I would get full custody of his daughter. Could his mother fight this and become p.o.a and get custody?
Can you be served court papers at work without being there and can they give the papers to a co worker? Can you be served court papers at work without being there and can they give the papers to a co worker?
What legal wording might be used to limit my site's liabilities? I am building a website that in part
Is my uncle's estate still liable for a contract with an alarm company? My uncle had a 5 year contract with an alarm company.  He died. I as his executor
If my name is not on his bank account but am the beneficiary
What is the public policy that justifies copyright laws?'
Can I use my rent money to pay for things that are wrong with my house? Can I use my rent money to pay for things that are wrong with my house?
I copyrighted a commercial to sell electric mobility scooters to the public. Is there any way a dealer or manufacturer that are already selling the scooter to the handicapped
If I am terminated
If I wanted to move in with my dad with no custody agreement
Can non-profits offer end of year bonuses to reward for performance? can non-profits offer their employees end of year bonuses to reward for excellent performance?
How much money can my parents leave to me without losing my benefits? I've been getting SSD benefits since 1993
Can I file from out of state if I'm the only surviving child of my late mother? My mother died in May. I got notice from Teacher Retirement of Texas after notifying of her death that there are benefits payable from her account and asking for proof of heir ship to settle. She was 96 and left no estate or property. I am the only surviving child and have POA and executor status. They state that the document must be obtained from Probate Court. There is no other property and a small insurance policy has been paid. No claims from creditors still out. I live out of state in Georgia
What can I do to obtain my clientele I worked two years building? Hello my name is veronica my former employer let me go six months ago. I'm an independent hairstylist and she withheld my client information from me. phone numbers and names. What can I do to obtain my clientele I worked two years building?
Can I be fired because a customer calls in and said I was staring at her? Can I be fired because a customer calls in and said that on more than one occasion when she looked up I was staring at her? I wasn't asked anything
Do I or his child inherit the things in his name left in the will? I was married to a man who died before his parents but their will was not changed before they died. Do I or his child inherit the things in his name left in the will?
When quoting from the writings of others (in this case published books and poems)
What are laws about losing rights when in jail? I wanted to find out if my ex husband goes to jail if I could move out of state? He currently has visitiation at the center however has not attended in over 8 weeks. I have sole parental responsibility of my child. He is a special needs child and I feel it would be best to move to get him the help and family support he needs. Dad is currently out on bond and has a court date in the middle of may for drug charges. He has an extensive felony and misdemenor record. What are the laws about losing rights when your in jail? Is there a time limit? Can I move?
What are the policies in regards to refunds with a layaway contract? We bought a mattress from a store and put down a deposit and the store put it under a layaway contract. We decided we want our money back and the company said they can not refund or money because of their policy. We were told that in Oklahoma we have 48 hours on any contracts. Is this true?
Options if my partner believes she is doing more work than me & wants me to lower my percentage? I am a 50% owner of a business that I thought of. My partner believes she is doing more work than me and either wants me to lower my percentage or let her buy me out. What are my rights and options?
What do I need to do to be able to work with Federal Government in Ohio or Wyoming? I am a new Ohio based LLC. I have registered the company in Wyoming. What do i need to do to be able to work with Federal Government in Ohio or Wyoming? What permits do I need?Regards
What is the likely outcome if he is found to be the father which is a 40% chance? Live in Florida.  My husband is being sued for paternity and child support.  He has not worked at all this year and and only made $2000.00 last year. What is the likely outcome if he is found to be the father which is a 40% chance?
In California does my spouse still receive half of our homes equity if he signed an Interspousal Transfer Grant Deed at the time of purchase
Do I have to dismiss this case against them? TI signed a settlement
Estimated settlement for car accident with medical bills in $1210 and the insurance wanted to pay 700?  What is the estimated settlement for a car accident with medical bills amounting in 1210.00 and the insurance only wanted to pay 700.00 in pain and suffering? I have been to therapy for two months
Can non-custodial parent adjust child support through different state? If a non custodial parent lives in a different state than the custodial parent and pays child support to the custodial parental and the non custodial parent wants the support adjusted
Question regarding a contract for auto loan dated in 200 for $3500 and car was reposed? Contract for auto loan dated 3/24/2000
Since I am Pro Se
What's the difference between sole custody and legal sole custody? What's the difference between sole custody and legal sole custody?
What is process for contesting a second will?  What is process for contesting a second will? Original will hasn't been filed in probate nor second as yet.
Can the state of California take my 401k for back owed child support? Can the state of California take my 401k for back owed child support?
When a person gives notice they are leaving their job
Ex-boyfriend will not let me move with child out of country. Can I take my child and move to another country if it is for a job that is with the government? My ex-boyfriend agreed to it and now is saying no. We agreed that I would bring him home for summer and for holidays. What advice can you give me?
Is there anything I can do if my boss fired me for invalid reasons? I was fired from my job and was told by my manager that it was for missing work. The only time I missed work was for an injury to my hand (1 day off work) and my manager sent me home early for getting sick while at work. Is there anything I can do?
What is my course of action if the tenants are suing because of temperature differential? We are renting a (restored 1927) home with an operating air conditioning system.  The current tenants moved into the house in January
Is it right for my work to ask me in further
What can I do if the other party breached the contract? I am a musician who signed a contract for performance and the other party breached contract and I want to know what can I do about it?
Was Child Support suppose to take my income taxes? I am paying rears in child support and made agreement to have a certain amount taking out of my pay check every two weeks. Was Child Support suppose to take my income taxes?
What is the maximum that an employer can work an employee in a 24-hour period? What is the maximum number of hours that an employer can work an employee in a 24-hour period?
I am on parole and I live with my mother in-law and she rented a room out to someone that is on probation in Riverside County. I'm on parole in San Bernardino county. Can I get in trouble ?
How long does a employer have to pay me
Do I have any legal grounds for dismissal? My husband and I live in GA and have been married 26 years. We have our own business
Can I request to have the cost of this door taken off my rent? We have asked for a metal screen door on our front door.  The management office said
What's the legal age to sign binding contract as for a storage unit? What's the legal age to sign binding contract as for a storage unit?
Do I have to pay for my tenant's damage groceries if the fridge broke? I'm a landlord to someone in NC. The fridge broke and I had it fixed but now she wants $200.00 of damaged groceries. Do I have to pay her for that?
Can the lease be voided? I am unable to apply for a business license because of land use regulations for the property I am renting. When I signed the lease
Is it against the law if Plumbing companies in Florida only hire piece workers? There are plumbing companies in Florida that strictly hire piece workers. Is this against the law?
Can Due Process be denied in a custody case? Can Due Process be denied in a custody case?
Does officer have reasonable cause to search due to old DUI ruled in my favor and no bicycle lights? If I got pulled over on a bicycle at night for not having lights and had a previous DUI case on my record (even though I won the case)
Who is responsible for putting grab bars in the shower when I fell? I am disabled and need grab bars in the shower. I asked the landlord and he dismissed it. I fell last week and was all bruised and in pain. Who is responsible for putting those grab bars in the shower?
If you're asked to take a break after you start your shift do you have to take a break? If you're asked to take a break 20 minutes after you start your shift do you have to take a break?
Question of legal ownership of grandparents' lot? My grandparents purchased a lot to build a home on in 1944. My mother and my uncle were the only to children born out  the marriage. My grandmother died in 1947.  My grandfather remarried someone else and no children were born out of that marriage. My grandfather owned the property prior to remarrying after my grandmother died.  My grandfather and his new wife build a house on the lot and shortly after that my grandfather died. My mom and my uncle were the only two legal heirs of my grandfather. My step grandmother transferred the house over into her daughter's name and died a short time after that.  Now for thirty years everyone claims to be the legal owner of the house. My brothers and sisters want to seek legal ownership.
How do I take out my name from a deed? How do I take out my name from a deed?
My ex-boyfriend and I founded a tech start-up and I like to step down but maintain ownership. How do we determine a fair percentage of ownership/shares? Hello
What to do if I got laid off from my job and they are not trying to pay my last check? What to do if I got laid off from my job and they are not trying to pay my last check?
Is it legal for a dining supervisor  to make less then cooks that she supervises? Is it legal for a dining supervisor  to make less then cooks that she supervises?
How long does an individual have to cancel a contract in New York State? How long does an individual have to cancel a contract in New York State?
What do I need to do to file against someone for defamation of character? What do I need to do to file against someone for defamation of character?
Broke any laws if I invited a 18-year-old girl from Russia with her parents to Costa Rica and I paid? I invited a 18-year-old girl from Russia with her parents to Costa Rica with her parents and I was to pay their way. I live in Kentucky. Have I broken any laws?
How do I obtain a divorce that was never granted in '99? How do I obtain a divorce that was never granted in '99?
What to do if I contracted an auto mechanic to rebuild my engine and hasn't done so? I contracted an auto mechanic to rebuild my engine on April 11
Can I ask that I be covered for life if I divorce? I have been married for 35 years and covered by my husband's medical plan.  His lawyer said that I will not be covered if we divorce.  Is this true or can I ask that I be covered for life?
Legal to kick me out earlier because I didn't clean the bathroom? In May I moved from California to my moms house in Oregon. I've been living her for the past month and a half and receiving my mail here. When I moved in we agreed I would not have to pay rent and could stay and get a job to get on my feet again and move back to California. Even though we had an agreement to pay no rent I've been providing the house with food along with my brother. On June 30th she gave me a letter stating I have 30 days to move out which is fine but then today she stated that since I did not clean the bathroom I have to be out by tomorrow or she will change the locks on the house. Is this legal? What can I do if anything? I have no where to go until July 30th. She owns the house.
Can I take the teacher to court if the phone got stolen from teacher's desk? School policy prohibits cell phones it also states that they are not responsible for lost or stolen items. The teacher took the cell phone from my child.  Parents are to pick up from school. I wasn't called to pick it up. The phone got stolen from teacher's desk. Can I take teacher to court?
If my children's mother recently changed employers
If someone gives me a deposit on a boat and backs off for no reason do I have to give it back?  If someone gives me a deposit on a boat and backs off for no reason do I have to give it back? He tied up my boat for a week
Legal to keep my check if they are accusing me of stealing money and won't look at the videos? I bartend and my employers have me and my coworker write down the time and the draft beer we sell and put the money in a marked box for that particular draft we sell. We have four camera's behind the bar as well. Now every time as keg empties they add up all our marked sales and then they tell us we are short and charge us to pay them money. I do not know what kind of system they have but it's some crap. They now just called me and said we are short 95.00. This is impossible due to the fact #1 we are on camera #2 we write the time and mark the exact draft we sold #3 then place the money in the box. I am refusing to pay them anymore of my hard earned money. I told them they better review the videos. They said the will keep my check. Not legal?
How do you negotiate a contract once it's breached?
How can I get a car title that's in two different names transferred to one? How can I get a car title that's in two different names transferred to one?
What are my rights if my landlord says that I live in their house so I have to listen to them for errands? I am in a month to month verbal agreement. My landlords come into my apartment without notice to shut my windows or to tell me to pick something up. They say I live in their house so I have to listen to them. Kinda acting like my parents. What are my rights?
File for divorce in another state if the paperwork has been submitted in another state? Can I file for divorce in another state if the paperwork has already been submitted in another state?
Can an employer make you sign a paper stating the company is not responsible for any fines? Can an employer (LLC) make you sign a paper stating he (owner) & the company is not responsible for any fines charged to the employee or the company that the employee has acquired on the job?
Do I have any legal recourse with either SUV if my ex recently sold the old SUV without telling me a word? I bought my wife (soon to be ex wife) a pre-owned SUV outright. We took her old SUV off the road with the agreement and understanding that the old SUV would be mine to either sell or put back on the road under my name. She recently sold the old SUV without telling me a word. Do I have any legal recourse with either SUV?
Does HRBlock have a responsibility to pay this debt due to their fault? In 2009
Can the daughter sue for the car being that it was a gift from her father? A dad buys a car for his daughter for her 16 birthday gift. The car was still in his name due to her age and insurance. Then three years later
What do I need to do to replace the I-94 stamp on my new passport? I lost my old passport with I-94 stamp. Got the new one. What do I need to do to replace the I-94 stamp on my new passport?
At what age are parents not required to pay daycare? My step son is 12 years old
Is it legal for an officer of the court to come to my house and collect money when I never received a judgement?  Is it legal for an officer of the court to come to my house and collect money when I never received a judgement? If not
When is a 'request for dismissal' form filed: Before the court hearing or any time before the hearing? When is a 'request for dismissal' form filed: Before the court hearing or any time before the hearing?
What
Is there any action that can be taken to enforce the health insurance portion of the order? My ex and I have a custody and child support order. In the orders
Question about bankruptcy? Hi
How can I assume the mortgage has been living here for 4 years? I'm living in my uncle's house that passed away 2 years ago. Now the house is in foreclosure. How can I assume the mortgage has been living here for 4 years?
Question about a roommate refusing to cooperate? I am a freshman in college
How long after filing for divorce must other party be served? If I was to file for a divorce
If I have not signed a contract with a company about an alleged debt
Is it accurate that a product must be patented within one year of being released to the public? One of my competitors has recently filed for a patent on a product (we both manufacture) that was first sold on Amazon in June of 2009.  The patent filing date is Aug 2011.  It is my understanding that a product must be patented within one year of being released to the public.  Is this accurate?  Should I send the U.S. PTO a letter with this information?
What do I do if the condo unit harasses me to pay for the new roof but I'm disability? I live in a condo unit they decided to put in new roof and I'm told to pay for it BUT I'm on disability and now they want to harass me. What do I do as I have no money to pay?
Is there a statute of limitation if my ex-wife possibly filed a fraudulent case? My ex-wife filed for child support in 1988 in Los Angeles County. We were living together
In Florida can a security guard keep you from entering a gated community if you own a house there? In Florida can a security guard keep you from entering a gated community if you own a house there?
Can a restaurant take money out of your check if the cash register is short money? can a restaurant take money out of your check if the cash register is short money?
What is the proper course of action to take in this situation? The CEO will have the opportunity to receive in the Merger an amount of cash per share of his Company Common Stock that is substantially larger than the amount of cash per share than the other holders of Company Common Stock.This happened in the recent past and of course I was in an unequal barging position since the potential legal costs may have exceeded the amount of money I was eligible to receive in the transaction. The time to read the 1
Can we ask for a refund on the free oil changes and the extra $50 added to the purchase price? My husband and I bought a car about a month ago (2011 Nissan Altima). We registered the car and now the dealer says that their paperwork was wrong and that the VIN number is incorrect. During the signing we were told we would obtain four oil changes for free during the life of the car. They added that into the price instead of waving the fee all together as they stated. On top of all that
Legal to hold this employees pay until the company is paid for the job?   If an employee works on a commission basis
Do I have to go to court if I set up payment arrangements after served papers? I was served papers to appear in court for a debt. Afterwards I called and set up payment arrangements. Do I still have to show up to court?
Could I have a potential suit against the Save A Lot Corp? I was recently harassed by an employee of my local Save A Lot. The cashier followed
If I did a bankruptcy in 08 and it was before I got married can I do it again now that I am married?  If I did a bankrupt in 08 and it was before I got married can I do it again now that I am married? I live in Florida now but I did this in Maryland.
What license needed for starting online web hosting business? I am starting an online Web hosting business in Tennessee. What type of license do I need to apply for?
What countries got the less legal barriers to install an online travel agency? What countries got the less legal barriers to install an online travel agency?
With private easement
Is it possible for an electrician to file a judgement against me personally? I work for a youth center and Church.  We had a bill for an electrician and they filed a judgement against me personally.  Is that possible? The bill was to the corporation.
Can I give my child an automobile without him paying taxes on the gift? Can I give my child an automobile without paying taxes on the gift?
Were my parents legally married if my dad was raised by his uncle who gave him his last name? My dad was raised by his uncle who gave him his last name
 How can I legally keep a family away from my child?
How do I go about forcing my ex to have a paternity test done for my son who was born while we were married? How do I go about forcing my ex to have a paternity test done for my son who was born while we were married?
How is the dollar amount for child support calculated when you have 3 kids with the ex wife and another kid with someone else? How is the dollar amount for child support calculated when you have 3 kids with the ex wife and another kid with someone else?
What are the laws on working under the table and not receiving payment? What are the laws on working under the table and not receiving payment?
Does a lawyer check to see if the marriage license was ever filed? When filing for a divorce does a lawyer check to see if the marriage license was ever filed?
Legal to repaint his pictures if I paint Vincent Van Gogh pictures and sell them at craft shows? I paint Vincent Van Gogh pictures and sell them at craft shows. Is it legal to repaint his pictures?  I tell people they are his pictures.  Matt Gricar
How long will a copyright protect your company logo?
Can my landlord charge me money for getting a quote for replacements? My landlord has charged an exorbitant amount as the security deposit after i moved out. Can my landlord charge me money for getting a quote for replacements? the fee for just getting the estimate is 150$
Question regarding being sued by a GA vendor who sold product to my FL-based LLC? I have been sued in GA personally by a GA vendor of mine who sold product to my company which is a Fla based LLC. My company has not been active for the past 2 years. I believe that there is a question of venue not to mention that fact that he cant sue me personally for a corp. debt. Am I correct? What should be my response to this? I have not been served as of yet. I am currently living in California. Should I accept service? If I don't what are his remedies for not being able to serve me?
Question regarding mortgage purchased by a servicing company? My mortgage was purchased by a servicing company. I made my July payment to the original company and the new company is also trying to get a July payment from me. This is a squabble between the two companies about who should get the July payment. But  the new company shows me delinquent and has put me in collections
Can my landlord ask me to show a prospective new tenant the current house I rent without 24 notice? can my landlord ask me to show a prospective new tenant the current house I rent without a 24 hour notice and without him or one of his agents present with the prospective tenants?
If you give two weeks notice and use your dental during that time can the company cancel your insurance without contacting you first?   If you give two weeks notice and use your dental during that time can the company cancel your insurance without contacting you first?  Also how log until cobra must be given to you? Thank youMichael
Is an employer responsible for paying an employee vacation benefits when the company closes? Is an employer responsible for paying an employee vacation benefits when the company closes?
In the city of Westminster Colorado is it against the law to have more then 3 unrelated people living in a 4 bedroom house? In the city of Westminster Colorado is it against the law to have more then 3 unrelated people living in a 4 bedroom house?
As a temporary worker
Can I pull out of the sale because the roof warranty was a main reason I bought the 35 year old house? I have put a deposit on a house in Georgia. The home inspection was done and a roof leak was found. The seller did the repair himself and voided the roof warranty. Can I pull out of the sale because the roof warranty was one of the main reasons I bought the 35 year old house.
Is it legal to fire me a month after I have already been punished for something? I was terminated over a month after I received a minor violation. I had already received a write up for the infraction. Is it legal to fire me a month after I have already been punished for something?
What is the age of consent in California?  What is the age of consent in California? If I am 16 and dating a 18 year old
Are flash mobs protected by the first amendment? I am trying to organize a flash mob in California. It will be a freeze flash mob and it will not interfere with business. Are flash mobs protected by the first amendment?
Can you assign a contract for real property to another party? In New York state can you assign a contract for real property to another party?
Is it legal to terminate a woman who is pregnant because of health complications? Is it legal to terminate a woman who is pregnant because of health complications due to pregnancy in the state of Virginia?
When one purchases a computer
Help with a case against an harassing neighbor? I need a lawyer who handles harassment lawsuit from neighbors. I am being harassed by my neighbor in all different ways. The neighbor's fence and gate was encroaching my property. I gave a letter to remove the fence. They did not do it. Eventually I had to hire a lawyer and spent money. He is taking pictures of my grandchildren if they sit on the front porch and talk. He did not let my surveyor go into the property to mark property line. He threatened my contractor to call the police and have him arrested if he digs the hole to put the post because the hole would be near the gas line. The regulation is if the digging is to occur within 2' of the gas line then digging has to be done by hand. There are lots of other instances instances.
Can I sue credit card company for insulting me in letter? I got a settlement letter from my American Express Credit Card department. The letter addressed me as John Dummy Smith. Can I sue American Express for calling me 'Dummy'?
Is there any way my boyfriend can fight and not have the restraining order put on him by my parents? My parents put a restraining order on my boyfriend. Is there anyway he can fight it and not have the restraining order put on him?
if a homeowner is in foreclosure & dies
Can you sue after getting a tattoo and find obscene images hidden in it? Can you sue after getting a tattoo and find obscene images hidden in it?
Is there a new immigration waiver law today? Is there a new immigration waiver law today?
What rights does my boyfriend have when I gave verbal notice to vacate my home and refuses? I gave my boyfriend verbal notice to vacate my home (I own it) and how he is refusing to leave.  He has lived in my home for a year.  What rights does he have and what rights do I have?
Can an Employer change an employee's compensation from hourly to salary? Can a California Employer change an employee's compensation from hourly to salary after 5.5 years of service without the employee signing a form and with the employer knowing that over-time was always worked each paycheck for 5.5 years?
Is there a difference between joint legal custody and physical custody? Is there a difference between joint legal custody and physical custody?
How do I fight a charge for a $1000 carpet replacement fee for the entire apartment? I am being charged $1000 carpet replacement fee for the entire apartment due to excessive pet damage
If I want to adopt a child from overseas
Would social services have the right to put her in foster care because the father is giving up custody? My partner of 10 years has a sister that had a child. The child is 4months old and the mother can not take care of her. The father said that he would take care of her
Do I need to purchase the rights of songs and titles if I reference them in my book? I am trying to get a book published but my editor says I have songs
What are my rights as a single mother? What are my rights as a single mother?
Does management have a right to take pictures of the property? I live in a mobile home park and pay a monthly stipend.  I own the home outright.  Does the management have a right to come on to the property without my permission and take pictures of the property?
 My Brother Mike needs a letter written by a lawyer stating he wishes not to give up custody of his children. The lawyer he found wants a $5000 retainer fee. I was wondering where he can find a lower cost lawyer in the Sacramento area to write this letter for him.  Thank you so much
Right to stay at our late parents' house or could my brother have me evicted as he has estate control? My parents recently passed leaving us 4 kids the estate. I am currently living in their house. My other siblings have their own houses. My brother was given control over the estate. I cannot afford to move but my brother keeps pushing me to get out. He says he wants to rent it out for more than what I am giving him until the estate goes through the court process and we sell the house. My question is: do I have a right to stay there or could he have me evicted.
Will my mother be entitled to partial ownership should she outlive her husband? My 86 yo father and 78 yo mother never divorced
 If my neighbor loaned me 600 dollars and charged me 1200 dollars total to pay him back and I got hurt at work and I'm waiting on a workers comp check can he take me with a warrant because I don't have his money yet?
If I break the contract and he comes after me for the rest of this year's rent
If I get the divorce now what would happen with my husband's immigration status? My husband is waiting for his residency. I would like to know if I get the divorce now what would happens with his immigration status?
Can visitations be stopped if the father is a felon? Can visitations be stopped if the father is a felon?
Would I be eligible to get a visa if I'm 18 years old and came to the US from Mexico when I was 2? I'm 18 years old and came to the US from Mexico when I was 2. Would I be eligible to get a visa?
Money was taken from an escrow account that was not properly set up. What legal responsibilities does an attorney in Florida have to provide to someone when establishing an escrow account? I entered into a agreement this agreement instructed me to fund $100
What can I do about a summary Judgement? what can I do about a summary Judgement?
I got a partner that recently
Can we form an LLC with our c-corp and investors or would that violate SEC rules on investors? We have formed a c-corp to sell widgets to large retailers and received a large order from one of them. We are looking to investors to cover the cost of widgets to fulfill this order. Can we form an LLC with our c-corp and investors to do this and return percentage of the profit to the LLC after the retailer pays us or would that violate SEC rules on investors? We basically do not want to bring investors into the main c-corp or mess with SEC regs if we don't need to.
Can child support be transferred from a recently turned 18-year-old to their sibling?  Can child support be transferred from a recently turned 18 yr old to their sibling? State of Michigan.
 What is the law in Pennsylvania regarding NSF and is it a misdemeanor or a felony?
If I divorce my husband
Is there a statue of limitations to appeal a sentencing once partial time is served and is released on Parole? Is there a statue of limitations to appeal a sentencing once partial time is served and is released on Parole in the state is Florida?
Is there anything I have to do before I start fundraising? I'm 14 and I'm trying to organize a program where I ride a mile for every dollar donated to Mesothelioma John Hopkins Hospital Lung Cancer and Lupus. Is there anything I have to do before I start fundraising?
How long can you live outside the U.S without losing your citizenship?  Being a U.S citizen: How long can you live outside the U.S without losing your citizenship?
What to do if I have open joint legal custody of my son and my son's mother won't let me see him? What to do if I have open joint legal custody of my son and my son's mother won't let me see him?
When does the SOL in CA start if I just received a garnishment from a collection agency from a debt? I just received a garnishment from a collection agency from a debt on a credit card that was charged off in 2007. When does the SOL in CA start? From the time of the charge off or the time the collection agency buys the debt from the creditor?
Do I have a case if a coke box ripped in the store and fell on my foot? Do I have a case if a coke box ripped in the store and fell on my foot?
Is a subpoena served via e-mail legal in California?  Is a subpoena served via e-mail legal in California? This is a civil case and the subpoena is for a witness who has nothing to add.
Are you still liable to pay the loan if you are on the mortgage only? if you are not on the promissory note
Is there anything we can do to keep the house at this point if our deceased mother didn't leave a will? My mother passed away on January 30
If I call the mortgage company and try to make some changes are they able to take the house? My grandmother passed away and we have got my name on the deed for the house which is not paid off. The loan is still in her name. If I call the mortgage company and try to make some changes are they able to take the house?
Do I have any legal hope of recovering my money from my partner when we bought a house together? My partner and I bought a house together.  Even though we both invested our money
If something happens to my husband
What to do when a roommate is constantly smoking 24/7 and I don't like it? I have a roommate at my house who is smoking pot 24/7 and I don't like it
Question regarding Restraint of trade issue? Sears will not sell a particular oven control board to a consumer without the consumer having to rely upon a sears service technician to remove the device and replace it. A small business appliance repair business can not get access to the board. Is this not a restraint of trade issue?
Is it legal in CA to work for a private school and not be on the payroll or pay taxes but instead of wages receive free tuition for your children at the private school?  Is it legal in CA to work for a private school and not be on the payroll or pay taxes but instead of wages receive free tuition for your children at the private school?  If it is not legal
How long should it take for my lawyer to negotiate a settlement case? I have a case that settled 3 month ago. My lawyer told me the hospital has a lean on the case and he's negotiating them to lower the surgery cost. It's 3 month. Should it take this long?
What's going to happen if I got a ticket for driving on a suspended licence with knowledge I got a ticket for driving on a suspended license with knowledge in Hillsborough county Florida.  I have to appear in court.  What is going to happen?
How far back are employers in Illinois allowed to go when doing a criminal background check? How far back are employers in Illinois allowed to go when doing a criminal background check?
Can the company not pay portal to portal pay to the employee when sent on jobs? If you are provided a company vehicle to a technician
Can my Dad qualify for a US visa if he lives in Mexico and has Land and bank account under his name? Can my Dad qualify for a US visa if he lives in Mexico and has Land and bank account under his name?
Can I back out of my own sale? I sold my house and the closing date is set for April 30
What is the law against bullying in New York What is the law against bullying in new york state? My cousin's five-year-old son has physical injuries as a result of ongoing bullying in Marion
Do we have any recourse if my son got hurt at my house cutting down a tree and the homeowners will only pay $2000? My son got hurt at my house cutting down a tree. I am told by my homeowners  that they will only pay 2000. Do we have any other recourse?
I have lived with and cared for my 81 year old mother for 4 years. My question is can my siblings make me move out of her house when she passes away?
What liability concerns should I be aware of
Anything I can do to save my home if my home is on the county auction list this month for back taxes? I live in Michigan. My home is on the county auction list this month for back taxes. Is there anything I can do to save my home?
Transfer ownership of property to kin Our parents would like to transfer ownership of their home in Florida to their children now prior to paying off their home which they have five years left to pay.
Legal if I have a thrift store and partnered with a nonprofit and collected clothing donations? I am starting a thrift store and partnering with a nonprofit and will be donating 10% or more of my proceeds to the non-profit organization. I have collected clothing donations. I am in Texas. Is this legal?
Can an employer withhold a portion of a paycheck for not turning in paperwork on time? Can an employer withhold a portion of a paycheck for not turning in paperwork on time?
What can I do for shutting of water in the apartment? My landlord shut off the water with only 48 hours verbal notice
Is it legal to fire brother for being drugged on break at work? My brother was drugged and resulted in a trip to the hospital. He was on break at his work when he was drugged and he also got fired. Is that legal?
Do employers need to provide dry cleaning for employees required to wear uniforms? Do employers need to provide dry cleaning for employees required to wear uniforms in NY state?
Standard procedure for told that the insurance of the garage should provide legal if we are not their clients? Good evening. Thank you for your assistance. We took our car to a mechanic for 60000 miles maintenance. When they test drove the car
Do I have to pay the monthly charge for a 3-day free trial when I never canceled? I did a 3 day free trial on a website on the Internet. I took a few minutes just to see what they had to offer
What are some typical terms in a convertible note?
During my 1/2 lunch break can my supervisor talk to to me about a business matter? I live in Idaho. During my 1/2 lunch break can my supervisor talk to to me about a business matter?
What's the law regarding lunch if the company clocks us out even if we're still working? My company keeps clocking us out for lunch 12-1 even if we're still working. Sometimes we don't get a lunch and are still docked the hour for a lunch we worked through. The company says the law says our time cards need to show a lunch. What's the law regarding lunch. Our business is mobile and appointment based and some jobs take longer than others.
If I hand in my notice this week with a 2 week notice will they make me pay the relocation fees? I currently have to pay back the relocation fees I incurred moving to California. The company made me sign a letter which stated that if I handed my notice within a year I would be liable for the payment. My year anniversary is March 17th. If I hand in my notice this week with a 2 week notice will they make me pay the relocation fees?
After an auto accident are all medical bills paid by the insurance of the person at fault? After an auto accident are all medical bills paid by the insurance of the person at fault?
How do I file for a divorce if I am unaware of his whereabouts and he's unwilling to sign the documents? I recently became aware that my husband who abandoned me in October is expecting a child this month. How do I file for a divorce on these grounds if I am unaware of his whereabouts and he is unwilling to sign the documents?
What can I do if my former roommate won't pick up his car from my property? I threw my roommate out for personal reasons about 3 months ago. He left his car. I've told him several times to come for it and no response. What can I do?
If my name is not on a shared rental agreement am I obligated to pay rent if I am staying there? If my name is not on a shared rental agreement am I obligated to pay rent if I am staying there?
Can I get custody of my children if their mother has created an unstable environment? Can I get custody of my children if their mother has created an unstable environment?
How to remove person from lease? How can I remove someone from my lease?
How do we decide fairly about the assets division? I've been married for 23 years
Possible to garnish his wages and get the money he owes me
After completing the financial power of Attorney does that make my husband responsible for all his ANY of his past and present debit? My husband has a father in Utah in a nursing home and we live in Colorado. They are asking my husband to get Financial Power of Attorney for his father because he needs to be on his father's bank account while his father is in the nursing home. Reason why is his father cannot get Medicaid until we have his bank account $2000 or under. After completing the financial power of Attorney does that make my husband responsible for all his ANY of his past and present debit?
Legally binding If my husband had our divorce papers notarized without me present? If my husband had our divorce papers notarized without me present (or me knowing) are they legally binding?
Can a landlord deposit your rent then evict you before you even move in? Can a landlord deposit your rent then evict you before you even move in?
What actions can I take when someone forged my name on a release to my interest on a mobile home? What actions can I take when someone forged my name on a release to my interest on a mobile home?
Am I liable for remaining child support if pay reduced by disability? If I slipped and fell at work and was on disability for 5 months and was only getting 60% of my normal pay from disability and I am still paid my child support but only paid 75% of the normal court ordered amount
Is it a transverse liability if I bumped my head on a bug zapper at a grocery store? I bumped my head on a bug zapper at a grocery store and it somehow is a transverse liability but it was around the corner and not noticeable even though it was bolted to the wall. What do you think?
Why doesn't grand larceny law apply to pay day loans high interest fees? Why doesn't grand larceny law apply to pay day loans high interest fees? I have a title loan for 2500.00 annual %95.876  41 payments @212.03. total 8
How do I go about getting an Attorney to get a custody order signed by the Judge so I could take care of her on Saturday and Sunday? My wife left and took our 10 month old baby & will only let me see her at her moms house in Kuna
What's the best way to pass on a home? What's the best way to pass on a home?
What options do we have if a neighbor has installed a light that  disrupting our ability to open our windows? I have a neighbor who last October installed a light on his garage that is the rivals any beacon in Las Vegas!   It lights up the entire side of my home and 1/4 of my back yard and my next door neighbor neighbor has the same light shining upon his home.   This has been disrupting our  ability to open our windows and enjoy the Spring
Is doing 80 hours for 4 years but getting part-time benefits wrong? Is doing 80 hours for 4 years but getting part time benefits wrong?
Who should pay for the supervisory service which runs from $40 to $70 per hour if my ex wife is bi-polar and I have full custody of my sons?   My ex wife is bi-polar & I have full custody of my two sons. She pays no child support & the weekly visitations are to be supervised
Legal if I was never asked of giving the option of lease renewal? I live in Fort Myers Florida
How do I go about filing a suit against my company as I feel there is racial discrimination taking place? I have worked for a company for 2 years. Now and I feel there is racial discrimination taking place. How do I go about filing a suit against them?
Is it still possible to collect if my ex didn't help with child support? my ex didn't help with child support. Is it still possible to collect?
If a couple is legally married
I received my first traffic ticket. What do I do? I live in NYS & I have never even received a traffic ticket until the other day when I was issued a UPM. It's my first time ever receiving any penal arrangement. What do I do? I'm 18 years old.
What do I do if my husband and I were separated for 10 years but wants me to pay something since he is jobless? My husband and I have been separated for almost 10 years now and he has filed for divorce. When we were together he was able to work but kept quitting his jobs. Now that he has moved on and is with another woman
What do you do when you work 109 hours in a period of 2 weeks and only get paid for 72 hours? What do you do when you work 109 hours in a period of 2 weeks and only get paid for 72 hours?
What to do if I've been at place for more than 5 years and landlord trying to evict me? What to do if I've been at place for more than 5 years and landlord trying to evict me?
What to do if we're afraid my husband's sister-in-law will put our mother in nursing home after gaining POA? My husband's sister-in-law has power of attorney of his mother. I'm afraid she wants to put her in a nursing home for no reason. Can my husband and I fight this? She is divorcing her husband the other son.
Lost revenue due to a vendors inferior product/service I am self employed. I earn $200 per day. A vendor that supplies a alcohol breathalyzer for my only vehicle has forced me to lose $1000 in lost income n the past 14 months & may possibly lose a client due to an inferior product that has kept me side lined since the 7 Jan. 2012 while the company sends me another unit or fixes the brain. Can I seek lost wages from this company?
Does custodial parent's holiday agreement override other parent's visitation? I'm the custodial parent and the custody agreement gave me a day from the other party's weekend. Does my holiday agreement over ride his visitation day?
Do I have to comply with my ex's demands if he changes our son's pick-up day and time through him? My 10-year-old child has a set visitation schedule with his father. His father and I don't communicate
How do I get my property back from my ex-wife? My wife divorced me over a year ago. She kept everything and won't give me my property. She says everything is hers. How do I get my property back?
Can my son adjust his status if he is in the US and just got his green card? My son is about to get his green card from NATIONAL VISA CENTER. He is in the US. Can he apply for adjusting status?
What are the requirements to get a work permit for Obama's new law? What are the requirements to get a work permit for Obama's new law?
What is the legal age to move out on your own in the state of Washington? What is the legal age to move out on your own in the state of Washington? Especially when the home you are living in now is worrying you about your own mental Heath?
What should I do when I go back to my country if I had a baby and I'm on a visitor's visa? I'm here on a visitor's visa for six months. I had a baby here. What should I do when I go back to my country? Will I be in trouble?
Is my sister-in-law liable for half the bill? My wife shared a vacation to Japan with her sister. Hotel arrangements were made and one hotel was booked by mistake and costs over $7000 for 3 days. Though my wife booked the wrong hotel they both knew before they got to the hotel what it was going to cost. They both stayed for the entire stay and used all the services. My sister-in-law refuses to pay half the bill saying she did not make the booking mistake
Are pay cards an approved way of paying employees in the State of Utah?  Are  pay cards an approved way of paying employees in the State of Utah?  We are an Arizona contracting company bidding jobs in Utah.  For our employees who do not have auto deposit for their payroll
Is CVS liable for the negligence or do we have a case? My mother is an Alzheimer's patient and I always refill her medication at CVS in Duarte
Is there a chance of me receiving unemployment after being fired after 13 years? Is there a chance of me receiving unemployment after being fired after 13 years?
Does my husband need to be there when I file and get it notarized? I'm filing for divorce. My husband signed the papers but we don't have any assets. Does he need to be there when I file and get it notarized?
Can my ex wife keep access from me by email or telephone contact? Can my ex wife keep access from me by email or telephone contact?
Is there a statute code against unemployment termination? I was terminated from my job
What are the laws on pools during home sales? Is there a law that requires a pool to be maintained during and before a home sells? I'm buying a home on short sale and it's been vacant for almost two and half years. The pool is green with fish living in it. Should it be up to code before sale is complete and who is liable?
Can I anonymously report to the IRS?  My landlord takes rent in cash and does not report it to the IRS and I'm moving. Can I report her anonymously to the IRS?
Is there a way to gift an auto to a needy person? Is there a way to gift an auto to a needy person that you know (not a gifting center) and get a tax deduction?
Can a person under 18 rent without being emancipated? Can a person under the age of 18 rent in the state of Illinois without being emancipated?
Does a person convicted on lewd and lascivious act on a child be punished for their acts? does a person convicted on lewd and lascivious act on a child be punished for their acts?
Possible way to get a 22-year-old guy less time in jail if he had revealing pics of a minor? I was dating this guy as he's 22 and I'm 15 going on 16. Well we got caught and they now have his phone which does not have not good pictures of myself. I go to court August 1st to give my deposition. Is there any possible way to help him get less time or anything better then what hes has been offered? I want nothing to do with him. I just want him to be out of jail and to be in his kid's life .
Question about an LLC entity agreement? I am in a 50/50 LLC entity with agreement. My partner set up separate business bank account and moved $25K funds from our LLC to the bank account without my knowledge and consent while I am out of town on a 3-month vacation. Her reason is she is doing all the work while I am on vacation. We agreed before I left that I would pay for help for her from my draw plus $1000/mo. compensation for her extra work. Any draw she takes above this
Is there any way to contest a laser speed gun? I recently got a speeding ticket in Commerce City Colo.  At the time I was having a medical issue that could not have been anticipated.  To make matters worse I was in a school zone.  I was told that I was caught with a laser speed gun.  Is there any way to contest a laser speed gun?
How long do you have to collect payment from a company in Florida?  How long do you have to collect payment from a company in Florida? In Illinois
There is an agreement to rent storage space at a certain monthly fee due within the starting seven days of each month. The renter pays the owner the money timely. It's private property. What if the owner alters lock and key after initially lending both to the renter?
What type of legal document do I need to be prepared to show the court for my child support case? My ex husband and I have agreed that my child support is satisfied.  What type of legal document do I need to be prepared to show the court?
Legal for my husband to leave me with the bills if divorce isn't finalized yet? My husband has filed for divorce. He just moved out of house and left me with house & bills. I'm a stay-at-home mom and have been for 13 years. is it legal for him to do this if divorce isn't finalized yet?
What can I do to modify my visitation and or get custody of my daughter? My 6 year old daughter was taken to Mexico by her mother without my permission I have court ordered visitation that she violated my daughter has been transferred out of school and I have no way of contacting her mother and no idea of where she lives I had a sheriff escort me to the last known place of residency and the sheriff was told that she is in Mexico what can I do to modify my visitation and or get custody of my daughter? Do I have a case ?
What will be my obligations to my wife and the child who isn't mine? I'm getting divorced from woman I brought from London
 If a tenant is gone for more than 30 days from their apartment can they be taken off the lease?
Is it legal to fire someone over the phone? Is it legal to fire someone over the phone?
What can I do if the mother of my child won't let me see him? I have a four year old son which I haven't seen I the past few years because my son's mother won't let me see him. What can I do?
Who is legally responsible for the cost of the window's replacement if a golf ball bounces? In California Law
Is it legal to be refused a raise for absentee even if doctor notes were provided? Is it legal to be refused a raise for absentee even if doctor notes were provided?
If the absent Father is leaving to Military what steps should we take before Fathers leaves? If the absent Father is leaving to Military what steps should we take before Fathers leaves?
Is there any way to gain custody without the parents' approval when they're not willing to sign over custody? I have been caring for a baby since Christmas with little or no help from his parents.  He's almost 5 months old.  The parents are not willing to sign over custody.  Is there any way to gain custody without their approval?  The parents and child are not related to me.  I didn't even know the parents before taking the baby.  They asked me through a family member whom they know.
What rights do I have after being removed from my position? A few months ago our company was bought out. A few weeks in my department manager job was taken from me and given to an employee from another store (This woman was the wife of another manager that was also placed in our store). I was told by our new GM that she had better things for me and to be patient. In the meantime
Can a bank take over my mortgage from another bank and change it to a consumer loan? Can a bank take over my mortgage from another bank and change it to a consumer loan with out my authorization?
Can a credit card company use a local attorney to sue me in the magistrates court?  Can a credit card company use a local attorney to sue me in the magistrates court? Can they get a wage garnishment or lien on my house? The credit card debt is $11000 and is in my name only. The house is joint ownership  and will the garnishment be least expensive way out? So far they have only offered to settle for 50%. If they get a garnishment and the debt is still there can they sue me more?
Can I get unemployment as the reason why I was fired are all lies? I just got fired after 1 year of employment. Can I get unemployment as the reason why I was fired are all lies? I believe I was set up and I can prove it.
Who actually owns the fence if it was put up many years ago when the land was a horse pasture?  We just bought a new home.  There was a fence on one property line.  Who actually owns that fence if it was put up many years ago when the land was a horse pasture?  The property is in Ohio.
Am I entitled to know the tenant's personal information?  I'm using a property management company in Las Vegas to take care of an out of state home I'm renting out. Am I entitled to know the tenants personal information? (SS#
Is it illegal to file a uninsured motorists claim when the vehicle was insurance under a different insurance? Is it illegal to file a uninsured motorists claim when the vehicle was insurance under a different insurance?
What's limitation on frivolous lawsuit?  What is the limitation on filing for recovery of expense when the plaintiff is proven to have filed a frivolous lawsuit in the finding of facts by the Judge?
How many days does an employer have to pay you? How many days does an employer have to pay you?
How long do you have to file a suit for a medical malpractice? How long do you have to file a suit for a medical malpractice?
Is it okay for a defense against an eviction if I asked the owner for payment arrangement? Is it okay for a defense against an eviction if I asked the owner for payment arrangement?
Do I need to hire a real estate attorney if I would like to do a short sale on a rental house in AZ?  Do I need to hire a real estate attorney if I would like to do a short sale on a rental house in AZ? Will that effect other property I have in that states or others?
Legal for the work schedule to be really late? My employer always waits til the last minute to give out schedules for the following workout week (usually sat night or Sunday). However this week it's now Monday at 12:15pm business opens at 5 pm and we still have yet to receive our weekly schedule. Is this legal?
Question regarding my daughter working at a restaurant and a coworker locking her in the cooler? My daughter works at a local well known big restaurant just the other night a coworker locked he in the beer cooler on purpose not just for a min.  for over a half an hour turning off on and off the lights. She was terrified
When does the employer have to pay the final check after being fired? When does the employer have to pay the final check after being fired when on a commission base?
If I am in the middle of a PIP lawsuit can I move out of state? If I am in the middle of a PIP lawsuit can I move out of state?
Does the owner have to by law provide a dial tone in a house he rents out? Does the owner have to by law provide a dial tone in a house he rents out?
What does vacating a family law case mean? What does vacating a family law case mean?
Since this is my first home purchase
If someone is pulled over for any reason while driving a friend's car in which they are not insured & this person that borrowed the car does not own a driver's license
Legal to give my SS card to my landlord? Do I need to give landlord a copy of social security card after providing The ssn on application along with copy of ID card? My potential landlord is asking for the ss card.
If I have been divorced for 10 years
If my employer has me under contract that is supposed to be accompanied with a signed policies and procedures page and I've never signed the policies page
Can I sue for compensation for advertising their company  without consent? An advertisement of me losing 21 pounds in 18 days was posted on my Facebook account. It says that I used this product
Is an email still considered a form of contract? In the process of beginning a contract
Legal for my work to tell me to return or they start the termination process? If I had back fusion surgery in 12/11 & have not been medically cleared by my doctor to return top work
Contract Law My husband was in a independent contracting/lease purchase position with a trucking company.  They terminated his contract & took back the truck he was leasing-to-own for an accident that he was in which he was not at fault or ticketed. They have a truck maintenance escrow fund that he has put over $17
If a consumer enters a 3 year home alarm agreement
 While living in Colorado
Legal for my paycheck to be garnished for a debt that is no longer  on my credit report? Is it legal for my paycheck to be garnished for a credit card debt that is no longer  on my credit report?
Unmarried mom with no child support: Can biological dad claim her on taxes? I am an unmarried mother who does not receive child support. The father doesn't live with us but is on the birth certificate. Can he claim her on his taxes?
Can medicare ever attach your assets? Can medicare ever attach your assets?
Is the policy legal? A provision: Failure to Give Possession states that If Lessor cannot provide possession of the Premises to Lessee at the starting date of possession
If I don't know where my husband is
Legal in CA if we do not have a policy that requires only English to be spoken in the workplace? Is this legal in California? we do not have a policy that requires only English to be spoken in the work place. Employees may speak in languages other than English at work when NECESSARY. Employees are required to know English
Can repo claim that if do not return
Can my 13-year-old son legally see without supervisor? I need advice concerning supervised visits. My children are 13 and 10. my son
Is it possible for me to have custody of my child if I do not yet have a place of my own to live? Is it possible for me to have custody of my child if I do not yet have a place of my own to live?
Legal if my mom isn't using the child support I received from my father for my education? I am 18 my father has paid child support to my mother since I was 3
Do I need any other permits in Georgia if I have a business license for my Apartment Locating business?  I have a business license for my Apartment Locating business. Do I need any other permits for the state of Georgia?
What can I do if a friend owes me a lot of money and won't pay back $78
How long until I am hired or fired? I work as an independent contractor for a large company in PA. I got the job through an employment agency. I get no benefits. How long until I am hired or fired?
Rental contract that is past due. I have a rental contract for electronics and I have only two payments left that I am behind on. They are threatening to file stolen property charges on me. Can they do this with only two payments left?
How to copyright Beatles photographs if unsure whether already copyrighted? I recently acquired
Can I collect the union retirement awarded to me through my divorce with ex-husband? Can I collect the union retirement awarded to me through my divorce with ex-husband?
I need a power of attorney for mother-in-law.  I found out she has a middle initial on driver's license and middle name on Medicare card. Which name should we use?
What advice would you give me for my father who was terminated from his job and his home? My father worked as a super for 5 years with rent free apt. He was given two weeks notice of termination of his job and told he had to vacate the apt. Both he and my mother are senior citizens. My mother is disable. They have no were to go. What advice would you give me?
Can my wife be terminated at Amazon because of the association to me or would that fall under a protected status? I worked for Amazon.com and was fired in 2010 because I was caught stealing.  It was a pretty big case and I ended up with probation.  My wife (we weren't married when this happened) is set to start working for Amazon in a few weeks.  Can she be terminated because of the association to me or would that fall under a protected status?
Questions pertaining to contract termination My contract with another company was terminated due to breach nine days into a pay cycle. Can the other withhold the  payment for those nine days?
What to do if nobody will help me fix my house? I bought a home from Payless home in Wesley Chapel
How to break my lease with undesirables in the apartment? I signed a one-year Lease in Illinois for an apt. w/ a friend. She brought in friends which were detrimental to my mental and physical well-being. I am working two jobs and attending college. These undesirables caused me to be unable to be attentive to my studies which affected my grades.  It is in my best interest to move out immediately
Is it legal for our apartment manager to refuse our early move after signing papers? My husband and I are trying to get out of our year lease due to the fact that we unhappy with our living conditions and complaints from neighbors. We reached an agreement with our apartment manager and have signed paperwork stating that we could leave etc. On the same day as we reached an agreement they decided to change their mind and are now not letting us move out early. Is this legal?
How to register a complaint and be paid for the last two days I worked? On Tuesday evening April 10th my employer went out of business (I think through a bank take over).  We were paid for the week before but have been told that we would not be paid for April 9 & 10th.  I want to know how to register a complaint and be paid for the last two days I worked.Joan Weber (joanwbr@yahoo.com)
Can I self file for divorce? I have been separated since July 1993 and I am just now filing for divorce. My children are all adults so there will be no child support or custody issues. There are no assets or debts in the marriage. There will be no contesting from either party. Can I self file or do I need a lawyer?
I want to set up multiple companies under the same umbrella. How do I set up a S-Corp OR C-Corp if I am the only person running the business? How can I set up multiple businesses that I own as subsidiaries of each other but keep them as separate entities
How can I obtain a copy of a lease for proof of address? I went to court to have my support order stopped because my son has his own place and I have his address
Can I get out of the contract if I bought a new car and was lied to about the sticker price? I bought a new car today and I was lied to about the sticker price. Can I get out the contract I signed?Wayne
Is the insurance company suppose to give me all the money and let me pay my own medical bills? I was in a car wreck and the person who was driving has insurance. Is the insurance company suppose to give me all the money and let me pay my own medical bills?
Legal to use an image of Google Search as a desktop wallpaper? Is it legal to use an image of Google Search as a desktop wallpaper? Just for this use
If my son broke his friend's television
Should I contact the law firm or the collection agency to negotiate the debt? I have a judgement placed against me from a collection agency that purchased a credit card debt.  The original debt which was a little over $8000.  Now
Legal if the company wants its drivers to be on call without paying us to be on call with new cell phones? I drive trucks for a living.  My supervisor informed me
How to protect website/business idea? How to protect website/business idea?I want to bring in a website developer as a business partner since I can not afford to hire one but I am afraid of disclosing the idea because they may steal my idea.
After a motion to clarify is deny how much time do we have to appeal? After a motion to clarify is deny how much time do we have to appeal?
Does 3 hours a day 4 days a week come under guidelines of FAPE? Does 3 hours a day 4 days a week come under guidelines of FAPE or is it a little extreme?
Will I be able to get an U.S. bank loan for my International business? I am an U.S. citizen. I want to start an International Business Corporation. I understand that by doing so
Do I have to pay corporations fee if I have not done any business? I obtained a business license last March for an LLC. I have not done any business this year
If my uncle breaks my door down because I refuse to give him his personal property
Can a real estate agent make financial predictions? Can a real estate agent make financial predictions?
Is there a certain percentage an attorney is allowed to charge a client for representing them in a wrongful death lawsuit? None
What is the law regarding insurance coverage when leaving a job? I left a company that was offering health benefits. My wife went to the doctor the last week I was there. The company is refusing to cover it even though they took out a payment on my last check. What is the law regarding insurance coverage when leaving a job?
Can I put a lawsuit if I was working for a year and a half and I work overtime so many times but never got time and a half? Can I put a lawsuit if I was working for a year and a half and I work overtime so many times but never got time and a half?
Recourse if my partner removed by name as VP? I have a partner in a business and they changed the filings with the State of Florida by removing my name as Vice president. They then used those documents to remove me from the bank accounts. What is my recourse?
Can one parent transfer a child support case out of state without the consent of the other parent? Can one parent transfer a child support case out of state without the consent of the other parent?
How much time do you get for driving on a suspended license while on parole and getting in a accident? How much time do you get for driving on a suspended license while on parole and getting in a accident and causing great bodily harm to the passenger?And its my fifth felony.
Question regarding joint legal custody and joint physical custody of my 2-year-old son with my ex? I have joint legal custody and joint physical custody (I am the custodial parent) of my 2 year old son with my ex. We were never married. I am not getting married in the near future to someone in the Navy stationed practically on the other side of the country. We currently live in Michigan but would need to move to San Diego
H
What percent of my income can be withheld by law if I owe back child support to my adult children? My children are both adults now and I owe back child support. What percent of my income can be withheld by law?
Would I have to start paying my ex now if I made more income? I had been married for 16 years
How do I collect what is owed to me and how long do I have to collect on this judgment from 2005? I have a judgement against my ex-wife. How do I collect what is owed to me and how long do I have to collect on this judgment? It was set in 2005.
 In a divorce matter
Can I forbid family members from having contact with my daughter?  Hello
 If I gave a one month notice and the company only accepted 2 weeks
Is it okay for me to keep my tips if I am one of the owners and work as a server? I am one of the owners of a restaurant and often work as a server also. Is it ok for me to keep my tips?
What kind of taxes will I have to pay for my company if I register it in the States?  I am creating an online editing business where clients will send materials online
Illegal to have one worker have all 7 days on schedule with no days off?  is it illegal to have one worker have all 7 days on schedule with no days off? Also to have an employee (me) be there full time and be there longer than other fellow employees
How much jail time can you get for illegal substance? How much jail time can you get for 4 grams of marijuana?
What to do if my boyfriend completed a job and hasn't gotten paid yet? My boyfriend completed a construction job over a week ago
Can I be charged with a felony battery even though it has been so long? I have one prior domestic battery eleven years ago and one battery on Leo six years ago. Can they charge me with a felony battery even though it has been so long?
If some company sends you a book that you didn't order
How do we see our grandchildren? My daughter refuses us visitation of our grandchildren because we had an argument. How can we see our grandchildren?
When buying a revenue is there another way for protection besides forming a company? When buying a revenue/rental property I have been told that you should form a company and buy it through this company to limit liability should your tenant decide to sue you personally.Is there another way to protect an owner besides forming a company?
Is there a way of having an Advocate to mediate in my sister's affair? I have a sister who has all her real estate and funds in the hands of our brother's wife (my sister-in-law).  My sister is now very sick
What can I do if my wife won't let me pick up my things after we separated? My wife and I are separated. I am living with someone else.  I have asked my wife to let me pick up my things but  on 3 occasions she have not either respond or tell me she can't make it at that time and we both work. What can I do?
What state should my partner and I form the LLC in if we live in CA but is Internet-based? My partner and I both live in California.  We are starting an Internet-based business and want to form an LLC.  What state should we form the LLC in?
Need help getting a job and able to pay child support to see my baby? Need help! I'm 19 and my name is Ryan. No one in my family will help me and I owe child support. I don't have a job and child support is in the way of bettering my life. I can't get a job because I have a warrant. I can't pay and I never get to see my kid that the mother is telling people that she's not even mine. I want to be the bigger person an figure this out but she's a mean person never lets me see
Is my business at risk? Assignment of Inventions. I will make prompt and full disclosure to xxx
Legal for my daughter's boyfriend's uncle to refuse to give her son? My daughter was living with a boyfriend and his uncle
If I have an accident with life injuries and the apartment complex is at fault
What's enough to get a warrant if the texts are abusive? My husband are I going though a divorce. I have printed out text messages he & I have texted. One text had a discussion was about were to pick up our kids. He didn't agree with what I wanted. Quote he text go to hell. Then sun@6pm take it or leave it end quote another text message states..quote  if mom can't meet your sorry ass end quote. Is that enough to get a warrant?
What should I do to initiate a divorce? What should I do to initiate a divorce?
What is statute of limitations for suing if parties in different states? What is the statute of limitations to be sued?  We have an issue 4 1/2 years ago.  The other party just sent us a threatening letter pay in 10 days or I'll see you in court.  We are in Oregon
What to do if I was terminated from UPS for dishonesty but another employer did not get fired? I was terminated from UPS after 22 years for dishonesty. This was a second offense. I have come to learn that another employee was discharged for the same reason but yet he is back to work and I am not.
Is it legal for a male foster parent/caregiver to shower with male foster child? Is it legal for a male foster parent/caregiver to shower with male foster child?
If I own a paid off vehicle
Is it a valid
How can you legally end a franchise contract when they have repeatedly abused it? How can you legally end a franchise contract when they have repeatedly abused it?
My ex husband is threatening to come to my son's school to pick him up after school is over. Does he have to go with him? My 16 year old son doesn't want to spend time with his dad
Is a notarized paper legal and binding and can my aunt get a title and sign it over to me? My aunt inherited my grandma's house. She put a mortgage against it then filed bankruptcy. She surrendered the house. A year later
What to do if boss is giving me an ultimatum to get certification for administration of dental anesthesia? I am a dental hygienist and one of my bosses told me he is now requiring me to get my certification for administration of dental anesthesia by April 2013 or I lose my job.  His partner was not aware of this note and told me he would not require it.  I only work there on Saturdays 6 hours. I would rarely use dental anesthesia in this practice (once a year or less) and would not feel comfortable using it this amount.  He said today he would not pay anything toward my expenses to take this course (cost is approximately $1000). I have worked there 10 years and have 24 years experience.  I cannot afford this. He said that is not my problem. My MI license does not require dental anesthesia.
If I form a Delaware
Are widowers allowed to receive money from their dead husband's accounts if they decide to re-marry? Are widowers allowed to receive money from their dead husband's accounts if they decide to re-marry?
 Michigan current child custody case
What limitations exist under US law for selling my copyright to a foreign citizen?
What are my rights if my apartment building is in foreclosure?  What are my rights if my apartment building is in foreclosure? Do I still pay rent?
Who gets possession of certain property in a divorce? My husband and I have been married for 6 1/2 long
Which order of court would a person follow: an order from custody court of 2009 or a permanent hearing order that is recent? Which order of court would a person follow: an order from custody court of 2009 or a permanent hearing order that is recent?
How do I trademark my logo worldwide? How do I trademark my logo worldwide?
What can I do if my sister and I own the house and she wants our relatives to stay but I don't? I had my niece & her husband move in with my sister & I. I now want them to move out. My sister & I own the house. My sister doesn't want them to move out
Am I obligated to sign the new paperwork? I signed a contracts for a Rv camper on 1/27/2012. Just looked over the paperwork and everything is dated 1/27/2011. The company still has the Rv camper. My current employer just cut my schedule in half so I am no longer making the income I was when I signed the contract. The place where I purchased the camper from called and asked if I could go in and sign new paperwork. Am I obligated to do so?
What is the Statute of Limitations for bodily injury? What is the Statute of Limitations for bodily injury?
What is the appropriate legal entity to create if we have a development team in Poland? We are a startup SaaS business headquartered in the US (Delaware C-corp) with a development team in Poland
What can I do if I tried evicting a tenant twice for non-payment of rent? I am trying to evict a tenant for non-payment of rent. I had him evicted once for the same thing. He said he would pay and now we're in the same situation again. He's not paying and he's causing problems in the house. What am I to do?
What to do if I want to divorce
Is there a law about a renter not finding a place yet if they want us out? We are leasing a house and it's sold now. They want us out in three days. we have an elderly living with us
How do I get another judge? How do I get another judge?
How do I leave in a way that allows me to move forward with a lawsuit? Employment law--I'm an RN with a perfect record
Hearsay and showing proof in J&D court? How do you go from hear say to show proof in J&D; court?
Do you know of any place where we could find the latest changes in the law for people who volunteer with VITA--new tax treaties etc.?  I am with a group of volunteers with VITA (voluntary income tax assistance) that help international scholars file their US income tax. Do you know of any place where we could find the latest changes in the law for these people--new tax treaties etc.?  Any help you  could give us would be much appreciated. We are not in a position to pay anything as we are all volunteers.
The buyer of my used vehicle is refusing to pay & is hiding the vehicle I sold a vehicle as is w/purchased agree for buyer to pay 500 a mo. for 4 months. He now refuses to pay me & is hiding the vehicle. what are my legal options in Oklahoma?
If I allowed someone to get a service in my name and they didn't pay the bill
What to do if a company will not live up to their contract? What to do if a company will not live up to their contract?
Do I automatically have to pay a reimbursement even if it's not my fault? Do I automatically have to pay a reimbursement of an auto claim even if it's not my fault and I had a witness stating I wasn't at fault and I didn't have insurance?
ROW rules for passing
Can my ex not pay me support payment cause it was garnished for not getting forms in on time? I live in Illinois. My ex husband's pay check this week was garnished by the IRS as a penalty for not getting forms in on time.  He says he cannot pay me my support payment this week. Can he do that?
How to proceed with employer for discrimination? I need a lawyer who can help me stop all the wrong doing of my former employer for discrimination defamation of character. I got fired for no reason!
Can I file in small claims court from New Jersey against a business in Saint Thomas U S V I?  Can I file in small claims court from New Jersey against a business in Saint Thomas U S V I?
Legal to have your boyfriend move in with you if you are separated from your spouse
Can an employer set one budget and goals for a division and another for that division's sales force?   Can an employer set one budget and goals for a division and another for that division's sales force?    The goals for the sales team are way higher than that of the division overall making it impossible to earn a higher level of commission.
Is there a way to stop the lien on the taxes and save my home? My boyfriend's house has a lien on the taxes and the town is going to auction it off on March 30
What do I do if I have an LLC with a 50-50 split partnership but the other member has decided to quit but wont give up ownership? I have an LLC with a 50-50 split partnership
Is there any law that prevents me from working since January 18 without a day off? Is there any law that prevents me from working since January 18 without a day off? This will be my 73rd straight day.
Is the company liable if I had a miscarriage? Is the company liable if I had a miscarriage?
If a lawyer agrees to a percentage on a case that has amounts coming into a trust fund can they take out there percentage on each amount that comes in or do they have to wait until the completion of the lawsuit?  If a lawyer agrees to a percentage on a case that has amounts coming into a trust fund can they take out there percentage on each amount that comes in or do they have to wait until the completion of the lawsuit?  The party suing was told they cannot access any money in the trust until everything was finalized.  How can they take their fee as money comes in?
How much can you sue someone for a keyed 2010 chevy camaro ss? How much can you sue someone for a keyed 2010 chevy camaro ss?
If a couple are not married but both named on the home deed & the lady moves out
The purchaser has subsequently sold the business to a 3rd party with a seperate contract.  Please explain the legal ramifications of such a transaction. The first contract payments to me are current. Thank you.
Can I get my money back if I signed a contract for my mom to enter a nursing home but hasn't? I signed a contract to have my mom enter a nursing home 2 days ago.  She has not entered and I don't want to proceed. Can I get my money back?
If my husband is registered owner only of our mobile home
If the mechanic does not want to pay what are some legal actions I can take? I took my car to a mechanic where the mechanic was supposed to fix my car the Mechanic was charging me $90 at first
How much do you need to change a theme
What are my rights in regards to my son's permanent residence with me? My son and I's father lived together for 3.5 yrs in Houston
What are the legal rights of my kids? The father of my 2 kids left us to be with someone else. What rights do I have for my children?
Can I establish voting rights and a board of directors for an LLC? Can I establish voting rights and a board of directors for an LLC or should I consider S or C-corp?
What is my share of benefits if I opened a business 100% in my ex's name? Married in 1982
Does a beach begin at the sand or a sidewalk leading to the beach? Does a beach begin at the sand or a sidewalk leading to the beach?
Can I publicly play a score of music under copyright laws without changing the score or making money off of the performance
Will I still qualify for unemployment benefits even after being with the company for only one month? I recently was laid off from a job due to company bankruptcy and will not receive wages for the pay period starting in the beginning of March even though the company is still operating. Will I still qualify for unemployment benefits even after being with the company for only one month?
How do I get my nephew out of my property?  My father passed away and left his house to me. My nephew is staying there and I want him out. How do I get him out of my property? He never paid rent to my father and there is no lease.
Who is responsible for the oversight of money discrepancy since I had an attorney? I have paid $1
Can a person sue you when there is no documentation? Can a person sue you when there is no documentation?
Is it a good idea for someone do their own demand letter? Is it a good idea for someone do their own demand letter?
Can a divorce be obtained in a different state other than the state the marriage was performed in? Can a divorce be obtained in a different state other than the state the marriage was performed in?
What is the statue of limitations to be terminated from your employer for gross misconduct? What is the statue of limitations to be terminated from your employer for gross misconduct?
Can a towing company charge me a full day if car was there for Saturday night & picked up Monday morning? I want to know the towing fee laws for California. I want to know if they can charge you a full day if the car was there for Saturday night and picked up Monday morning. How many days can they charge me?
How do you file for bankruptcy in PA? How do you file for bankruptcy in PA?
If the property I'm living in was sold at an auction can the realtor give me a week notice to move out legally? If the property I'm living in was sold at an auction can the realtor give me a week notice to move out legally?
What is the legal age to run a website business? What is the legal age to run a website business in Pennsylvania?
Can you sue a lawyer for doing their job improperly? Can you sue a lawyer who you can prove improperly did their job to make the out come of case to what they wanted?
Is it legal if the police used a false domestic disturbance to enter my parents' home? The police used a false domestic disturbance to enter my parents' home and proceeded to do a warrentless arrest on me. I was released the next day with no charges. Is this legal?
If your husband is not able to be found & hasn't been in over 20 years how do I file a divorce? If your husband is not able to be found & hasn't been in over 20 years how do I file a divorce?
If your company expects you to use your personal car for meetings
Can a company lay off an employee & then create a new position to hire a new employee? Can a company lay off an employee because of their budget and then create a new position to hire a new employee?
If you work 35 hours a week for several months
Is there anything I can do to get my job back
If I am thinking about filing for divorce
Am I in the wrong if my cat bit the vet? During a vet visit
If I'm a U.S. citizen and want to visit Cuba as a tourist
How can I make sure the owner is not losing the house? I'm in the process of renting a house that the owner says he's doing a home modification. How can I make sure he is not losing the house?
Is a tenant's ex considered a tenant if she is spending the night 5-6 times a week? I have a tenant who just signed a lease.  He is the only person to occupy the apartment.   His wife/ex-wife is there spending the night 5-6 times a week.  Is she considered a tenant at this point?
Can an employer demote you from a management  due to medical issue? Can an employer demote you from a management position after being out for a week due to medical issue and now forcing you to take part-time hours after being full time for four years.
Is the park responsible for paying for my windshield if a witness saw the ball go over the fence? I went to watch a baseball game at a local park a few weeks ago. When I returned to my car
If I got fired for wrongly termination from job what case do I have? If I got fired for wrongly termination from job what case do I have?
Can I copyright Powerpoint training if partially done on personal time? If I did a power point training half on my jobs time and half on my own personal time
Does our situation nullify the contract? Hairstylist who signed non-compete contract with owner that states can't work within 10 mi radius from thier salon. Owner dismisses me after he suspects I am leaving to work for myself nearby. Which I planned to but hadn't resigned yet. The co-owner who actually signed contract then sent me a text message 5 days later that stated that she would never go after me if I worked nearby and stated that I could work where ever I wanted. Does that nullify the contract? Also they put salon up for sale without informing any stylist and I have a copy of link. Will that help case? The contract also stated I was a Independent contractor and I was able to make my own work hrs but they required us to work a 40 hr week. Did they break contract on that first?
In the state of Indiana
If I leaned on a door at a friend's house and it falls should I have to pay to replace it? If I leaned on a door at a friend's house and it falls should I have to pay to replace it?
Legal action if my wife lost a tooth & got a broken nose from an accident when the air bags didn't deploy? My wife and kids were in an accident driving an '02 jeep liberty and the air bags did not deploy. She received a broken nose
Do I have any legal recourse to either recoup my investment or force them to reactivate the account? I have spent significant money ($3000) building a character in an online game over the course of three years. That character was recently banned for something I honestly did not do. It is my understanding that the laws about who owns these characters when substantial money changes hands it still hazy. Do I have any legal recourse to either recoup my investment or force them to reactivate the account?
Do I have to pay back the money if I sold my horse and they gave her back to me? Hi I had sold a horse and they gave her back to me a month later. Do I have to pay them back the money?
Is there anything I can do if realty company is taking me to court for non-payment? I bought a fixer upper from a realty company and later found out it was in demolition court!!! The seller did not tell me this. So I stop paying my monthly payments to them. Now they are taking me to court for non payment! Is there anything I can do? I need help.
Can the change of at will employee be made without my consent? Type your detailed legal question hereFor the past 6 years
Am I entitled to half of my ex's business
Is it legal if my husband can't read and was told a lie about a contract he signed? My husband can't read and was told a lie about a contract so he signed. Is it legal?
Who is entitled to my grandmother's money? my Grandmother prepared a < a href=http://www.rocketlawyer.com/document/last-will-and-testament.rl>last will and testament form
If my mother has sole custody of my son
Is it the owner's responsibility to provide air condition units in an apartment building? Is it the owner's responsibility to provide air condition units in an apartment building?
Is it theft by unlawful taking if you never leave the store? is it theft by unlawful taking if you never leave the store?
Do I need to pay the rent if I cannot find another place to live by the deadline date? I have been renting a room from a home owner in the San Fernando Valley
Does a Durable Power of Attorney need to be notarized? In the state of California does a Durable Power of Attorney need to be notarized
What to do if I could file for citizenship but I'm afraid because I got married I may not be eligible? My father filed for me to become a resident in 1990. I did not get my green card until 1995. However in the process I got married in 1994. I could file for citizenship but I'm afraid because I got married I may not be eligible. Please advise me.
Shouldn't the bank have notified me about the transactions if I had checks stolen? I had checks stolen and cashed at Walmart stores. Merchandise was taken back for cash. Walmart didn't ask for ID. They are now asking for me to pay back these amounts plus $25.00 for each of 19 checks. This totals almost $5000. This was in a months period. Shouldn't the bank have notified me about the transactions? I am on Social Security and there is no way I can come up with this kind of money.  This wiped out my checking account and I was planning on paying my real estate taxes with that money.
Are secretary minutes a legal document? Are secretary minutes a legal document?If minutes are amended outside the meeting room
If I remarry
If female one gives asks female two for the ring back
If I want to protect myself from my ex
Can I take my co-worker to court for failing to tell me that I got an urgent message from my doctor? Last week I called my doctor for lab results and asked them to call me back using my work number. I did not hear from my doctor nor did I receive any messages. I called the doctor today and they said they spoke to me a few days ago. I think a coworker received the call and said she was me. If this is true can I take her to court?
Am I legally required to pay my hourly workers if our business was closed due to a power outage? Our business was closed due to a power outage caused by a storm.  Am I legally required to pay my hourly workers? We only have hourly workers and no labor contracts as we are not a union facility.
can i do if i was laid off because the company said they were to slow and already hiring? What can I do if I was laid off because the company said they were to slow? Now
Best way to complete a transaction with no taxes involved if a friend wants to give me a monetary gift? A friend wants to give me a very large monetary gift.  What is the best way to complete this transaction with no taxes for either party involved?
Are we legally responsible to provide a customer with our insurance information? Our company does carpet cleaning.  We have a dissatisfied customer who want our insurance information for a job she says we ruined.  Are we legally responsible to provide her with our insurance information?
Is there a law in Pennsylvania that states that you must shave for a job? Is there a law in Pennsylvania that states that you must shave for a job?
Does being demoted void my current contract.  Different job and lower pay? Does being demoted void my current contract.  Different job and lower pay?
What can I do about making the Board responsible for adhering to the rules even though I am not on The Board? I live in a condo and I own my condo.  The CC&R;'s are very plain but members of the Board of Directors break the rules all the time.  What can I do about making them be responsible for adhering to the rules even though I am not on The Board?
Must my employer pay for the Vacation days that I did not take? If I leave my job before I have used all of the Vacation time that I have earned
Can a divorce be granted sooner if you are apart 7 months before filing? Can a divorce be granted sooner if you are apart 7 months before filing?
What should I do to get my check if fired over 2 months ago? I was fired over two months ago and I still haven't received my final paycheck. I believe they changed my hours in the computer so I wouldn't get paid. I have been told many times that they were putting in a payroll request. What should I do now?
Is there a statute of limitations in filing a will for probate? Is there a statute of limitations in filing a will for probate?
What if you close a business and owe the IRS back taxes? What if you close a business and owe the IRS back taxes?
How does this work for music written over 100 years ago? I'm in Texas.
Can I turn my motor home to the loan company? I am retired and have a motor home that is worth less than what I owe on it and the high payments are a burden.  Can I turn it over to the loan company?
Can I claim my ex's garnishment of wages? I live in TN. My ex husband is more than a thousand dollars behind. They recently started garnishment of wages. My papers state in order for him to claim him on taxes he has to be current by Jan 15 of this year. He does have garnishment of $20 over regular week payments but still isn't caught up
Can my work dictate what I can do on my days off? I am employed at a hospital that will not allow me to  do a different job description as a self employed individual on my days off on their campus. They say it will violate labor law 558
What can I do if I suspect my tenant will damage my property because of an eviction? If I suspect that a tenant will damage my property because they are being evicted and there is no security deposit to be returned because of judge orders
When you receive a settlement from an auto accident
What can my son do if he has custody of his son but the mother took off with him? My son has custody of his son and the mother has taken off with him.  What does my son do?  He has no idea where she has went.
Legal if I had an unpaid utility bill so my rent money was applied to that first and then my actual rent? I paid my rent on the due dated but was charged a 75 dollar late fee and 5 dollars per day resulting in $130. the landlord said that i had an unpaid utility bill so my rent money was applied to that first and then my actual rent making it not the full amount. Is this legal if it is not outlined in my lease and if i wrote rent on my check? Also i live in California.
How does someone get wages earned for being a home health aide after the person passes away? How does someone get wages earned for being a home health aide after the person passes away?
Possible if my cousin is being held without bond but wasn't charged or arraigned? My cousin is being held without bond but wasn't charged or arraigned. Is that possible?
Can you get fired if you do not make mandatory over time? Can you get fired if you do not make mandatory over time?
Can I legally move out of state with my son if I am still married and no custody order? Can I legally move out of state with my son if I am still married and no custody order?
Can we take the trust and the pour-over will to the court house ourselves or do we have to hire an attorney to this? In the state of Florida. We need a letter of testamentary.   Can we take the trust and the pour-over will to the court house ourselves or do we have to hire an attorney to this?
I have an school yr. book from 1895
Does my father now have rights to my brother's share of my mother's trust or shall distributions now be split equally between the remaining living descendents? My mother passed away in 2007 leaving all her assets in a trust of which I am trustee.  All income from the trust is to be distributed per shares to me and my three siblings.  My brother recently died intestate and my father took control of his assets.  My brother was not married and had no children. My question is
Does Pennsylvania have law to record interrogations? Does Pennsylvania have a law in place to record interrogations?  Do you know how many states do have that law?
Copyright requirement How do u get a business name copyright?
What can I do if the units I rent to are not abiding by the gender rules? Georgia resident
How do you file bankruptcy? How to file bankruptcy in Danville
What should I expect to pay in child support? What is the average child support payments in the state of Pennsylvania if there are two children 12 or older and the non custodial parent makes approx $57
My son came to live with me about one year ago. I have joint custody with his mother and she also has physical custody of him. She wants my son to go back with her but he does not want to go back permanently. Can she come and get him without legal action?
Can a customer break a contract with a roofing contractor for no reason in Illinois? Can a customer break a contract with a roofing contractor for no reason in Illinois?
Will I be forced to move out and lose my security deposit? I am signed to a lease with a friend and her mom as the co-signer. If she wants to move out and break her part of the lease as well as her mom as the co-signer will I be forced to move out and lose my security deposit as well?
If we are behind with the last rent payment made
What will happen if I do not return to court for pre-trial diversion? What will happen if I do not return to court for pre-trial diversion?
Can I keep engagement ring if ex making payments on it? I broke up with my fiance
Can the company hold me if I had it on paper and they told me to take it to the shop? I got a boat from superior boats for $25
I live in NYS for the past 10 yrs. My wife & I have been separated for 12 yrs. I want to file for an uncontested divorce. Wife lives in NJ where we were married. Can I file in either state?
Can a judge in California make me pull my son out of a preschool he has been attending since September on my custody time?  Can a judge in California make me pull my son out of a preschool he has been attending since September on my custody time? There is no cost to the mother yet she wants him to be closer to her on my custody time.
Are you allowed at least 3 days in order to go home for an immediate family death?  In the State of North Carolina
If I want to start a non-profit & a similar name of an nonprofit is in another state can I go forward ? If I live in California and want to start a non profit and a similar name of an nonprofit is in another state can I go forward ?
What is needed to prove age discrimination for hiring purposes? What is needed to prove age discrimination for hiring purposes?
Can you sue a company for false labeling? Can you sue a company for false labeling? I purchased a product stating that it does not contain chemical jwh-018 in it however took a urinalysis which states that I tested positive for the chemical. What rights do I have?
When a will has been protested by an interested party what procedures has to be taken in order to close the estate? When a will has been protested by an interested party what procedures has to be taken in order to close the estate?
Is the dog owner required to restrain the dog if it is sniffing a person & does not feel comfortable about it?  Is the dog owner required to restrain the dog if it is sniffing a person but the person does not feel comfortable about it?  The story was that the person fell while resisting being sniffed by the dog -- and broke the leg while falling to the ground.
If my company terminates me while out on medical leave do you know what my next step would be? If my company sends me a letter of termination while out on medical leave do you know what my next step would be?
What forms do I need in a civil case to have all my medical bills covered by the lady that hit me? What forms do I need in a civil case to have all my medical bills covered by the lady that hit me?
How to get financial help to bring father? How can I get my father to the U.S with financial assistance? My family lost contact with him over 23 yrs. ago and now have found him. But he is in Honduras and my family has low to no income at this present time. We are eager to finally meet him as I was only a small child and my siblings as well. My mother is married to him and never re-maried she loves him and stayed a single mother of 4
What is the maximum FIT annual Charitable gift tax deduction? What is the maximum FIT annual Charitable gift tax deduction?
Legal to schedule someone to work 12 out of 15 days of a single pay period? Is it legal to schedule someone to work 12 out of 15 days of a single pay period?
What to do if I signed a mortgage with my boyfriend in June of this year and want out of it? I signed a mortgage with my boyfriend in June of this year and want out of it.
How can I apply for the dream act? How can I apply for the dream act?
If I lived in an apartment for four years is it true that I have to sign another year-long lease? Under California rental laws
What is a substitution of trustee in a deed of trust? What is a substitution of trustee in a deed of trust?The document says my husband a married man substitutes a trustee under a deed of trust/
Does temp. employment service in PA have to give you vacation time if you have worked for them for 1 year or more? Does temp. employment service in PA have to give you vacation time if you have worked for them for 1 year or more?
Is there any legal recourse I can take if my ex has removed all the money from the joint checking account? My spouse and I have been married for 16 years. My spouse has removed all the money from the joint checking account to his own checking account leaving no money for finances to be paid or for food for our kids. Is there any legal recourse I can take?
Possible to change lawyers after the statue of limitations is up for an accident case? When involved in a lawsuit following being hurt in an automobile accident
What should I do if my ex continues to state that he paid and I keep receiving unpaid bills? I was divorced a little over a year ago my husband was the petitioner. He keeps every thing that I owned including $14
What document do I need to leave my brother my truck? What document do I need to leave my brother my truck and to leave brother and sister everything in my apartment in my death?
Where can you find laws pertaining to police in car videos? Where can you find laws pertaining to police in car videos?
Do I need to dissolve the current LLC in Colorado and re-incorporate it with the state of Texas using my new address? I have an LLC registered in the state of Colorado with my home address
What's the law on 3 days of no call
I recently stopped my husband from talking to the kids when I discovered he was conversing with them only to find out what and who I was doing stuff with. Is this Illegal for me to do if it's protecting my children from being put into the middle of a situation they shouldn't be put in the middle of?
When you sign a contract
Can I take my event planner to court for trying to breach our contract? I have a contract to rent an event center for a wedding. The event planner is trying to charge us more money outside of our initial contract even though I didn't sign a new one because she said prices have changed. And out of the money we already paid ($2
Possible to sign the waiver? The Settler's Trust on Distribution of Income & Principal states that the Trustee is authorized to support mom's dependents (our sister Carol and nephew Joey from a deceased sister .. up to the whole of the trust estate).  Then the balance of the Trust Estate is allocated in percentages to us 4 sisters. The COE on the house occurs soon.  The Trustee
Can my son's father keep him legally after a visitation if no visitation has ever been ordered?  I am trying to find out if my sons father can keep him legally after a visitation if no visitation has ever been ordered?
Can I draw unemployment  if a company has no work for 4 weeks? Can I draw unemployment  if a company has no work for 4 weeks (Jan. thru Feb.)? I have not worked any where else.
Question regarding releasing a Temp employee due to advice of my Manager? I'm a Supervisor and I released a Temp employee due to advice of my Manager. I released her because her husband came to confront a regular employee because he had hurt her feelings. She now filed a sexual harassment case or retaliation but she had never informed me to report it. I want to know if she can take action against me or can my employer take action against me. Do I need a lawyer?
If I have to move from a home
If I'm late often with rent but not over 30 days
File a claim with my landlord's insurance if I was hospitalized due to a faulty heater in my rented home? I was recently hospitalized due to a faulty heater in my rented home. Should I file a claim with my landlords insurance carrier
Who do I contact if I know my daughter's employer is in violation of CA labor law? What if I know my daughter's employer is in violation of CA labor law? Who do I contact?
Can my husband kick me and my son out if I'm not on the mortgage? Can my husband kick me and my son out if I'm not on the mortgage?
How can a landlord proceed when the rent is not paid on time? How can a landlord proceed when the rent is not paid on time on various occasions?
Is a purchase of land  AS IS like buying a car on auction or not? I recently lost a piece of land due to back taxes. The person who bought it on auction now wants to remove my access road. It is the only access to my portion of the land.  He bought on auction and should have realized the driveway before he bought it.  Is this an AS IS purchase like buying a car on auction or not?
How do I go about getting my ex off the title of our house?  I Live in Missouri. I'm Divorced
What recourse do I have if A disciplinary action in my personnel file was disclosed to a coworker? A disciplinary action in my personnel file was disclosed to a coworker.  What recourse do I have?
If the father is not on the birth certificate & I applied for child support
How much is it to file visitation in Port Charlotte
Is there anything I can do to stop my husband from just not paying the mortgage anymore? My husband told me that he is going to stop paying the mortgage cause he wants a divorce.  He did that already last year and we almost lost the house.  Is there anything I can do to stop him from just not paying the mortgage anymore?
Is a term from a famous poem protectable trade name? Is a term from a famous poem protectable trade name?
If my fiance files a chapter 13 will the vehicle owned by a LLC be included? My fiance is the guarantor on a vehicle owned by nut llc. The vehicle has been repossessed. We are wondering if she files a chapter 13 will it be included. She signed all the contracts for the vehicle but the company's name is on the title
If I am being paid to care and chart on one patient
What to do if coach used a video of my son acted with  ill intentions to cause harm during a game? Pop Warner used a video of my son at a coaches clinic suggesting my son acted with ill intentions to cause harm while returning an interception last year during a game
When a tenant vacates an apartment
How do I find out if the minister who performed your marriage is ordained? How do I find out if the minister who performed your marriage is ordained?
What rights without a custody agreement does the father have?  MY 16 year old daughter had a baby 2 weeks ago and his father(17) is telling her that next month he wants to start taking the baby for 2 weeks at a time and he says he will not let her leave his house with him if she tries. Can he refuse to let her leave his house with the baby? What rights without a custody agreement does he have? I will also say that we allow him to come here everyday for 6 hours to see the baby and his name is on the birth certificate if that matters.
Should I get an attorney when dealing with my bank in regards as a POA? I revoked my POA with my agent (my father) on 16 Feb
Is the contract valid or enforceable? For CA
What options do I have to lower my property taxes? Taxes on my house have always been higher than against those of my neighbors. This year
music copyright infringement In performing in a talent competition for a pageant
Can a landlord write a new lease without evicting the old tenant? Can a landlord write a new lease without evicting the old tenant?
What do I do if I have trouble with my legs and I stand for 8 hours but it's a hazard to have a stool? I have trouble with my legs and I stand for 8 hours. They tell me at work it's a hazard to have a stool. What do I do?
business sale to another individual I had a business and a new owner has all my inventory and know he wont sign our contract of business sale. What  course should I take if any?
Do I still have any legal action after workers compensation is settled? Do I still have any legal action after workers compensation is settled?
What to do if I received a 3-day notice to pay or quit due to losing my job and can't pay the rent? What to do if I received a 3-day notice to pay or quit due to losing my job and can't pay the rent?
Legal for the arresting officer to sit with the DA in a pre-trial before and after his questioning on stand? is it legal for the arresting officer in a case to sit with the district attorney in a pre trial before and after his questioning on stand?
What will happen to my friend who got hit by a scooter of his SUV? This is regarding a friend of mine. A scooter ran into the passenger side of his SUV. The scooter driver was injured and now has retained an attorney. My friend's insurance company will only pay $10
If your employment terminates you over a false arrest can you sue them? If your employment terminates you over a false arrest can you sue them?
How long do you have to go back on a realty company and or previous owner if information was false/exaggerated about a properties condition we bought?
What can you do if someone living with you is not paying rent to you? What can you do if someone living with you is not paying rent to you?
How can I contest liquidation damages charges?  How can I contest liquidation damages charges?  I won't be able to finance the total amount of the contract due to emergency expense and debt.  The windows haven't been purchased because I haven't given my deposit.  Thank you for your help.
How do I get my wife from Mexico to live in the U.S.? I've been living in Mexico for over 12 years and been living with this person which I call my wife. She wants to come here to live with me and get married here. I have medical problems and would be good for her to help me out. What do I have to do to get her here?
Girlfriend accused of child endangerment. What can or should my girlfriend do if she has been accused of child endangerment but knows that the injuries happened after the father picked up the kids and could have been on purpose and a weird history of injuries comes from being in his care?
Can I collect for damages to my property if I did not charge a security deposit? i did not charge a security deposit. Can I collect for damages to my property?
If an employee is trying to sue  our company for wrongful termination but he really quit
What number or percentage of print
Question about developing an app? I would like to publish a mobile app (ITunes and Google play) which contains data found in online publications.  For example
Am I violating California or Federal Labor laws by clocking in early then taking a longer lunch? Am I violating California or Federal Labor laws by clocking in early then taking a longer lunch?  I am scheduled to start work at 8:30 with an end time of 5:30.  Since I arrive 15 minutes early
By law is your employer supposed  to pay any extra when having to work midnight to 8am? By law is your employer supposed  to pay any extra when having to work midnight to 8am?
If your child has ADHD and you do not feel that the school and/or teacher have done all that they could to help this child and are now saying that he will get held back most likely again
Legal to not get promoted because having a woman would cause fear of sexual harassment suits? I have been planning to apply for a position when the present employee retires and had been led to believe by the supervisors that I would be given top consideration.  I already work for this department and it would be a lateral transfer. I spoke with the top supervisors and one of the lower supervisors a few weeks ago (I will say the #1man and #3 man) and was told they had heard nothing but good things about me and their only concern was having a woman in that position  for fear of sexual harassment suits. The current employee that has the position spoke with the #2 man last week and was told that It's not going to happen as there had been a woman in a similar position once before and there had been some problems. Is this legal?
Is it legal for a non-profit to require me to write progress notes on my visits or should they be paying me to do this?  I work for a non profit agency that services children with autism. I go into their home and provide services pertaining to their treatment plan. I am required to write progress notes on my visit but I must do this on my own time. Is this legal or should they be paying me to do this? Thank you.
My brother and I own a house together. I want to know if something happened to one of us would the other get full ownership of the house? Would it cost anything?
If I take a short leave of absence can I draw unemployment? If I take a short leave of absence can I draw unemployment?
What to do if my child's father was granted overnight visits but he lives with his unstable uncle? My child's father was granted overnight visits but he lives with his uncle that suffers with depression
Get state disability while off work due to an injury while collecting workers comp to equal my paycheck? Can i get state disability while off work due to an injury while collecting workers comp to equal my paycheck?
Do I have the legal right to demand a company's insurance information? Do I have the legal right to demand a company's insurance information?
If someone is texting my cell phone & I know the texts aren't friendly because we aren't friends
How do I petition a family court? How do I petition a family court? I want my sons case heard before a court of his peers of Native Americans.
Do I have to keep paying child support if my son is not in school and he is home schooled? Do I have to keep paying child support if my son is not in school and he is home schooled?
Are the last four digits of a SS# adequate on a video release form? Are the last four digits of a SS# adequate on a video release form?
If a credit card company has a judgment against me can that take my only car? If a credit card company has a judgment against me can that take my only car?
Do I qualify for abandonment if I've been without my spouse for 9 months? i am looking to get a divorce. I have been without my spouse now for 9 months. Do I qualify for abandonment? What rights do I have to live my life and be single?
How long do I have to be removed from premises with a month-to-month lease? How long do I have to be removed from premises with a month-to-month lease?
Is man entitled to returned child support if paternity disestablished? Can a man have his child support returned to him when he disestablishes paternity?The mother acknowledged in open court that she knew that I was not the father and that she knew who the real father was. Also under oath
Am I divorced if my husband was granted one but never filed the papers? If my husband was granted a divorce but never filed the papers with the court what does that mean? Are we divorced or not? It has been over five years.
I was suspended from work told to clock out
Am I obligated to allow them to uninstall and exchange the product?  I purchased a medium quality product for my home
Is there anyway to stop this harassment? I recently fired an employee from my dental practice.  Since her departure
Do I have a chance in small claims court because it wasn't discovered for so long? I had furniture cleaned by a company. I did not notice that the chair was ripped in 4 places until 5 weeks later...their policy is 2 weeks.  They won't even come look at the chair saying it is impossible for their machine to rip a chair.  Do I have a chance in small claims court because it wasn't discovered for so long?
Adverse possession if I inherited property that has a shop that's assumed to belong with home? I just inherited property that has a shop that has been used and assumed to belong with the home on my property for 30 years. Is this an adverse possession?
Possession of gift car if not in my name? If my mother brought me a car in 2006 as a graduation gift but the title is in her name and the car was intentionally brought for me what can I do if she keeps taking the car whenever she wants. And now i just brought the car from here in 2012 but she never switched the title over in my name. What can i do
Can a landlord demand a late fee for rent if they excepted a post dated check for the due date? Can a landlord demand a late fee for rent if they excepted a post dated check for the due date
I want to sue 2 people for interference with my marriage and emotional distress? I want to sue 2 people for interference with my marriage and emotional distress.  The first person
How can I get my name off the loan without filing for bankruptcy? My ex-husband was supposed to take my name off a mortgage loan according to our divorce papers he hasn't & is now filing for bankruptcy which leaves me with the loan. How can I get my name off the loan without filing for bankruptcy?
If my credit report shows that I have a zero balance on my home
If I filed for sole custody
Can you marry the other person instead of the person you're getting a fiance visa from? I  came to the US  with my fiance and it's not working out with the person. I was going to get married but found someone that l got along great with. Can you marry the other person instead of the person you're getting a fiance visa from?
If a founding member of my company disappears and is unreachable
After unemployment claims filed
Can I be sued because I no longer want to give a student of guitar lessons?  Can I be sued because I no longer want to give a student of mine guitar lessons? He often does not show up for scheduled lessons
If I would like to file for divorce do I have to file in NY or can I file in PA? I've been a PA resident for 6 years. My wife is a resident of NY and has never lived in PA. I would like to file for divorce. Do I have to file in NY or can I file in PA? No children under 21 involved.
Is Chapter 7 Bankruptcy a defense against conversion of condo funds by a trustee? Is Chapter 7 Bankruptcy a defense against conversion of condo funds by a trustee?
Legal for an employer to force its staff to accompany a patient/resident in a nursing home out to smoke?  In the state of Florida
How does my daughter go about getting financial support from her separated husband? My daughter is separated from her husband and they have a 6-month-old son and another on the way. How does she go about getting financial support from the husband?
If I marry a dad that's paying child support will I have to pay too? If I marry a dad that's paying child support will I have to pay too?
How can I remove my girlfriend off the apartment when she doesn't pay anything but is on the lease? My girlfriend and I are on the lease.  I pay the rent and everything in the apartment has been purchased by me.  She has not been coming home at night and I have asked her to move.  I want her to leave the apartment.  What can I do?  I live in NYC.
Legal for the owner of the trailer park to break our contract? Two years ago
Can they really make me testify against my own son?  I  have heard that I'm going to be subpoenaed by my sons ex-wife and ex-girlfriend in a child custody case. I had spoke with the guardian legal attorney when the battle began
Are privately owned hospitals exempt from unionization in Colorado? Are privately owned hospitals exempt from unionization in Colorado?
Can you sue company for a check?  Are you able to sue a company that gives you a check two weeks after they fire you?
Do you have a right to collect your pay upon termination? Do you have a right to collect your pay upon termination?
Can I get my deposit back if I paid for a deer hunt with an outfitter who has passed away unexpectedly? I paid a deposit for a deer hunt with an outfitter who has passed away unexpectedly. Can I get my deposit back?
Legal for a credit company to demand that I pay the whole bill and not offer a monthly payment? I owe a bill of $682 and offered a payment monthly to credit company but was told all or they were turning over to a lawyers hands. Is this legal?
If my vehicle and was repo-ed due to late payments
Is there a common law marriage legal on IL? Is there a common law marriage legal on IL?
What are the US regulations (Civil Code
Can a person enter a contract while grieving the loss of a parent? Can a person enter a contract while grieving the loss of a parent? Son sold house
If my fiance died and his father had life insurance on him
Legal to require cashiers check when the rent payment is late? Is it legal to require cashiers check when the rent payment is late?
Can the insurance lawyer force me to take new X-rays? I trip and fell on a broken sidewalk. Many X-rays were taking by the hospital where I was treated. Can the insurance lawyer force me to take new X-rays?
Can we file for an agreed divorce through the court? My husband and I reside in Tennessee and want to divorce-no marital assets or debt to divide
What is house arrest? What is house arrest?
Will displaying free for commercial use pictures infringe copyright? If a pictures says free for commercial use
Legal if my employer is not crediting any sick time or vacation time? As a employee working full-time
What is the legal limitation that a terminated employee may go back for back pay? What is the legal limitation that a terminated employee may go back for back pay?
What to do if  went to the hospital for back and breathing problems and I was ignored during my visit? I went to the hospital for back and breathing problem. I get to hospital and they put me into respiratory arrest by accident. I got out of ICU and they put me with roommate who releases her bowls in room. I asked for private room and told  me to wait been hours and ignored.
Who would be in charge of getting a will revised: lawyer or client? Who would be in charge of getting a will revised: lawyer or client?
Does a landlord have the right to evict you for no reason? if you live in a low rate apartment and pay your rent up to date
Can an employer dock your wages because you did not get everything done in a day? Can an employer dock your wages because you did not get everything done in a day?
Do I have the right to a week paid vacation per year? Do I have the right to a week paid vacation per year?
Legal if I'm not paid for the travel time to work when it takes 12 hours to travel? I live in the state of Missouri.  I have a mandatory meeting that is 6 hours from home.  12 hours travel time total and a 6-hour meeting.  I am told I will only be paid for the 6 hour meeting and must ride with someone else
Do I have to pay rent to the Trust Account even though my late father let me move in with him? Do I have to pay rent to the Trust Account even though my father let me move in with him and I had been living with him for over a year before he passed away in February?
Do I need to file at the County for conservator-ship if my father has dementia and his finances are a mess? My father is in the hospital. He has given me POA while he's under doctor's care.  Now
Does using book title as business title violate copyright? Does using the title of a book as the title of my business raise copyright issues?
Can my daughter
How many hours does a shift have to be? How many hours does a shift have to be?
Can I legally use the video names as recipe names?  I am starting a bakery business. I would like to name my recipes after popular internet video's (boom goes the dynamite
Besides attorney fees
How do I get power of attorney of someone that had a stroke? How do I get power of attorney of someone that had a stroke?
What documents do I need to travel with my partner's 10-year-old daughter? What documents do I need to travel with my partner's 10-year-old daughter?  I will be bringing her between parents and will be flying with her alone.
Question about not receiving earned pocket expenses? I have worked for a Manufacturing Company in St. Louis for 14 Years. I live in Oregon and work as a Regional Sales Manager. I handle 11 Western States 3 Canadian Provinces. While in those years my out of pocket expenses where paid on a timely basis. The Owner died and the daughter/Family took over. Now I am waiting over 3 Months to receive my out of pocket expenses
What to do if social security is demanding that I pay them for overpaying me? I receive disability and social security has stated that I owe them $10
Lawsuit from my former employer that I'm starting a similar company with their resources? I left my last IT job. They recently sent me a letter from the lawyers saying I broke the non compete agreement I signed when I worked for the company and have caused 7
After the landlord does repair in the apartment will the rent go up if I have only lived for one year? After the landlord does repair in the apartment will the rent go up if I have only lived in this place for one year?
Would it be a good idea if my daughter and her boyfriend rent the house together? HiMy daughter and boyfriend presently rent together and are currently looking to buy a house. Since he is able to give the down payment and pay the mortgage she is going to pay utilities and extras. He wants to put the mortgage in his name only and down the line put her name on. Is this a good idea?
As a Canadian company
What can I do to get out of my contract? I signed a contract to join a direct buy and a few days ago. What can I do to get out of it?
Can we request proof of rates? I am an independent contract driver for a courier service. We provide STAT and scheduled deliveries for hospitals
What is the law concerning purchasing only one of the items? If a retail store advertises a 2 items for a certain price
Can an already graded paper be recollected for re-evaluation? I submitted a paper to a teacher. She graded it and  handed it back. The next day
Will our assets be divided equally? If my wife and I got married in Las Vegas but we reside in California
How can I do a divorce on my own if my husband is in the military? How can I do a divorce on my own? I have 2 kids and am a housewife. My husband is in the military.
Legal for an employer to record an employee while at work either on the phone? Is it legal for an employer to record an employee while at work either on the phone
Can a payday advance company report your SSN number to your county court? Can a payday advance company report your SSN number to your county court? I live in San Diego
I sold a motorcycle on contract.  It states in the contract that if he gets 2 months behind
How do I go about getting a divorce and protecting my assets if I did not know I was married for 30 years? I found out about a year and a half ago that I have been married for nearly 30 years. I have no idea and I can't afford to file for divorce. How can I protect my family's assets? My Mother has Dementia and is 79. I believe he is waiting to see the outcome
Question about liability in an LLC. My mother owns an LLC dump truck business
Can we be reimbursed for previous years if we have been paying for 5 bathrooms when we only have 1? My home was listed as having five bathrooms when it only has one.  This has been in place since before we purchased the home.  We have been paying taxes for five bathrooms for nine years.  Do we have any recourse here?  Can we be reimbursed for previous years?
How do I go about changing my children's last name to mine since their dad can not be found and have nothing to do with them? How do I go about changing my children's last name to mine since their dad can not be found and have nothing to do with them?
Child supoort When I got divorced
Can an employee own an LLC that is an independent contractor of the same company? Can someone who is an employee of a company also own an LLC company that is an independent contractor of the same company?
How long can I run a food truck without a business license? How long can I run a food truck without a business license?
Do we have any custody rights as the grandparents? My husband and I had custody of our granddaughter since her birth in March 2007
If I buy a house and let my son live there and he gets sued for some reason
Is there a law called an affordable bond? Is there a law called an affordable bond?
Can my employer tell my staff that I am being dismissed before he even tells me? Can my employer tell my staff that I am being dismissed before he even tells me?  I have not been given a formal verbal warning or a written warning.   He has never spoken to me about this.  Do I have any rights or recourse?  Thank you
If I'm on SSD am I still responsible to pay probation and court fees? If I'm on SSD am I still responsible to pay probation and court fees?
 My mother just passed away and left a 6000.00 credit card debt. We still have to sell a trailer home of hers.Can the credit card people come after the money of the sale of the trailer home?
I am writing a book on politics and media analysis. If I make mention of a specific news broadcast (e.g. ABC News on March 20 interviewed Mr. Jones
Must a s corp carry product liability insurance? In New York state
Breaking a property contract? Iam the owner for my house and thought I was interested and renting it. I signed a rental contract for a year with a realtor and have now changed my mind. The Contract was singed a month ago and the realtor hasn't started looking for anyone yet. Can I break the contract with no problem?
What is a closed end trust? What is a closed end trust?
Can a landlord terminate my lease if he proves I live in Florida and how can he prove it? I have an apartment in new York which I just signed a lease for
What is the hotel obligated to pay for breach of contract? I contracted with a hotel for meeting space and guest rooms.  2 months later hotel asked to relocate me for a  more lucrative contract. I agreed.  Hotel has done little for past 3 months
What rights do I have if I am present in a video? I was knowingly  filmed by a videographer whose reputation is less than stellar. The videographer may use the film on a youtube video that would be seen by thousands. It would affect my notoriety and ability to find a job. What rights do I have if I am present in the video?
Do I have a case in getting retirement benefits from this company? I got laid off from Eastman Kodak in May of 2000. I was employed with them for 24 years. I'm about to turn 62 in a short while and was wondering if I have retirement benefits due from them. It was my understanding I don't. Do I have a case in getting retirement benefits from this company?
Can an employer take away/cut down on paid days off? Can an employer take away/cut down on paid days off?
Do I have any Legal way that discourages my former co-workers from taking my existing clients? I have a small Landscape gardening business and two of my employees have decided to go out and start their own business of similar nature in our area.  I know that I can not force them to sign a non compete agreement that I have written
Am I entitled to half of my husband of 23 years is divorcing me? if I signed off on a property to my husband and no we are getting a divorce
What are legal issues for starting education web service? Planning on starting a new web service for the education community and I need all the legal mainframe to do so.
How long does it take for a divorce in California? How long does it take for a divorce in California?
Can a word be copyrighted (ex: rattlers')?
I wrote an article for writers in which I cite two pages of a Hemingway story as an example.  If I give Hemingway credit
How do I go about a court hearing that's in another state? Good afternoon
What are my legal rights as a working father fighting for the custody of my 3 kids? What are my legal rights as a working father fighting for the custody of my 3 kids? My wife is a stay at home mother and we bought a house that has no equity in it.
What should I do to protect my assets from my family when I have dementia? I Just signed a SNT Will today
I am 18 years old & received a underage consumption ticket. I admitted to drinking earlier that night
How can I get divorced? How can I get divorced?
When you get laid off for downsizing is the company suppose to call you back when your position is posted again? I wanted to know when you get laid off for downsizing is the company suppose to call you back when your position is posted again? I live in Philadelphia
What is the next step if they don't leave? I just bought a single wide trailer in a park that is still occupied by tenants who already were given a 30-day notice to be out by 1-20-12. What do i do if they don't leave by 1-20-12?
In a month to month lease how often can a landlord increase rent? In a month to month lease how often can a landlord increase rent?
Is it true that we would have to remain married to file bankruptcy and we would then be able to sell the home and split the proceeds? I live in Florida
What can I do if I took my car to a repair shop and paid $700
Should we hire a lawyer? My daughter was arrested and charged with misdemeanor for underage drinking in the state of Georgia. Should we hire a lawyer or have her plead guilty and pay a fine?
When a corporation's board of directors enter into a contract without two-thirds of everyone's consent
Do contracts for personal service have to be in writing? Do contracts for personal service have to be in writing? Specifically for a home health aide sent by a licensed and insured agency?
Wouldn't the lien be protecting their interest? i owe about 3 thousand dollars in past due condo fees from 2 years ago. i have paid continually since then. The association put a lien on my condo in Dec of 2011. Why would I be getting a summons for court from the sheriff
Can a seller back out of the deal because they didn't want an FHA buyer? A seller agreed to an offer and the original offer letter showed a conventional loan
Is my son responsible as an injured employee to get his own replacement? My son is a part time life guard at a YMCA.  He has been out of work for three weeks due to a broken wrist.  His supervisor told him he was not allowed to work.  She now says because he did not have anyone cover his shifts that he has essentially quit his job.  Is he responsible as an injured employee to get his own replacement?
Daughter forbids parents from seeing grandchild. Our daughter is not allowing us to see our granddaughter. What can we do to see her?
Can I file a small claims if I haven't received my returned security deposit? I have been waiting for a return security deposit from my last residency for over 30 days. Can I file a small claims against them?
Can I pursue my case if a judge found that I was not terminated for the reason given or that it didn't match? I recently won my unemployment appeal. The judge found I was not terminated for the reason given or that it didn't match. Is this something I can pursue?
What to do if my husband is forcing me to sign unreasonable proposals? My husband moved out in March. Unknown to me he retained an attorney in 2009. I am afraid he has been setting me up since then. We have 2 minor children. I've been a stay-at-home mom for all 11 years. He has a demanding job that takes him away for days at a time with a Yearly income $100k. Our son has special needs. He has presented me with 3 very unreasonable proposals. I've refused to sign. He emptied all accounts so I wasn't able to get attny and sets up tape recordings and always claiming I'm drunk. Even went so far at one time to charge across room at me and shout I had punched him in the face
Does the father have rights to take me to court to take my daughter from me? I have an 8-year-old daughter and I am full custodial parent. I have not been with the father in a few months and I have been kind enough to let her go with him to see her brother on his side. The last time she came back she told me her dad is bringing her to different women's houses and leaving her there over night. He informed me that my daughter is a liar and not to listen to nothing she says. She also informed me that she's not allowed to speak about my son which is also her fathers son as well but he cant let his family know due to conflict with his relationship with his other son's mother. Does he have rights to take me to court to take her from me? He has a past record as well but I live with my family will this affect me.
If I want to post my own poetry and writings on my website and my facebook page
Can I demand termination in writing? What are my termination rights? Can I demand termination in writing?
Am I responsible for cremation costs for my father if I have not seen him in over 15 years?  Am I responsible for cremation costs for my father if I have not seen him in over 15 years? The funeral home has already collected over 900 from the state of CT.
Can I sue my former attorney for damages?  This is related to a civil child custody case.
Can an employer charge an employee for materials that are used on an employers job site? Can an employer charge an employee for materials that are used on an employers job site? For example staples
What do I do if I discovered that possibly my daughter has been adopted without my consent? I discovered today that possibly my daughter has been adopted without my consent.
Can my teacher tell my parents that I smoke cigarettes even if it's not at school? Can my teacher tell my parents that I smoke cigarettes even if it's not at school?
Can I file a trademark application in one category and then file the same trademark name application for different categories at a later date? Can I file a trademark application in one category and then file the same trademark name application for different categories at a later date?
Can you go to court for a credit card debt? Can you go to court for a credit card debt?
Does a man and a woman have equal rights to an unborn child? Does a man and a woman have equal rights to an unborn child?
Can I get all the corporate forms needed to run a S-Corp? Can I get all the corporate forms needed to run a S-Corp? Can anyone point me to an online resource (website perhaps) where I can get them? I am in PA by the way.
What legal actions can I take if my employer owes me one month of wages and she is not answering my calls? I was asked to work for a cleaning service and we verbally agreed on amount i would be paid.  I recently quit and this person owes me one month of wages. She is not answering her phone and avoiding paying me.  What legal action can I take?
What is the copyright law for selling items created from a pattern such as knit
What do I need to get the startup to tell me in writing to make sure there are no issues later?  I'm thinking of joining a start-up that is offering me shares in the company as part of my compensation. What do I need to get them to tell me in writing to make sure there are no issues later? (e.g. vesting
How do I prevent non-custodial parent from obtaining custody if something were to happen to custodial parent? I have a 5 yr old daughter and since she was 2 I have had full legal and physical custody of her. Her father has never really been around he didn't show up to court when I was given custody.  He has now moved out of state. In the past 2 years
What could the possible penalty be for a 15-year-old boy having violated California penal code 538?  What could the possible penalty be for a 15 year old boy having violated California penal code 538 (d) (a)? He is diagnosed with ADHD and OCD.
In the state of Arizona if there is no marriage the mother is automatically the custodial parent even if the father is on the birth certificate.  What happens if the mother has passed away
Question about leasing? I found a place for rent and I called the landlord about renting it and she said we could rent it we just had to send the rent and security deposit immediately because we are out of state we couldn't take it to her. So we haven't signed a lease or anything
is there any issues with using etc.
Does the original contract has any value & can we collect pay on work done in the last 9 months?  The owner of the corporation had invited me and my partner to be part of his corporation. We wrote out a contract in November of last year. Notarized and signed. It was between the three of us. It stated that me and my partner have undivided profit sharing of 50% and we will be part of the corporation as soon as it is restructured for 49% share holders. The corporation was restructured and we became shareholders. Keep in mind that we never actually paid in to the corporation share value set at $5.00 per share but signed all the paper work. Then he kicks us out! Does the original contract has any value? Can we collect pay on work done in the last 9 months? Can we collect damages of any sort for re directing our lives?
Do I get any compensation for showing up ready to work? I'm the oilfield trade. Got rained out last Wed. Showed up to the yard ready for work
Do employees have a right to demand raises at least once a year or is it at discretion of the employer? Do employees have a right to demand raises at least once a year or is it at discretion of the employer?
Is it legal for me to send my ex just the wedding ring since he did not specify wedding ring and engagement ring? When splitting up property in a divorce
Are oral agreements enforceable? Are oral agreements enforceable?
Is there a way to make a neighbor take down the old fence? A neighbor of mine put up a new stockade fence. However they did not take down the old metal chain link fence.The old fence is dented in places and is rusty.When I'm in my back yard I have to look at the two fences. The old chain link fence show up because the new stockade fence they put up is white. It looks so nasty. Is there a way to make him take down the old fence?
If there are three owners on a property
Is my ex entitled to half of my retirement? I am getting a divorce in California. We have been married 10 years. Is he entitled to half of my retirement now?
Can I sue for profits earned through copyright infringement? Can I sue for share of profits earned through copyright infringement?
Can a teacher make a 6th grade student sit at a kindergarten table at lunch to degrade them? Can a teacher make a 6th grade student sit at a kindergarten table at lunch to degrade them?
Is there anything I can do to stop a former employer from giving me a bad reference? I have just settled a Workers Comp case against my last employer and want to go to work.  I just found out that employer is now giving a bad reference to inquiries
Legal not to get my promised paid vacation? I worked for a company for 1 and 1/2 years and was told when hired that I would receive 1 year paid vacation.  I never took any vacation and when I re-signed they did not pay me my vacation pay?  Is that legal?
I need representation in a paternity suite
I wanted to know can I get worker's comp for carpal tunnel? I wanted to know can I get worker's comp for carpal tunnel?
Can I void a contract as a seller legally if I'm having second thoughts on the agreed upon price? I am a seller who sold an item to a private party buyer 2 days ago. I'm having serious regret as to selling the item
If there's a mandatory meeting
Is it illegal for a HVAC manufacturer to refuse to sell replacement parts to a HVAC service company to repair an HVAC system that the service company is servicing? Is it illegal for a HVAC manufacturer to refuse to sell replacement parts to a HVAC service company to repair an HVAC system that the service company is servicing?
If my cousin is in the process of getting a divorce
We don't have any kids or finances together but can I get alimony? We have been married for 1 year & he wants a divorce. We don't have any kids or finances together but can I get alimony?
I directed
I have a business in Houston
Paying off a loan default I'm in default of a credit card loan
If someone records soundbites off of a news or talk show
Summary judgement is? What is a summary judgement?
Can I get out of the contract? I joined a local DirectBuy club in March of this year.  I have not used the club yet.  I have found myself in financial hardship since I joined the club.  I owe the IRS for taxes on settled debts and I have to pay them back. I put down $590 for this membership but have not started my monthly payments yet.  I can no longer afford to pay for this membership which is 176.00 per month. Can I get out of this contract?
Possible for my boss to fire me over a personal matter not pertaining to my job? Is it possible for my boss from work to fire me over a personal matter not pertaining to my job?
Do I have to give my daughters a 30-day notice and how do I get them out of my home?  I have two daughters  ages 33 and 20 and I have allowed to live in my home but they have made my life unbearable.   I want them to move.   I gave a 30 day written notice a form I printed off the internet for them both to leave on  4/12/12   Its becoming increasing more difficult to live with them.   Do I have to give them a 30 day notice?   How do I get them out of my home?
In a separation
How to get my name off mortgage when husband got the house in divorce?  how to get my name off mortgage when husband got the house in divorce? He did not buy me out
Is it legal for a landlord to order a lease which states that they are investing the money and collecting interest? My landlord invested our security deposit and is collecting interest. I just received a 1099-INT from the bank. When I spoke to my landlord about this
Law against revealing names of employees to outside sources? Is there a law against revealing names of employees to outside sources?
Question regarding legality of using names for business? A business partner left the company and started another company providing the same services with almost the same name. OUR COMPANY NAME IS capital shipping cargo. The other company name is em-barque capital. EMBARQUE IS THE SPANISH NAME FOR SHIPPING. Can he use that name?
Is there a legal way to get a tenant out of my property other than an eviction? I have a tenant that has not paid rent for nearly a year.  They were served a 30 day notice about 6 months ago.  Is there a legal way to get them out of my property other than an eviction?
Legal for a school teacher to go to class on Sundays to teach? A high school public school teacher requires his AP US History class to go to class on Sundays
Will I be able to collect what my ex never gave me in child support? I have been separated from my husband for about 7 months and out of those 7 months he has only given me child support money twice. Will I be able to collect what he never gave me? We have 2 children together and he is currently receiving unemployment.
Can I be legally divorced without knowing? Can I be legally divorced without knowing?
Is it legal if I am one month late on my rent payment and my landlord put for rent signs outside my unit? Our question: Is it legal if I am one month late on my rent payment and my landlord put for rent signs outside my unit? Advertising my apt for rent no legal letters or court dates ever mentioned. Is this legal?
What to do if the landlord is backing out of lease agreement 2 days after signing? What to do if the landlord is backing out of lease agreement 2 days after signing?
Legal for the Sheriff's dept to take my handicapped grandson to a truck stop and just drop him off? I have a handicapped grandson that was just picked up by Charlotte Cty Fl. Sheriffs dept. He is a ward of the State being taken care of by the State. Is it legal for the Sheriff's dept to take him to a truck stop and just drop him off?
Can a renewal term of a contract be for longer period than the initial term? Can a renewal term of a contract be for longer period than the initial term?
Are individual Chamber of Commerce board members liable in a suit of the Chamber
How do I go about getting the papers drawn up if the father wants to relinquish his rights to my unborn baby? The father wants to relinquish his rights to my unborn baby. How do I go about getting the papers drawn up?
Are there any tax liabilities for my brother and myself if my mother gave a gift of $300
I worked for DJ through sub-contracted events. I waited weeks for pay and have not received it. Contracts state that after performance
If I copy biographical material out of a book to put on Wikipedia
Can I get fired for filing a former complaint with my employer about a co-worker? I'm filing a former complaint with my employer about a co-worker. What steps does the employer have to take? And can they fire me for doing so?
Statutory provision for attorney's fees to a prevailing party in a post decree matter to modify a parent plan?  Is there a statutory provision for attorney's fees to a prevailing party in a post decree matter to modify a parenting plan?  The decree is in California and California law would apply.
What can I do if the company refuses to give me my shares? I have a contract with a company to give me 3
If a newspaper publishes an opinion piece that I authored
What is the relationship between volume and temperature? What is the relationship between volume and temperature?
A UK government agency investigated a passing off claim against a new written product published for ... A UK government agency investigated a passing off claim against a new written product published for profit by a UK-based organisation with global offices (including the US office which developed the product). The UK agency upheld the complaint and asked the organisation to substantiate the claims in their marketing materials and on the product itself. The organisation could not do so and were forced to take down their claims from many international websites and promise to remove the claims in the next print run. Would this be submissible evidence to support a US claim for commercial plagiarism (plagiarized for commercial gain
Is it possible to write a patent over an idea that another existing company already offers as a service?  Is it possible to write a patent over an idea that another existing company already offers as a service? (patent in the US)
I have a meeting with an investor for my idea
If Real Estate Relinquished in Chapter 7 Will Owner Be Liable? If real estate is relinquished in a Chapter 7 case and the mortgage discharged
My ex-husband's live-in fiancee has been a real problem for a long time now.  She is always looking ... My ex-husband's live-in fiancee has been a real problem for a long time now.  She is always looking to find fault in me with my son (who lives with them 50% of the time).  I have so many emails where she is calling me names or telling me I'm a bad parent
Can my U.S. born girlfriend file a I-120 and I-485 forms for me? I'm Italian I came to USA under fiance visa K-1. After 2 months
I f I request an extension of time to summit my opposing Summary Judgment and do not hear from the J... What If I request an extension of time to summit my opposition to Summary Judgment and do not hear from the Judge within a day before it is to be submitted.
Is there a way to just make my mom no longer the conservator of my late father's retirement account? I have a retirement account from my deceased Dad. I'm 22. My mom is the conservator on the account. we recently took out money to get me a car. She is making the payments on it for me. I want to make them and have some money till my next job gets going. The car is in my name. Can I get my money back from her? Is there a way to just make her no longer the conservator?
Creditor Reported Delinquency Post-Discharge for a Discharged Debt Filed for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy and was discharged in February 2009. In April of 2011 Infiniti Financial Services
How do I collect money owed to me from a person who went bankrupt many years ago? i won a decision a while back in the late 80's. The employer went belly up and filed bankruptcy. He listed all his debtors and paid them off. However
Does my son from current marriage figure into the support equation since he is a dependent of mine? I pay child support for two daughters from last marriage. Does my son from current marriage figure into the support equation since he is a dependent of mine as well?
Question regarding charged with driving on a suspended license and leaving the scene? My name is William Hogan. I was charged with driving on a suspended license and leaving the scene of an accident after I was rear ended in a friends car on Oct. 25th. Do I have any power in this situation to fight the charges? I left the scene but don't know if I can fight the charges or not. There is no one except the young lady that hit me that can testify I was driving. I gave her my I.D. Card though and that is how the officers found me. If I make a statement to the insurance company telling them I was driving is that something that will come to bear on me in court? Sandy
Child Support when Ex-husband is Changing Jobs My ex-husband is leaving a government job and starting his own business. Our divorce agreement states that he will pay the sum of $875 every 2 weeks
Must I fire attorney A before I speak to attorney B to represent me? In North Carolina
How often and how much can a landlord raise your rent?  How often and how much can a landlord raise your rent? Mine has been raised 3 times in 12 months
What is the risk of using references to prior art that are critical? What is the risk of using references to prior art that are critical to the understanding of function and novelty in a provisional application for method and appratus?
What is legal status of patents belonging to dissolved company? My company has found some patents that our product could be violating. The patents
Can I press charges if landlord opens my mail? If my landlord opened my mail
Is it legal to reverse engineer software format to provide interoperability of own software? Is it legal to reverse engineer the file format of a desktop software package for the sole purpose of interoperability of software we have written.  Our software inter-operates with many programs like this to provide interoperability between them all.
Can I demand monetary compensation from a utility company using my private property to install new equipment in my front yard instead of using the easement in the back of my property? Can I demand monetary compensation from a utility company using my private property to install new equipment in my front yard instead of using the easement in the back of my property?
How will my possessions be affected when I break lease? I was wondering
Obligated to accelerate stock options of terminated employee? A former employee claims that he was verbally promised accelerated vesting of his stock options upon his departure.  He is now demanding that the company act on this promise
Does independent contractor software coder have rights to already developed software? We hired a Independent Contractor software coder to design a system we use for managing our operations. We gave him the specs
How many interrogatories and request for admissions allowed in California Civil Discovery? I wanted to clarify the number of interrogatories and request for admissions that are allowed during discovery in CA. Is it possible to combine 1 set of form interrogatories
How to limit liability for web development advice? I have written up about 1700 words of way to make money with a specific web application and want the to give the description to a customer. I do not wish to be liable for that advice or for any actions taken after reading it. So what can I give to my customer to minimize liability and say: this is what I think
Do I qualify for group health insurance if I incorporate as S-corp? I want to pursue opportunities as a consultant in North Carolina.  If I leave my job
Do I qualify for group health insurance if I incorporate as S-corp? I want to pursue opportunities as a consultant in Building Automation--based in North Carolina.  If I leave my job
Pros and cons of exclusive license agreement? My cash-strapped startup has been approached by a potential licensee that has offered a substantial upfront payment in exchange for an exclusive license. This infusion of cash would be great as it would provide much needed funds. But
How much should I change copyrighted house plan to avoid infringement? How much do I have to change a copyrighted house plan to avoid infringement?
Issues with distributor assigning software distribution agreement? I am entering into an agreement with a software distributor to sell my company's software.  The software distributor has asked if it can assign the agreement in the future.  I have no problems with it
Is it legal for landlord to change locks due to unpaid rent? Can a Landlord change the locks on a business rental for non payment of rent?
Types of due diligence to perform on new hires? My company is about to hire a senior engineer from one of our competitors.  What type of due diligence should our company perform prior to hiring this engineer?
Insider trading laws for investing in non publicly traded companies? Wondering what the general regulations/laws are for VC or private single investors to invest in non-publicly traded companies such as startups. In particular
Is there a way to be married without household income? My fiance's ex-wife is threatening to modify the child support to include my income after we are married.  Is there a way to be married without household income?
Insider trading laws for investing in non publicly traded companies? Wondering what the general regulations/laws are for VC or private single investors to invest in non-publicly traded companies such as startups. In particular
Can you file for divorce in a different county in CA if the first case is still open? Can you file for divorce in a different county in CA if the first case is still open?
Ex-girlfriend received papers for child support but doesn't want it. My ex-girlfriend and I have a child together. We both agreed to share custody and keep the courts out of it. The mother is unemployed and I pay for almost everything the child needs. She has received papers from child support office
Am I allowed to leave my son with my fiance or do I have to let the non-custodial father (FL) who does not pay child support keep him? I am in the military (GA) and about to deploy and I want to leave my son with my fiance. Am I allowed to do that or do I have to let the non-custodial father (FL) who does not pay child support keep him?
Legal for my employer to discuss the results of my drug test in the presence of co-workers? My employer implements random drug testing. Is it legal for them to discuss the results of my drug test in the presence of at least 3 co-workers that have absolutely no need-to-know? Does this violate any right to privacy or business ethics laws?
How many interrogatories and request for admissions allowed in California Civil Discovery? I wanted to clarify the number of interrogatories and requests for admissions that are allowed during discovery in CA. Is it possible to combine 1 set of form interrogatories
How to release anonymized usage data collected from website with minimal liability? I am considering releasing anonymized usage data collected from my company's website to third parties
Optional Practical Training jobs SSN tax exemption Is a student working on OPT exempted from SSN tax?
Can I pay for code development with shares of the corporation? OK
Do I have to live in a state that recognizes common law marriages to be married that way? I live in Pennsylvania. Do I have to live in a state that recognizes common law marriages to be married that way or can I just go there and get an affidavit form notarized stated that me and my partner agree to be married?
How many shareholders can a S-Corp have? My company is setup as an S Corp
How can I have the insurance company send me a copy of policy contract? I have a Homeowner Insurance claim in progress in New York City.I have written to the insurance company several times
Does my wife have any legal claim to the boat? My wife was given a 24 ft boat (value aprox3k) by our land lord.  The land lords father passed two years ago and he gave her the boat then.. About a month ago
I've been divorced 2 years after 4 years of marriage.  The house was in my name but the divorce sett... I've been divorced 2 years after 4 years of marriage.  The house was in my name but the divorce settlement says my ex gets 80% of net proceeds from the sale.  There is no equity in the home and I probably would lose money if I sold it.  I've rented it for the last 2 years because we couldn't sell it and have paid an extra $300 per month in mortgage and maintenance costs.  She is now telling me she wants me to pay her portion of the equity.  Can she do this?  Can I make her reimburse me for my added expenses and get her to pay a portion of them going forward?
I want to know how to dispute/remove an executor based on lack of trust and incompetenceMy mom die... I want to know how to dispute/remove an executor based on lack of trust and incompetence.My mom died in hawaii; we found a holographic will (will questionaire) signed/dated.Executor is Mary (fake names)Conservator is SusanBeneficiaries are My sister
With my divorce decree
If both parties were not notified and only relates to one
What to do if I entered into a contract with Love Bug & I want to cancel my membership agreement? Dear Law Pivot
How much time to vacate rental home if being sold in short sale before end of lease? The house I've been renting is being sold in a short sale. My lease does not end until November 2011. Does it have any effect on how much time I have to vacate the premises?
Which state best for creating Brazilian company's US subsidiary? We are creating an U.S subsidiary for our Brazilian Company. Considering that the subsidiary will be fully controlled operational company
When to restrict file sharing abroad? My internet company provides file sharing services for its users.  We plan to expand the service to other countries.  Because files would be shared internationally over our system
Pros and cons of LLC versus Corporation for Venture Capital Funding? Hi
Does company recently getting publicity need trademark? I run a website
How to pay taxes on revenues generated by site? My internet site is formed under an LLC.  It is making money now and I was wondering what steps we need to take to pay taxes on revenues generated by it?
Founder stock taxation. let say i'm incorporating my start up with 250M shares with a par value of .01 and i gave myself 35% of the company owning 87.5M shares.does that mean i have to pay some sort of tax for my 87.5M shares. i was told that i actually need to contribute in cash in order to get my shares at the par value price if not i will still need to pay it when i do my taxes; is this true or can i just get shares as services rendered.
Will bank honor restraining notice from judgement creditor? If there is a New York State civil money judgment against a NYS resident and the NYS resident has account in his own name in an out of state bank
Does sales tax apply to small prizes in CA? A restaurant (owned by a for profit corporation) has contests where people may win the equivalent of approximately $50 in food.  In CA
What IP issues in including product in domain name owned by company making its accessories? My company makes accessories for a very popular product.  I plan on having our company's domain name include the name of that product alongside other text which indicates we make accessories for that device.  What intellectual property and trademark issues do I face by doing this?
How to address industrial espionage from competitor? I have a small business that provides software to restaurants. The software enables restaurants to use interactive menus. There are a few companies offering software in this space and there isn't much public information on the offerings from any of them.  Recently
Is it necessary to form legal entity for website supported only by ad revenue? I have a website where all the content is originally authored by me and several colleagues.  The website is supported only by advertising revenue.  Is it necessary to create a legal entity for a website that is supported only by advertising revenue?
What requirements for running online sweepstakes or contest? Hello
Does company own rights to materials submitted by site users? Our company publishes content submitted by our users on our social networking website to attract like-minded users.  Because it has been voluntarily submitted to our site
Is it okay to reset vesting schedule? The venture capital firm with which our company is currently in negotiation wants to reset our vesting schedule by pulling it back a year or two.  We are already on the industry standard four year vesting schedule.  Should I be concerned here?
What is ideal corporate entity for clean tech company seeking funding? I want to form a company around a new type of clean technology my colleagues recently developed and successfully tested.  In order to scale our testing
If an individual claims to be an employee but files a tax return as an independent contractor
Can I record with both audio and video equipment in my workplace? I have a camera system that records in the main work areas. I want to add audio to some of the cameras. Do i need to do anything up-front regarding the law aspect of this?
Is it legal if I was denied application to rent a property recently because the homeowners insurance does not allow dogs when I have a service dog? I have a service dog but was denied application to rent a property recently because the homeowners insurance does not allow dogs. Is this legal?
Why would an at-will employer have an employee sign a release? I worked for an at-will employer and I was unexpectedly let go. They told me if I sign a 6 page Mutual Release and Separation Agreement contract then they will pay me 3 months salary and my remaining vacation hours. In return for signing this
Are Foreign Workers in California subjected to taxes? A foreign company wants to send employees to work in its US subsidiary in California under L1 visas. The employees will continue be paid by their normal wages (which is much lower than US salaries) in the foreign countries. Are they required to be paid in US as well? Are they subjects to US and California employment laws such as minimum wage and social security tax?
Is it OK for an independent contractor act as a corporate officer like CEO for a foreign business? A foreign business set up a corporation subsidiary in the state of California. It does not have any employees at this time. I was asked to run the subsidiary as a CEO but with no salary. I will be compensated by sales commission as an independent contractor. Is it OK for an independent contractor act as a corporate officer like CEO?
To protect from employee liability issues
Any legal action I can take to make my neighbor quiet his truck? One of my neighbors has a Dodge Ram Truck with high suspension
Is there a way to opt-out of an HOA agreement? My HOA wants to charge me a late fee of over 40% of the monthly fees - is this legit?  Is there a way to opt-out of an HOA agreement?
Do the buyers have any recourse on the signed AOS? In PA
What information rights does common shareholder have? I own approximately 8% of a company.  What information rights do I have in terms of examining their books
IP rights - Independant Contractor Software Coder vs Designer We hired a Independent Contractor software coder to design a system we use for managing our operations. We gave him the specs
Possible for competitor to sue over similarities in software?  My company developed a software program whose idea is similar to that of a competitor's program although the look
Issues with perpetual technology license request? I am in the process of negotiating a technology licensing agreement where the other side wants a perpetual license in exchange for access to a key partnership opportunities we need.  Are there any issues with which we should be concerned regarding their request for a perpetual license?
Issues with assigning software licensing agreement to acquirer? I am negotiating a software licensing agreement as a licensee where my company is only using software for internal processing purposes only.  However
How to determine royalty rates for chemical compounds? My biotechnology company has a just discovered compound that we want to license
How to narrow field of use in technology licensing agreement? My biotech company recently discovered a compound that is very effective in reducing bad cholesterol and treating headaches.  A pharmaceutical company that makes aspirin is interested in licensing the compound.  I am interested in licensing the compound
How to protect company name when used by others on social networking site. My company discovered that a private individual is using our company's name as their username on a prominent social networking site.  Currently
How to create parent company for already incorporated startups? I want to create a parent company for the various startups with which I am involved.   Each of my startups are already incorporated.   What is the best way to set this up?
How can I have all future PayPal payments directed to me instead of another for tax purposes? PayPal sent my wife a 1099 because she sold goods on eBay. How can I have all future payments directed to me (not my wife) and pay any future taxes myself?
How to negotiate liquidation preference on investor term sheet?  One of our prospective investors wants a very aggressive liquidation preference (4x) in our proposed term sheet. We realize that it could reduce our what we receive upon exit.  How should we negotiate this term?
Does company own rights to materials submitted by site users? Our company publishes content submitted by our users on our social networking website to attract like-minded users.  Because it has been voluntarily submitted to our site
I have an idea for a household product.  What would be the first step to see if a patent already exi... I have an idea for a household product.  What would be the first step to see if a patent already exist for the product
DBA for associated domain names necessary? I just registered my company.  So I need to file a dba for any associated domain names my company uses?
Appropriate to announce sale of stock? Our bootstrapped company is almost out of money.  To help us out
Negotiating valuation with investor? I am the founder of a startup
How to create equity agreement for new startup? I'd like to create an equity agreement among the 4 people that have been helping me get my startup off the ground.  The breakdown will be: 40% Founder 1
How to restructure founder's agreement regarding ownership? The co-founder and I are launching our startup soon.  Our founder's agreement gives us each a one-half ownership since we each put in the same amount of capital.  However
Question regarding a rent for stabilized apartment? I live in NYC in a rent stabilized apartment which is $1400 per month. 10 years ago I purchased a weekend place 2.5 hours from NYC.  I claimed it as my primary residence in the beginning. I registered to vote there in about 2003 and have a basic star exception on the place .  My 2010 and 2011 taxes now show my NYC apt as my primary residence once again. The bills I pay on the house and most of my mail are sent to my NYC address including DMV info
How long can a commercial landlord in NYC hold a security deposit? How long can a commercial landlord in NYC hold a security deposit?
How to address industrial espionage from competitor? I have a small business that provides software to restaurants. The software enables restaurants to use interactive wine menus. There are a few companies offering software in this space and there isn't much public information on the offerings from any of them.  Recently
Can the assistant DA present criminal evidence on the record to the grand jury members that doesn't exist? In a criminal grand jury proceeding
What IP issues when using board game as basis of mobile application? I am developing a mobile application that is an electronic version of a popular board game.  What intellectual property issues
Is deal signed by judge and DA legally binding? If you make a deal with the district attorney and the judge and the DA sign it
Can the bank take our assets in NY if we are selling our FL condo on a short sale? We are selling our FL condo on a short sale. Can the bank take our assets in New York
Can I sue someone if they taped my telephone conversation without my knowledge? In New York state can I sue someone if they taped my telephone conversation without my knowledge and threatens to use it against me in family court?
Do we have to pay annual fee if service has never been used or paid for? We have made a contract with a third party provider to use their service. However things did not go as planned and we had to postpone our project and take the website offline. We have never used any service of the provider nor did we pay any fees for the contract.  Now the provider is forcing us to pay the annual fee for the service we have never used.What are our rights
What are my legal options if I'm in the process of selling a rental property? I'm in the process of selling a rental property. I've had a link fence separating an adjoining  property for the last 20+ years. A new owner has purchased the home next door and claims my fence is 6 inches on his property. previous owner made no issue of this fence. What are my legal options?
If there's no reply from the current buyer
What is the statute of limitation for suing a nursing home for violating a persons civil liberties?  What is the statute of limitation for suing a nursing home for violating a persons civil liberties? Who do I need to contact about this situation? They also discriminated against me for a disability that I can't help. The whole situation has devastated my mom and has made my disability worse.
What to do if my daughter reported Mom's boyfriend gave her drugs? In counseling my year old daughter said my boyfriend gave her a drug at my house. I was not aware of it until she told me after counseling. The counselor reported it to social services. What is the likely outcome for me. I need confidential advice. My daughter and I meet with the counselor again on Tuesday.
Maintaining control of intellectual property? I have employees and contractors that are developing unique software that is essential to my business.  How can I make sure that the company retains full ownership of that software and its intellectual property?
How to protect proprietary information when working with outside consulting firm? My company wants to enter into a partnership with a very prominent consulting firm for cross-marketing purposes.  However
Can I sue drunk driver if neither have insurance? I was hit by a drunk driver who had no insurance and neither did I. The accident happened on 9/28/2011. Can I sue him?
Common terms in revenue sharing agreement? Our company wishes to enter into a strategic partnership agreement with a web-based company on a pay-per-click model.  What are common terms that should be included in such an agreement with respect to revenue sharing under this model?
Is there tax relief if I'm chapter 13 but I'm behind on my income taxes? Hi
In Mississippi after the landlord has obtained the writ
Who files complaint on appeal de novo for replevin? A replevin & counterclaim filed. Items at issue in replevin are returned--satisfying and ending plaintiffs complaint. Def. is not happy with partial damages awarded on his counter claim and files appeal de novo for only partial award on counter claim. On appeal who is required to file the complaint?
Who files complaint on appeal de novo for replevin? Replevin and counterclaim filed. Items at issue in replevin are returned therby satisfying and ending plaintiff's claims. Defendant unhappy with partial award on counterclaim and files appeal de novo on counter claim award alone. Who must file and serve the complaint on appeal?
Pros and cons combining software license and maintenance agreement in 1 document? My company sells specialized database software to the enterprise market.  I have a software license as well as a maintenance agreement as two separate documents that I could give to users.  Would it be better to combine them into one single document?
Will displaying headlines in mobile applications violate copyrights? My company has created a mobile application that aggregates news and blog headlines for users based on their preferences and selected keywords.  The application displays the headlines along with a snippet of the article and a link to the original article.  Will displaying these headlines in this format violate any copyrights?
Restricting scope
What are resources for due diligence on company name? Our startup is in the process of picking a better name for its business.  What resources should we look at to perform proper due diligence on the name we have selected?
Which country has governing law for outsourcing agreement? My company plans to outsource some work to a foreign country in Asia.  I am currently putting together the agreement and I am unsure what should be the governing law: the US state where my company is located or the foreign country. What should I do?
Is it legal to use Creative Commons licensed media on ad supported website? I run a website that is supported purely by advertising revenue.  May I publish media that is under a creative commons license on my advertising supported website without violating the terms of the license?
Can I be fired after hired with criminal history on application? I left my job for another when I applied for this job. I put my criminal history on the application. i was hired and a month later I was fired for my criminal history
When to indemnify users despite explicit terms of use stating we will not? I am in the process of putting together our terms of use for the website we are about to launch where users can store their data and share them with others.  We would like to avoid indemnifying anyone in all situations.  Are there situations where we would still have to indemnify the users even if we explicitly write into the terms of use that we will not indemnify them?
Are In trust for accounts treated as being separate from a will? The will stipulated that I receive 80%
Legal to use another's trademark for comparative purposes? My company wants to use another's registered trademark as a way of easily describing our service to others in its marketing materials.  Can we use another's trademark in a comparative way under fair use?
If I come face to face with the person who keeps burglarizing me
What is the default ruling in Michigan and can the tenant be held responsible for the entire amount of the judgement? I was awarded a default judgement against a husband and wife in lanlord tenant court. I filed for garnishment on the wife for the entire judgement because she is the only one working. She is disputing the garnishment because there were two names on the lease so she only owes half. There were no provisions in the lease adressing this issue. What is the default ruling in Michigan? Can she be held responsible for the entire amount of the judgement?
House Plan copyright infringement How much do I have to change a copyrighted house plan to avoid infringement?
Finding out what co-employees make Can I be terminated if I ask a co-employee what they are paid to see if my pay is comparable?
Michigan law on breaks? Working a 12hr shift:  What is the law for breaks and lunch?
Is termination clause in a founder's agreement necessary despite implied lack of faith? I am in the process of putting together a founder's agreement for my startup.  I have been told that it would prudent to include a termination clause.  However
Question regarding lending a friend $50K to start a home flipping business? Fool that I am ..I lent a freind $50K to start a home flipping business.  Of course
What forms do I need to respond to a summon? What form do I need to fill to respond for the summon served by the neighbor who is sewing me for to create an easement  on my north side of the pathway?
Legal to use another's trademark for marketing own service? Is it fair use to use another company's registered trademark on our website so we can market a service that works with the product that belongs to the owner of the trademark?
Residency through american children Hello all
I have a 5 month old
What to do when tenant fails to move out after lease expires? A tenant did not move out upon expiration of their lease. Is he trespassing or do I have to go through an eviction process?Numerous promises to get current with the rent and give me a solid move date have come and gone without him doing what he promised. Today he informed me he will try to be out soon.  I want to minimize the damage.
What can I do if I gave temporary custody of my daughter to my aunt and she now refused to giver back? I gave my aunt temporary custody of my daughter while I was in the hospital on a high risk pregnancy with twins and we agreed that she would give her back. She is refusing now. What can I do?
Legal to take information from websites and display on own site? My company is planning to launch a website that combines the information of individuals from multiple online databases and display that on my company's website.  Do I risk violating the copyrights that may belong to those other database providers?
What to expect regarding second request after initial filings to acquire company fail? We are in the process of acquiring another company
If 2 parties own a property 1/3 and 2/3
Do I have any recourse if the plumber overcharged me? I hired a plumber on an estimate of $2369.00
Can my husband legally grant me all his income to start a paper trail of having an income?   Can my husband legally grant me (the wife) all his income
Employer Disclosures of Personal Employee Information? Is an employer allowed to disclose personal information about an employee to other employees?
Can the State go forward with a case if the victim drops the charges? I had my husband charged with assault which was a bondable offense. Two days later I contacted the States Attorney and asked to drop the charges. She said I could not drop them
Can a tenant leave a lease if they get a new job and they have to relocate? For PA law
What to do when company is threatening a bad check proceeding but gave us damaged products? Almost 1 year ago we received a large order of granite slabs from a Florida company for a set price. Once we unloaded them we realized they were not in salable condition with 70% cracked. We had given the vendor 2 checks. One was cashed for half the order and one we put a stop payment on.We sent them emails and made phone calls to come get the defective goods and refund us our money but they never responded. We ended up disposing of 40% of the granite.Now after a year they want the balance of the order paid and are threatening a bad check proceeding.
What can I do to stop my neighbor from building a fence? I live in a county residential neighborhood. my next door neighbor is building a fence almost to the street the the front that blocks my view of the street and I can't see cars coming up the street when I back out. I ask him to stop and explained my problem with the fence. He said that he wanted his privacy and felt he had a right to build the fence. What should I do?
Why would someone need to petition for a year's support? Why would someone need to petition for a year's support?
How to ask client for additional fees when project exceeds contract price? I was hired by a client to complete a project for a set price.  However
What are risks in completing contracts with signature page only? We often have operating agreements for companies that we either finance or create to be the holding entity of an investment.  As we may have 4-8 signatures for execution many times a signature page has been circulated which is scanned
Grand Jury Indictments---Prosecutor Presents Incorrect Evidence In a criminal grand jury proceeding
If I start divorce proceeding and then decide I am not ready what happens then? If I start divorce proceeding and then decide I am not ready what happens then?
Sellling Shares in My Company as an Investment I have an invention that I want to bring to market. I have an existing Florida S corp. My plan is to offer 1000 shares of preferred stock in a private offering to 75 friends and family at $10 each. Can I simply create the shares and sell them at a par value that I set?
I'm an Australian resident
Mother of child presses charges but never shows up to court. I'm being charged by the mother of my child for a few charges. She did not show up in court. I bailed myself out and went to that court date. They said she is no where to be found. What is now going to happened to me?Criminal Charges: Battery class
Can the divorce decree be broken and what are the chances of him winning a decision in his favor? My cousin signed his divorce papers under duress.  His ex-wife told him she would not give him a divorce unless she got 100% of his pension (approx. $3
If I have sole custody of my 6 year old son and his father and I have decided to let him finish the school year with him
What are MY rights as owner if my girlfriend and I had a dog but now broke up and is keeping the dog? I was in a relationship and have a dog with my ex..she recently took her and will not return her to me and now claims that she has all rights because her name is listed as co-owner on a lot of the paperwork and registration. Can you tell me what I can do and what MY rights are as owner?
How to design employee retention or M&A carve out plans? My employees are concerned about the value of their common stock in an M&A; transaction. What are some ways we can go about designing employee retention or M&A; carve out plans?
Hiring my first employee in California I am hiring my first employee and would like to know what major issues I need to be aware of to protect my business.
Roommate in hospital but fails to pay bills or retrieve clothes. My roommate goes to the hospital during the month and finds out that he has to go live in a nursing home but never came and retrieved his clothes until the end of the month. He was there and he ran up the water bill which out of his mouth he agreed to pay it. Does he still owe?He never came back and got his clothes and his room was still set up like he lived there
What are the gift certificate expiration laws? A merchant/store sold a gift card on an online deals website.An expiration date of 6 months from the time the deal was purchased was set in the terms by merchant. Expiration date has passed.  The buyer still wants to use the card.The merchant/store offering the deal is based in Texas. Buyers of the deal are requesting that they be able to use their gift certificate after the expiration date or least the value of what they paid ($50). The merchant has refused to accept any certificates after the expiration date including the amount paid.Is the merchant required by Texas law or other law to accept the value paid by the buyers of the gift certificate? If so
Question about developing a website? I am developing a website
How to incentivize management after investment? We are investing in a small startup and may end up owning a substantial portion the company
How to give consultants equity in LLC without making them employees? I have an LLC. I have three consultants working for me. I have agreed to pay them 4% equity each
What is the law on renters refusing to pay rent when it is a house share situation? What is the law on renters refusing to pay rent when it is a house share situation?
What does it mean that Walmart has me on camera shoplifting but does not know who I am? I was told by a friend that Walmart has me on camera shoplifting but does not know who I am. What does this mean?
My ex boyfriend took out a car loan in his name for me using my car for a trade in. I have made every payment on time by check and my trade in was $14
what are the chances of winning a lawsuit for deficiency on a debt?  I closed on a short sale of my primary residence
If I receive a letter from the water company stating that a tenant is stealing water and I'm in the process of evicting them
Can a juvenile be questioned without a parent present ?
In Indiana can a living trust protect assets
If I have taken all steps to try to get the landlord to fix the leaking roof which is ready to fall in. There are more issues. Building inspecter has sent 2 letters. Can I keep the rent to fix the problems and can I have a contracter do it? How much can I spend if it enemergency?
I am a college student that that moved in with someone who has changed the locks and not allowing me to get my things until I pay $600. What can I do to get my things back?
How can we protect against user-posted copyright infringement? I work for a social networking company and was wondering if we are legally accountable for copyright violations that are posted by our users. Do we need to be actively policing for these?
Do I have 30 days to file an appeal if I was denied a Motion for leave to re-argue?  Do I have 30 days to file an appeal if I was denied a Motion for leave to re-argue?  When does the 30 days start
Do I claim disability against my employer or thru the state If I've recently been laid off? I have recently been laid off. It's possible I am going on disability. Do I claim disability against my employer or thru the state?
Our small business has dealt with a credit card processing company since Feb 2010. They required a new application-we submitted-they rejected it w/o a cosignor
Can tenants refuse to reimburse me for utilities? During the last years lease
How to change to original name after being adopted then disowned? I was adopted at the age of 8 and my full name was changed. At the age of 17
Accepted plea bargain with fine
Is paper signed by both parents for custody valid if notary didn't witness it? My boyfriend and I just separated and we sign a paper stating that he has primary custody. I typed it up and two witnesses of our choosing sign this paper. Does it make it valid or legal if a notary didn't see anybody sign this paper?
Marital residence advice My husband of 11 years wants me to move out. His mother owns the house we live in.  If I move out of the house would I still be able to get a judge to rule that I can move back in?
Does Chapter 13 Toll Statute of Limitations? My Chapter 13 was dismissed. Am I out of the statute of limitations for my unsecured creditor to sue or get a lien against me?
Small consulting corporation filing first year's income tax forms. Small consulting corporation filing first year's income tax forms.  First time filer for 2011 less than 3 months in business with no income or employees.  Which IRS form(s) are required.  We've been granted S-corp status for 2012.
Is the lease still valid if they relocate me to a different apartment in the apartment complex and can I move somewhere else without penalty from this apt. complex? i live in apartment where the pipe has broken and water is coming from unknown place. I may have to move if lease is signed for current address. Is the lease still valid if they relocate me to a different apartment in the apartment complex and can I move somewhere else without penalty from this apt. complex?
Can we sue for damages and assess a fee per day for the equipment? My company provided a former customer with network equipment as loan for free.  The relationship soured and we sent an email stating that we will no longer provide this equipment for free and gave a date to either enter a contract for rental or return the equipment.  They have done neither.  Since there was no initial contract can we sue for damages and asses a fee per day for the equipment?
How to introduce and enforce modified website terms of use? Our website is about to introduce a new service which will integrate with every part of the existing website.  We will need to modify the terms of use to reflect these changes. What steps should we take to properly introduce these new terms to the users and to make these new terms enforceable?
Question regarding a separation agreement? According to our separation agreement
Payment of last paycheck I gave a 2week notice.  I would like to know if my employer has to give me all the money that is owed to me by the end of my 2 wks.
If two homeowners live on a privately built dirt road
Question regarding adding my father's name to my Birth certificate? I need to add my father's name to my Birth certificate. I was born in Delaware but live now in Georgia. Can I do a Petition to amend by Birth Certificate and if so what is the relief I have to request the court to give a court order for another state birth certificate.thank you
Am I entitled to compensation if the debtor has not fulfilled their obligations to me? I'm a creditor of a debtor in a chapter 7 case. The debtor has not fulfilled their obligation to me. Am I entitled to compensation ?
Is there a limit between how many shareholders can be part of an S Corp versus the standard C Corp? My company is setup as an S Corp
Do restaurants need to inform ahead of time like in the menu if they're adding gratuity to the bill? Do restaurants need to inform ahead of time like in the menu if they're adding gratuity to the bill?
Does a reference to another document which is no longer available or lost make a contract void or nu... Does a reference to another document which is no longer available or lost make a contract void or nullified?Such as a service agreement between two companies that makes reference to a marketing budget established in Schedule A
Foreign Company LLC Incorporation I am CEO of a Indian IT Company visiting US on B1 visa in Feb. I need to start LLC in CA . How much to get a LLC incorporated with EIN number and any other document to start a new business in US ?Can you open bank account  for this new company ?Can open a merchant account ?How much time will it take ?Have you done all of it previously for any other company ? Can another person who is on H1B visa in US become part of the company as a owner (I know he cannot work for it)?Note: I do have a SSN number which I got 4 year back when I was a student in University so I am not sure if I can use it for obtaining EIN number or if SSN is at all required to get a EIN number ?
What to do if my ex is threatening to take me to court for child support? I am a single father of a 3 year old. He was born out of wedlock and my ex-girlfriend keeps jerking me around about seeing my son. She threatens to take me to court for child support but never does. What can I do?
What terms to include to protect proprietary market research content? My company wants to start selling content based on market research it has conducted in the course of its business.  Since it is valuable data
Simple way to get the same custody of my late son's child? My late son had physical and shared Legal custody of his 15 yr old son.  The boys mother lives in North Carolina and is willing to give me the same custody of him here in Pa.  Is there a way to do this simply and economically?
Is protecting IP rights of technology developed abroad needed
Does my employer have to give me all the money that is owed to me by the end of my 2 weeks? I gave a 2-week notice.  I would like to know if my employer has to give me all the money that is owed to me by the end of my 2 weeks?
Questions regarding Immigration - EB-5 Visa? A foreign investor is interested in investing in our new company as part of the EB-5 Visa process
Am I due back my initiation deposit? In Arkansas
How to issue shares to friends and family investing in company? In order to help fund our startup
How do I protect ownership of my assets from siblings when my parents die?  I have many items stored in my parent's house that they also enjoy the use of. They are both in their 90's. How do I protect ownership of my assets from siblings when my parents die? - would a storage lease work or do I need some other legal document?
What filing obligations in California? My company was incorporated outside of California but we do business in California.  What other basic filing obligations do we have in California?
Has my 1st mortgage holder given up their rights as 1st mortgage holder because of refinance? 1st mortgage holder lien 19971st mortgage sold 19992nd lien 7/5/20003rd lien  5/8/20011st mortgage refinanced 7/8/2002Question has the 1st mortgage holder given up their rights as 1st mortgage holder because of refinance?
Should I start refinance process now or after separation? My spouse of eight years is considering walking away from the house and debt.  I want to keep it.  It is in my name and I have invested my inheritance in it.  I will need to refinance to afford it by myself. Should I start the refinancing process now or after legally separated or divorced?
Can Grandparents get visitation rights to assure safety My 2 1/2 yr old grandchild is being neglected- since birth father can't hold a job so mother has to work to provide He leaves child in crib all day because he will not wake up to attend to her- soiled diapers causing bloody rashes. The most recent event child was left unattended she escaped out of her home at 8:15 pm without anyone knowing she was missing she was found in wooded area up the street by a woman who almost hit her with her car. She was barefoot
Can we recover the remaining balance owed on a car loan oppose to the blue book value of a vehicle?
IP issues when developing software made to address another company's customers? While working as a consultant for a technology company
If I create a trivia telephone app
What steps do i take to get a man I've been living with for 9 years to move out of my house? I have been living with a man for 9 years.  We are not married and the house belongs to me free and clear.  I would like this person to move out and he refuses.  What steps do i take to get this person out of my house?
If the property was foreclosed
NYS law regarding agreements of contracts? I am a student @ CTU University and studying contract law.  I am looking for NYS law regarding agreements of contracts.
Is it legal for a salary person to work 30 hours overtime and not get paid? Is it legal for a salary person to work 30 hours over time and not get paid?
Does Obamacare require me to provide health insurance to my employees? I'm a small business with 5 employees and 1 part-time person in the state of California with a foreign LLC - do I need to get get everyone health insurance due to Obama Care?
Rights of a single mother toward her baby? Hi
Meal Breaks in California My employer requires that TR employees record a half hour lunch break each shift which is anywhere from 6-8 hours per day.  However
Can I make personal music video using copyrighted material? Is it legal to make a music video (just for fun) and share it with friends and family? The audio and video portion will contain songs and images that I have NOT obtained copyright permission for.
How is Seniority calculated in California? I have an issue on My company. I worked in a healthcare Facility and I was originally hired 2003 and happened that I unwiliingly resigned to some personal problem within my working environment involved my wife who asked me to resign 11/2006 and also my supervisor doesn't want to get involved so fastest to resolve the problem is resign not knowing that I could transfer to different facility with the same Company.  I was re-hired 2007 with different facility .  I got my rate the same untill 2010 of March.  Somehow the company separated our Department and that begins the problem.  they claimed that I was re- hired and I should get less Seniority and hold lmy increase when infact that during my comback years I didn't have any hold back issue
How soon after you are terminated does your employer have to give you your last pay check? How soon after you are terminated does your employer have to give you your last pay check?
A prenuptial agreement can be executed before a notary public? Can I use just notary republic for my prenuptial agreement?  Also
How far in advance does an employer have to let you know your needed for work? How far in advance does an employer have to let you know your needed for work?
How to pay contractor if full-time student and not business entity? I am planning on hiring a contractor to build a website for the business. This will be a one-time engagement paid on a project basis (NOT hourly). Contractor is a full time college student. Contractor does not have any business entity. Are there any particular requirements for paying contractor under these circumstances?
Does a motion to avoid need to be filed with the court on a judgement lien on a personal residence  that is registered with the county clerk and recorder but not filed with the court? When filing bankruptcy pro se
How many calendar days can I have to back out of a car deal contract in VA? How many calendar days can I have to back out of a car deal contract in VA?
If child refuses to go to school are you responsible to take care of them if they are over the age of 18? If child refuses to go to school are you still legally responsible to take care of them if they are over the age of 18?
How do I legally connect a website (domain+hosting) to a company? - Our company is 100% online. - Our website is the center of this business.- I registered an LLC in the state of Nevada with a partner.- I registered the website on my name.- My partner worries that the website
I am representing myself trying to modify custody of my 14 year old daughter.  The temporary court o... I am representing myself trying to modify custody of my 14 year old daughter.  The temporary court order says discovery is authorized pursant to rules of the court.  What are those rules of the court regarding discovery
Question regarding a deficiency notice from IRS? I received a deficiency notice from IRS.  Truly
The party foreclosing on my home cannot prove they own the mortgage. I am in foreclosure with my mortgage company. My home is in Arizona. The FannieMae site states they own my loan. There is no assignment showing this and its a conflict with Citimortgage as beneficiary. I also have a copy of an assignment of the deed of trust from American Home Mortgage to Citimortgage
Can employees have different benefits at the same company? Can an employer cover health insurance expense for a salaried manager and not the other hourly employees?
What common legal documents should business have for partners
At Will Employee I was called into my bosses office and told that a team member was unexpectedly leaving the company and he wanted me to accept a promotion and salary increase. I thought it over and accepted the offer via email.The following day the offer was withdrawn because I was told I was too valuable in my current department. The salary increase was also withdrawn.Our company has a written policy that we are to be reviewed once a year. It has been four years since my last review.What are my legal options?
What tax issues in converting from LLC to corporation? My early stage company was initially incorporated as a limited liability company
Is it legal to handcuff and interrogate minor without reading rights or making arrest
Will my property go to the state of California if I don't have a will?
What action to take against another for spoofing company website? There is a group that has spoofed my company's website. They are using a domain name similar to our domain name
Is it best to incorporate business before or after website launch? We have a social media site in which we are about to launch.  We want to incorporate at some point.  Is it best to incorporate before or after the launch of the site?
What are my rights if my Landlord is evicting me for a cluttered and messy apartment? Landlord is evicting me for a cluttered and messy apartment. What are my rights?
online lotto I've heard that the laws regarding purchasing online lotto tickets are unclear. I would like to get a better picture. I need info regarding interstate laws and a full scope and model legally?
Cited for Violations in Gwinett County. Clean Record. What Should I DO? Hello
If because the stock is not really tradable
Has the 1st mortgage holder given up their rights as 1st mortgage holder because of refinance? 1st mortgage holder lien 19971st mortgage sold 19992nd lien 7/5/20003rd lien  5/8/20011st mortgage refinanced 7/8/2002Question has the 1st mortgage holder given up their rights as 1st mortgage holder because of refinance?
How can we prove that prescribing without an in-person exam is legal? My company provides telehealth services to patients over the phone. We limit prescriptions to non-controlled
Is my daughter's father still legally obligated to be financially responsible for her if he signed away his rights? My daughters father signed away his rights to our child. Is he still legally obligated to be financially responsible for her?
I submitted a petition to amend an Illinois Birth Certifcate to the Gwinnett
Question regarding my status as a non-immigrant worker on H1B? Hello
What are implications of forgetting copied original submittal with hand lettering for patent substitute application? I have an issue where I thought it was ok to submit slight corrections to specification (Not Claims) prior to submittal.  I received a notice to file corrected application papers due to incorrect line spacing and hand lettering.  (I added several comas and changed the words solar collector to solar heating system in one or more places in the background section).  I understand that I have to submit marked and clean copies and am unsure how to mark and submit.  I am unsure what the ramifications of are providing a marked up copy that does not exactly match the originally submitted marked up copy are.  How do I mark and resubmit? Retitle to substitute marked application...?  What are the ramifications of not matching orig. marked app?
Can I still get alimony if I had an affair in GA? Can I still get alimony if I had an affair in GA?
Concerns of daughter trying to return to grandson's life after giving up custody. Do I need to worry about my daughter trying to come back into my grandson's life when she gave up custody of him to me and my wife on her own?
Is ring returned if engagement broken off? If you are engaged and break up before the wedding does the guy have the right to take the ring back?
What are legal requirements for alcohol wholesale ordering and resale? I am starting a small business (gift baskets)
What is Intent to take default? What is Intent to take default?
Quickest
Is it legal for officer to search minor without parental consent? Does an officer have the right to search my 15 year old's pockets? A neighbor saw them smoking pot and my son asked to call his mom first and the officer told him no.
What happens if officer part of investigation but no longer works for police department? if an officer is part of an investigation but no longer works for the police department
My divorce is becoming a mess. My wife had an injuction filed against me to get an advantage in the ... My divorce is becoming a mess. My wife had an injunction filed against me to get an advantage in the divorce. She hasn't let me see the kids and I a have visitation order. I filed contempt of court to see my kids and motion to drop injunction because she has been texting and harassing me. I have a court date in late Oct. However
Would like to know if my employer has to give me all the money that is owed to me at the end? I gave a 2 week notice. I would like to know if my employer has to give me all the money that is owed to me by the end of my 2 weeks?
child support for separation/divorce We have been separated 5 months and my husband has given me a certifed letter stating that he gives me full custody of our 7 yr old son. Can a judge grant a petition for separation or divorce in Ga without ruling on child support?  If he leaves and cannot be found
What are the guidelines with deeds if you divorce? If you place your spouse name on a deed for property
Is it legal to link non-commercial clause sites if placed in free area of for-profit website? Can a for-profit company's website link to copyrighted information that has a non-Commercial clause? I want to share resources that others have created. Most are copyrighted under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike License
Most efficient way for website users to accept terms of use? I am trying to figure out the most efficient way to have potential users of our website accept our terms of use.  I have seen other websites require users to select a check box.  Is this really necessary or could they agree when they sign up for the service by placing language to that effect right above the submit button?
How to collect payment when payer held liable by termination clause? July 2010 Services Agreement to customer: Either party may terminate this Agreement by giving thirty (30) days written notice to the other party. In the event of termination
Do I pay too much child support? if my ex wife and i share 50/ 50 of the children and her income is 35000 and mine is around 60000 . but she moved out to live with boyfriend and thier house hold income is greater than mine and i can just afford to pay our house payment (witch her name is on to) how could i end up paying child support. also considering the fact that my oldest daughter seldem  goes with her mother and both kids come to my house after school. i would estimate that i have around my daughter at least 60 % of the time. plus she refuses to pay the kids  cell phone bills. yet i pay 50% health insurance and most of the clothing cost?
My landlord believes he has evicted me just by telling me. His eviction date is 11*10*2011
If I get a new job offer
what are my rights when it comes to child protective service? what are my rights when it comes to child protective service?
Does employee receive earned bonus if they leave before check issued? Are employers required to pay an earned bonus if the employee leaves before the bonus check is issued?
Union executive board non-responsive to members' requests. What can a union member do when the Executive Board of the union is non-responsive to the requests of its membership and may have broken several by-laws in the process? This is a contract year and to simply vote them out may be too late to save the negotiations.
Question regarding my ex and I going through joint custody divorce? My ex and i are currently going through joint custody divorce. She is named the residential parent. However
How to obtain temporary custodial rights? I need information on obtaining temporary custodial rights for my grandson.  His mother (my daughter) is going in to rehab for drug addiction on Tuesday
Will we have to help pay off the mortgage bills during our divorce? In a divorce
Can I sue my employer for illegal wiretapping my personal cell phone? I have worked for a government funded program for 10 years. 3 years ago the company hired a new office manager thats never liked me. For the last 18 months the new office manager has had an illegal wire tap on my personal cell phone. He made it pretty clear to me that he is tapping my cell by saying things to me word for word that I've texted to my wife or other people. That's his way of letting me know that he's listening to everything I say or text on my cell phone. There's no doubt in my mind that he's doing this. Can I file a lawsuit against him or possibly the company for this?
Does work pay me for time taken off during drug screen if test clean? If my work puts me off 4 days pending drug screen results and my drug screen came back clean
I manage an apartment complex where a would-be-tenant has moved in without a lease
Father's death and had remarried My father just died and not sure if have some 401K's not known about since he remarried. How do I find out for sure?
Internet auction site charging separate items and shipping fees. If an internet auction site charges a percentage fee on items sold
If you sign an agreement to rent are you legally binded if it's not an actual lease? If you sign an agreement to rent are you legally binded if it's not an actual lease?
How to redirect users to pot farms through my land? I own two parcels of land. There is a road that runs between my parcels to Legal Pot Farms. I'm tired of Users coming to my door looking for their medicine. I would like to put a sign pointing down the access road with POT Farm at end of drive through metal gate. Are there issues in doing that?
I rented a vacation home and paid the $5250.00 fee upfront as requested by the owner.  I have since cancelled the reservation and the owner informed me he has already spent the money (months in advance of the actual rental date) so it will take him time to reimburse me.  Isn't this illegal in NH?
Hello. I recently sold a car to a man and told him what was wrong with it. This car was over heating and he knew about it. He called me today and told me that the thermostat had been removed
Bank account held for judgement in another state. My bank account has been held for a judgement from 2000 for $1753 from New York from a credit card machine company.  The bank held double the amount
Can we type something up stating that we agree on the terms for divorce? I'm divorced with 2 children and live in Illinois.  I'm wanting to move to another state to be closer to family.  My ex and I have spoken about it.  He has agreed to let me move in with my parents.  He only has supervised visits and doesn't see them on a regular basis.  Can we type something up stating that we agree on the terms or do I need to present it in court?
What are the laws for tenants living in a foreclosed apartment? What are the responsibilities of a management company in fixing health issues in the units?
If I have received a partial payment for subcontract work
How to title grantee acknowledgement to deed? I would like to record a grantee acknowledgement to my deed in Virginia.  How should the document be titled?  Thank you.
What do you if your boss wants to frame you in order to lose your job?
Can company make you take your meal within 2 hours of clocking in?   Can company make you take your meal within 2 hours of clocking in?  And then allow you to work 6 that hours with 1 ten min. Break?
Can judge cancel order of protection if girlfriend initiates contact? My Girlfriend got a phony order of protection for me on Nov. 8th & waited to the 16th to serve it. On Dec. 26th
Is brown leaking water in apartment safety/health violation? My apartment started to leak water from the ceiling vent
Do you lose your right to a speedy trial if you have to drop your public defender? Do you lose your right to a speedy trial if you have to drop your public defender for doing NOTHING
If  I have a tenant evicted
I live in Massachusetts. I owe money to a utility company that took me to court for payment. Could the company put a lien on my house if I have a Homestead filed on my home?
Can spouse of decedent make trust irrevocable? After a person is deceased and probate is filed and the last will and testament form of the deceased person is changed to a trust
Can I break lease if rental office neglects to tell residents about break-ins? The Rental office neglected to tell residents in my building about a series of break-ins. My husband works at night & I have 2small daughters
Owner refuses to turn over title after car purchase. We paid $5000.00 for a used van 31 days ago.  The previous owner refused to turn over the title.  What can we do?
Can my ex arrest me if my kids want to go back with me in another state? My children and I are from Indianapolis
Are my rights as a tenant for 90 days notice covered under the federal tenant foreclosure act if my landlord is selling the property in bankruptcy?
Are voice recorded statements admissible in WA court? Are voice recorded statements admissible in court in the state of WA? My mom and boyfriend got into a confrontation & my mom gave a voice rec. statement but is unable to come to the hearing to testify. Will they be able to use her statement that was recorded?
Can I file lien on school job? I was asked to leave a job due to conflict with the job superintendent but still have money coming to me. Can I file a lien on the job even if it is a school?
Is it fair if my lawyer says he gets 50% of the settlement? I just won a settlement for 29000 dollars
Sued for medical bill that should not have been in collections. I am being sued for a medical bill that should not have been put into collections because of The Fair Debt Collections clause. I responded and got all my paperwork to prove my case but when I called they said since my husband had not responded also that he is in default. What can we do now?
Does a landlord have the right to inspect the inside of the property monthly without provocation?
Is there something we can do legally to make my roommate's estranged wife leave? I live with a roommate and his wife and kid showed up one day. They are legally still married but he wants nothing to do with her and she won't leave till she gets exactly what she wants. She is driving us crazy! Is there something we can do legally to make her leave?
Do I pay back rent if landlord fails to inform me of rent? I live in subsidized housing.  If the landlord fails to inform me of my rent for four months
 if someone is sick at work and has a fever of 100 F
How do I go about getting my child back after giving temporary legal guardianship to my cousins? My cousins in Chicago have legal guardianship over my 5 year old so I can go to school and get my life together. They've had her for 3 years now and now that I'm stable I want her back and they're giving me a hard time. How do I go about getting her back?
How to change our divorce papers so that they state that I have residential custody of our son? My ex-husband currently has residential custody of our 8 year old son and is now ready to give it to me. I already have it for our 6 yr old daughter.  However he has let my son live with me in the past and then feels like he can take him back whenever he wants(our son in special needs).  So
Can owner-financed mortgage go against my credit? Can an owner financed mortgage go against my credit?
Can I terminate biological father's rights if name not listed on birth certificate and no recent contact? I live in Pennsylvania. My daughter turned 2 on July 12th.  There is no father listed on her birth certificate. The last contact with her biological father was when she was 3/4 months old.  Can I get his rights terminated without his consent for abandonment?
My tenants want to break their lease early. Can I keep their security deposit and hold them responsible for rent until I find new tenants?
Can I add fiance's name to condo mortgage? I own a condo in WI w/ mortgage in only my name. My fiancee is being transferred for work. Can we get my fiancee's name onto my condo's mortgage or deed quickly so that the company transferring him will include the condo in his relocation package? We couldn't refinance to add his name to mortgage.
What's my punishment if I was just charged with illegal use of a motor vehicle? I was just charged with illegal use of a motor vehicle and I want to know what the likely punishment will be?
Is a contract null and void if owner emails a cease and desist order to sub-contractor to fulfill secondary contracts and then refuses to pay sub contractor for completed services on primary as well as secondary contracts? Can I file a criminal charges for theft of services of over $4000.00?
What to do when mother leaves you property to put in trust but family in trust wants to sell it? Your mother passed away and left you a home but was advised not to leave the property attached to the home but instead put the property into a family trust. One or more of the family members in the trust wants you to pay rent or sell the property out from under you. What can be done?
If a trespass warning is put out on a residential address
Can a mother lose her custody rights if she has not followed them in over a year? Can a mother lose her custody rights if she has not followed them in over a year?
Salaried employee asked to do job outside normal scope
What can I do if I witnessed a prosecuting attorney tipping a jury off about a pending case? What can I do if I witnessed a prosecuting attorney tipping a jury off about a pending case a defendant had while she was trying a case in court against him?
Can a parent take the children out of state without the permission of the other parent? In Arizona
Can my will request my family have child visitation equal to that of my husband? CAN I EXPRESS MY WISHES IN MY WILL THAT MY FAMILY BE GIVEN  VISITATION WITH MY CHILDREN EQUAL TO THAT OF MY SURVIVING HUSBAND AND HIS FAMILY? MY FAMILY IS IN NC AND HIS IS IN TX
I am withholding rent because of a severe roach problem that existed before I moved into the house in which I rent its basement.  Because I am allergic to foggers and she doesn't want to pay $300
If we wanted to project the lyrics to a song on a screen during a church service
How many breaks required by law for work? How many breaks are required by law for 8 hours of work?
I live in a mobile home park in MA and have kept a motor home here for the past eleven years. The park manager has informed us that there is a new rule that no motor homes are allowed here any more. Would I be grandfathered because he gave us permisson to keep it here?
How do we change the custody order without hiring an attorney or going to court? If the custodial guardian and parent are in agreement to change custody
How much can a landlord raise your tent at one time? How much can a landlord raise your rent at one time?
How can my husband and I get temporary custody of our grand-babies? How can my husband and I get temporary custody of our 2 and 3 year old grand-babies? We have had them most of their lives receive no support and the Mom is a drug addict and the Dad beats all of them. He hit me last week so I have a warrant on him. We don't have the money right now for a lawyer and they are trying to get them now because the child support trial is coming up and they want them so they can say they have been raising them. The boys are in danger with them help.
In Massachusetts
I live in Salt Lake City Utah. I leased a fully furnished condo and my lease expires in June of 2012. The property was foreclosed on and now owned by Freddie Mac. The previous owners want to rent me the furnishings for $400 per month. Who does the furnishings belong to?
Can I take my child out of state if I leave my husband?
I'm in debt mangement program.  I looked at my credit scores.  Some of creditors scores me 30
What should I do if I was held an additional 5 days and I was given an ROR? After turning myself in on a warrant
Can a pregnant woman come to the states to apply for a green card? My friend is 4 months pregnant and has a European passport. She is leaving next weekend
Can my company revoke a retirement plan? My company had us make a choice in 2000
What is the rejection risk for an H1B visa if the applicant does not have a bachelor degree but has extensive experience? My husband has an H1B visa now. Though he does not hold a bachelor degree
How should I defend myself against false accusations from my ex-girlfriend
Can my husband come back to the US with an expired green card?  My husband acquired his green card through me. I am a US citizen. He left 2 months ago to his home country of Guatemala. He left with an expired green card. He is still not divorced from me
Can my landlord increase my rent by 10%? My landlord wants to increase my rent by 10%. Is it legal?
What will happen if my boyfriend misses his court date and has his mom go in his place? My boyfriend (soon to be my baby's dad) attended immigration court a couple moths ago. It had told him that it was going to give him time to look for a lawyer and to come back Jan. 31.  He is 19 and got sent to jail 2 weeks ago. His release day is on March 10 which means he wont be able to go to his court date. If his mom goes and tells the judge
Can I get an illegal alien that I married documented here? I'm a US citizen
Is it legal for me to receive a continuing writ of garnishment in my case? A law firm received $2000 from me and never filed the Ch 13 bankruptcy. I was garnisheed by one of the debtors that was to be included in the bankruptcy. Initial garnishment was for $4
How do I get a no contact stalking order case reopened? How do I get a no contact stalking order case reopened in Lee County
Do I have a right to move back into the house that my husband and I own after moving out 10 years ago and never divorced? My husband and I own a house together in NY. I moved out 10 years ago and the house was paid for at the time. Do I have the right to move back in to the house? We are not legally separated or divorced.
Can my new wife claim my children on her taxes? My wife and I had a civil ceremony. Can she claim my children on her taxes?
What is the IL statute of limitations for medical malpractice? What is the IL statute of limitations for medical malpractice?
How can I remove the father from my daughter's birth certificate who added his name without my permission? When my daughter was born
Should I take my ex-husband to court to help pay for our son's college parent loan? Should I take my ex-husband to court to help pay for our son's college parent loan? We've been divorced for 15 years and he paid the minimum per month by the State of California during our son's younger years.
How could I get full or joint custody of my youngest sibling from my mother if I am 16? How could I get full or join custody of my youngest sibling from my mother? I am 16 years of age.
What are my alternatives for taking my family law case to the US Supreme court? My children were removed by Division of Child Protection and Permanency (formerly DYFS) in NJ 2009 because of an abandonment claim. During litigation
If the mother of a child had full custody and the father previously gave up rights and now has filed for joint custody
Will there be any issue with my wife travelling to a foreign country while her H4 visa extension is still pending? I am in H1B visa. My H1B and my wife's H4 visa expired on September 30
How can I change my daughter's last name to match my own? I have a beautiful
Can an American citizen granddaughter get visa for her grandparents? Can an American citizen granddaughter get visa for her grandparents?
How can we change the status on the I-130 so my husband can adjust since the priority is up to date now? My husband was petitioned by his mother a LPR in 1998
What do I do I have seen my child once and don't really know if I'm his father? Three years ago
Do I have a case against the dealership that sold me a car with a faulty sensor? I bought a 2005 Jeep Liberty at a dealership that sold many different kinds of vehicles. I bought it in March of 2012. It was back at their shop 2 times the first month I had it. The sensor lights were on. I took it back they told me they fixed it. I took it back again for the same thing they said they didn't know what the problem was and sent it to a Jeep dealership. Thought the problem was fixed then the check engine light came on. My husband called they said as long as it doesn't blink we are good. It is now dead. I took it to a mechanic he said its going to cost me $4000-5000 to fix it. I still have 3 years of payments and $5000 is ridiculous when I paid $8000 9 months ago. Do I have a case?
What are my legal rights when the an apartment lessor fails to disclose that someone else owns the apartment and it needs frequent recertification? I'm currently leasing an apartment in Brooklyn from a lady who is leasing it from the managment company (or so I thought). I have a one year lease agreement
Should I seek a higher settlement amount against the pharmacy that gave me the wrong medication? I have a case against Walgreens because they gave me the wrong medication. The medication they gave me did not mix well with the medication I was currently on. It caused irreversible damage to my body that I will have to deal with for the rest of my life. My current lawyer is telling me to settle for the $10
Can I sue for extensive interior and foundation water damage from poor construction workmanship? Can I sue for extensive interior and foundation water damage from poor construction workmanship? I live in a condominium. During the summer of 2011
Is it not considered retaliation to write me up and not write up other employees for the same offenses? I had to report a sexual harassment claim to my employer 3 times before it was handled because the harasser was the boss' son. I was given a negative performance review
How do I stop a notice to vacate? How do I stop a notice to vacate?
Do I need to wait 10 years for expungement of arrest in MA? On 6/2006 i was arrested for assault and battery in Massachusetts. The case was dismissed without a finding
How do I avoid the foreclosure process? My husband had a reverese mortgage which is due as 6-4-2012. Because I was to young to qualify
Can an embassy be sued for releasing visa application information? My friend in Africa applied for his visa at the embassy. His mom got some trouble with her bank when she want to take some money in her bank account. They asked her if her son did apply for a visa at the American embassy and if I gave some fake papers. She started cry and their told her that their will send her to jail. Does the embassy have the right to share any information they receive from a visa application with somebody outside from the embassy? if no
Am I responsible for paying the insurance premium for medical expenses relating to work related injury? I was injured on the job and just had a cervical fusion due to the injury. Workers comp is covering these medical expenses
How can I save my home from foreclosure? My husband had a reverse mortgage which is due as 6-4-2012. Because I was to young to qualify
Does a child have dual citizenship if the father is a US citizenship and the mother is Australian? A US citizen father and Australian citizen mother married couple has a child born in US. Does the child have dual citizenship?
Am I entitled to my work bonus if I am out on workers compensation? Am I entitled to my work bonus if I am out on workers compensation?
Can I be a part of a union after being terminated? I was terminated from work on Wednesday. I live in Alabama. Is there any way I can be a part of a union?
What can be done to get back granddaughter whose father has taken her? My daughter is incarcerated in Missouri. She has a 2 year old daughter. The parents are not married and there are no custody papers filed in the courts. She sent me temporary guardianship/power of attorney papers that are signed and notarized. The father has the child and has moved to another location without giving a forwarding address or phone number to contact my granddaughter he has been in hiding for almost a year. The local police dept will not help us with this. Missouri statue states if a parent moves from one location to another with thee intent to keep the other parent from contacting or seeing the child is parental kidnapping. What can be done in this case?
What do I need to do to change my daughter's last name? I recently left my daughter's father and he is denying her to be his. I am want to take full rights from him and change her first and last name. Is that possible? If so
What do I need to look out for in a Settlement and Release of Claims Agreement? What do I need to look out for in a Settlement and Release of Claims Agreement?  In particular
Was I entitled to have my lawyer present after an auto accident even though I was not arrested? I was in an auto accident and suspected of driving under the influence. I was taken to the hospital with a head injury and interrogated by officers (they never identified themselves
What's the penalty for selling a stolen ring to a pawn shop? What's the penalty for selling a stolen ring to a pawn shop?
Should I put my house under an LLC or corporation to protect myself from liens? I live in RI and I have a home in the Villages in Florida that I rent out.  I want to put the house in either LLC or a corporation.  I am 70
What recourse do I have against boss who assigns me work that violates doctor's order? I sustained a work related injury 3/12 (dropped PC on wrist)
What is the right way to setup a contract with a book publisher? I need an agreement to be drafted between my company and a book publisher. The publisher is based in India (think of my business as Netflix for books). I have negotiated a flat fee with the publisher for a fixed number of books. What's the right way to setup this contract and what factors should I keep in mind when drafting such a contract?
Could I sue a bar I went to if I got my jaw broken there due to a lack of security? If I get my jaw broken in a bar due do to lack of security
What is my legal recourse to file a case against someone who has failed to pay a substantial portion of a loan I made to them? What is my legal recourse to file a case against someone who has failed to pay a substantial portion of a loan I made to them in January of 2012? Complete payment was to be made by June. What evidence will I need to pursue payment? The only evidence I am certain I can provide is a copy of the check I wrote and was subsequently cashed by the recipient. All repayments were made in cash and documented. Thanks!
Can moving out of state void joint custody arrangements? We have recently moved to SC
Do we have a cause of action against motel for bedbug bites? My wife and I got bedbugs in a motel in Ft. Myers
How do I adjust my child support payment now that I have proof? The state of New Jersey ordered me to pay child support without proof of my income. I now have proof of some income but they won't reduce it and went off what the mother of my kids said I made
Can I change my 7 year old son's last name without the consent of his biological father?  Can I change my 7 year old son's last name without the consent of his biological father? My son's biological father has not had any contact with my son in 4 years. I did however
Do I need the court's permission to move from one parent to another? If I'm 16
Can a parent obtain child support and custody if that parent has been abusive? I am 17 years old and I live in the state of Texas. My father is trying to get back child support
Is my husband's immgration paper still valid even if the petitioner died?n My father petitioned me together with my husband and three children. However
Can an employment prevent a temporary worker from taking a lunch break? I live in Illinois. I am a temp worker. Can my boss make me work without taking lunch?
How do I get backpay from an employer that is now closed? My ex-boss didn't pay me whole month. I have my checks for what she gave me before. I was working in a bar as a bartender for 4 months. She was suppose to give me a check for my last month
How can we keep Medicaid while ex-wife attemps to sign off on child support? My ex-wife is attempting to sign off on child support. I went to court last week (she didn't show because she has NEVER asked for support and doesn't want or need it) and the judge sent her papers requesting her to sign off which was their idea
Is a lease considered binding if it is illegally zoned apartment? I just discovered the apartment I'm leasing is in a single-family zoned home. The breaker box for the entire house is in my downstairs
Is a divorce valid if the spouses did not sign the section acknowledging the nature of the action even though the judged signed off on it? I filed for divorce in Mississippi. My husband and I did not sign the section stating we understood. We did not appear in court. The judge signed off on the divorce. It was uncontested. Are we divorced since all of it was not signed by us and notarized?
Question about a sales manager regarding sexual harassment and lying about my contract? My sales manager has tried to force me from getting out of a vehicle with him and trying to get me to go to his hotel while on a work trip.  He has lied to me and has hit on me on several occasions.  He lied to me about my sales contract trying to get out of giving me my bonus.  Please help.
Is it legal for a landlord to change locks in Indiana?  Is it legal for a landlord to change locks in Indiana? I spoke with the owner of the property about ending our contract
What form do I need to give notice to tenant about not renewing lease? In Massachusetts
Can my landlord evict me because we got into an argument? My landlord is renting me a room with my boyfriend. We didn't sign a lease and been paying her rent
What are my options when my spouse does not support me? My husband and I will be married for 2 years on 12/10/12. I am a US citizen and he is not. He owns his own cleaning business and I am now unemployed. We have not been living together for the past 6 months and he refuses to let me live with him or refuses to help me financially. What are my options?
Can i change my children's last names to mine if their father is absent? I have twins that are 5 and father hasn't seen them since they were 6 months and doesn't pay child support. Can i change their last names to mine?
is any special form of proxy has to be on special meeting of shareholders of coop building? is any special form of proxy has to be on special meeting of shareholders of coop building?We don
Question regarding loan modification with BA? We have been trying to loan modify with BA since 2009 due to lose of job that caused us to be behind only a few month.  Then we started paying our monthly mortgage.  Almost every month we were getting a new FedEx and they needed repeated documents.  Then after complaining to OCC
Question purchasing a salvaged vehicle? I purchased a salvaged vehicle recently.  Vehicle never left the dealer vehicle got flooded due to Hurricane Sandy.  I told dealer I no longer want vehicle
Am I legally obligated to pay child support arrears After I was granted sole custody of my son? Am I legally obligated to pay child support arrears After I was granted sole custody of my son and his mother has no visitation rights?
What is the typical sentence for first time child support offenders in Indiana? what is the typical sentence for first time child support offenders in Indiana? It's only being 6000.00 behind but currently having a job.
what is the legal age in Louisiana to move out? what is the legal age in Louisiana to move out?
Is there a way to individually or as a group of homeowners
Can I send back my nephew if he's a green card holder and is behaving badly? My nephew came in the U.S. 4 months ago and he is a green card holder. Can i send him back cause he's behaving very badly? With is wife and his wife is us citizen.
Can international students studying in US redeem gift cards for the points earned for in online surveys? Can international students studying in US redeem gifts/gift cards for the points earned for participating in online games/surveys/helping service? How do we differentiate it from their part time job rules?
Are underglow LED lights illegal in Oklahoma? Are underglow LED lights illegal in Oklahoma?
What steps should I take now if The court denied me when I was in the residence but I stay in this country? I Applied for residence through my daughter with special descapasidades. The court denied me. I was in the residence but I stay in this country. What steps should I take now?
Question regarding my F1 status expiration when I'm from India? Hi...I am from India and on F1 status. my F1 expires in Dec 2015. I will be graduating in May 2013. Currently i am on my CPT and doing internship. Recently i lost my passport. I applied for a new passport at Indian Embassy
Question regarding owning a home with my sister-in-law and her ex? I own a home with my sister-in-law and her ex-husband.  My name is on the deed owning 50% of the home but it is not on the mortgage loan.  My sister-in-law and I are trying to get a loan mod but need the ex-husband to sign off on one form and he is refusing.  Do I have any rights?  Her divorce decree states that she has 7 years to refinance and pay him off $15
If I'm 18 years old and still in high school
Is it true that Alabama labor law doesn't require employers to give breaks? Is it true that Alabama labor law doesn't require employers to give breaks?
what can i do if the defendant avoided a Revised Payment Order? what can i do if the defendant avoided a Revised Payment Order?
Can a mortgage company sue or foreclose on someone who is not on the mortgage but on the deed? Can a mortgage company sue or foreclose on someone who is not on the mortgage but on the deed?
Can i receive unemployment if my employer fires me without notice? Can i receive unemployment if my employer fires me without notice?
Can a person appointed power of attorney be challenged by a family member if POA is not family? can a person appointed power of attorney be challenged by a family member if the POA is not family?
What happens if you are on probation and are arrested for the same crime? What happens if you are on probation and are arrested for the same crime?
Can you sue the city for a broken sidewalk that injures you? Can you sue the city for a broken sidewalk that injures you?
Can a Minor (Mother) get custody of a Minor?  Can a Minor (Mother) get custody of a Minor? Father is 20.
how do i legally have my husband put out of a house that only has my name on the lease?  how do i legally have my husband put out of a house that only has my name on the lease? Does this require legal assistance?
Can a non us citizen divorce non us citizen by mail in case of domestic violence in IL? Can a non us citizen divorce non us citizen by mail in case of domestic violence in IL?
What does asp mean in law terms? What does asp mean in law terms?
How long do i have to pull out of deal after i pay for the property cause property is too damaged? How long do i have to pull out of deal after i pay for the property cause property is too damaged?
What was the antitrust claims that the United States had against Microsoft Corporation and the outcome? What was the antitrust claims that the United States had against Microsoft Corporation and the outcome?
 I need to know how many breaks work if i work 6 hours & can they make me take a break off the clock?
Can a landlord evict you if the place is in foreclosure? Can a landlord evict you if the place is in foreclosure?
Can a family member of the deceased sue a company cause they allowed supplier to come & caused cancer? can a family member of the deceased sue ford motor company because they allowed the supplier to come in which caused cancer?
 if you are under the age of 18 and you have a child
Can a 16 year old leave foster care on their own in the state of north Carolina? Can a 16 year old leave foster care on their own in the state of north Carolina?
Can you sue someone for alienation of affection if you're not married? Can you sue someone for alienation of affection if you're not married?
At what age can a child move out or at what age can they decide where they want to live? At what age can a child move out or at what age can they decide where they want to live?
Is a Term Life Insurance policy subject to Medicaid Estate Recovery in the State of New Mexico? Is a Term Life Insurance policy subject to Medicaid Estate Recovery in the State of New Mexico?
 If the law uses the terminology must not
 If I have just got child support papers serviced to not sue if the child is mine?
can someone get credit information from one of your creditors without your permission?? can someone get credit information from one of your creditors without your permission??
If my ex is behind 5000 in child support
Can an employer draft funds from an employees checking account to recoup funds from a draw? Can an employer draft funds from an employees checking account to recoup funds from a draw?
Is it legal to make a full time doorman work 16 hours without lunch or break in between a shift? In New York City is it legal to make a full time doorman work 16 hours without lunch or break in between a shift?
Are there any laws in Honolulu
Can the lessee replace the heat-pump with a new one & remove it and take it with them when they relocate? In a triple-net lease can the lessee replace the heat-pump with a new one and then remove it and take it with them when they relocate?
is there a limit to how much weight a woman is required to lift at work? is there a limit to how much weight a woman is required to lift at work?
is it possible to have old felony conviction removed from my record? is it possible to have old felony conviction removed from my record?
Can my husband get joint custody of son now that it shows he has a stable place to stay? Can my husband get joint custody of son now that it shows he has a stable place to stay? Can he get off child support?
how long can Wyoming hold a suspect that is to be extradited? how long can Wyoming hold a suspect that is to be extradited?
How long in Alabama do you have to file assault charges on a person? How long in Alabama do you have to file assault charges on a person?
How can I charge a bank with criminal conspiracy in dealing with my checks? How can I charge a bank with criminal conspiracy in dealing with my checks
Employer offer me salary
Can a leasing consultant reveal which school district their apartment community is in? Can a leasing consultant reveal which school district their apartment community is in?
If I can no longer afford maintenance fees
Is the impounding of a vehicle in IL for a DUI considered a ticket? Is the impounding of a vehicle in IL for a DUI considered a ticket?
Should I sign a lien to pay an outside doctor? Should I sign a lien to pay an outside doctor?
What if you were wrongful discharged? What if you were wrongful discharged?
what is the percentage or the fee charged on a cash property sale for the seller? what is the percentage or the fee charged on a cash property sale for the seller?
How old do you have to be to move out of your parent's house without their consent? How old do you have to be to move out of your parent's house without their consent in the state of Missouri?
What is the statute of limitation on sexual harassment? What is the statute of limitation on sexual harassment?
Statute of limitations for wrongful termination due to a workers comp case with bad union representation? What is statute of limitations for wrongful termination due to a workers comp case with bad union representation in Illinois?
What if a owner of the apartment breaks the lease do he have to pay me if my lease not up? What if a owner of the apartment breaks the lease do he have to pay me if my lease not up?
If I can no longer pay the lot rent
How old does a child have to be in the state of Missouri to say which parent they want to live with? How old does a child have to be in the state of Missouri to say which parent they want to live with?
Where can you get married at the age of 17 with a baby without parental consent? Where can you get married at the age of 17 with a baby without parental consent?
Can I get back child support from my dad if I'm 21? I am 21 and I was wondering if I could get back child support from my dad? I live in Oklahoma and need help going about getting the child support he owes me.
What is the difference between surrendering or vacating a premises?  What is the difference between surrendering or vacating a premises? Is one better than the other or less severe on your credit history?
 How long does prosecution have to arraign someone after they've been indicted?
After being laid off can an employer refuse to mail you your last check? After being laid off can an employer refuse to mail you your last check
Which law enforcement agency do I go to file a consumer protection act report against?  Which law enforcement agency do I go to file a consumer protection act report against?
What is an order of eviction form? What is an order of eviction form?
How do I petition a court to move a minor child? How do I petition a court to move a minor child? Custody has been established.
 Once an estate has been probated and unclaimed assets have later been discovered
What form would I use to buy my ex out of a court order to my retirement by giving her a lump sum? Hello
Could you be put on 6 month probationary for absenteeism and you have a doctor excuse? in one year I missed a total of 9 days. Could you be put on 6 month probationary for absenteeism and you have a doctor excuse?
If I work for Seneca County & I need to have surgery on my hand
Can my company keep me on call 24 hours a day 7 days a week?  Can my company keep me on call 24 hours a day 7 days a week? This has been happening for the last 4 years?
If I have to go to court but I live in another state how do I get another date to go to court? If I have to go to court but I live in another state how do I get another date to go to court?
How long do you have in New York City to change your mind on adoption? How long do you have in New York City to change your mind on adoption?
Can I be evicted with a newborn baby out of my apartment in 48 hours? Can I be evicted with a newborn baby out of my apartment in 48 hours?
Apply for benefits if your company makes you switch from hourly wage to a commission only base salary? If your company makes you switch from hourly wage to a commission only base salary
Could I sue or get my apartment back if I was evicted for no reason? Could I sue or get my apartment back if I was evicted for no reason?
What is max percent they can take of your income in Louisiana?  What is max percent they can take of your income in Louisiana? And can they base it on overtime if your not promise overtime?
Can two renters of one apartment each have their own lease in the same apartment? Can two renters of one apartment each have their own lease in the same apartment?
Do you have to live in separate households to be legally separated? Do you have to live in separate households to be legally separated?
Do I have to pay child support if my child is in the arm services? Do I have to pay child support if my child is in the arm services?
What would you call discrimination? What would you call discrimination?
Can the city of Chicago follow me without my knowledge for residency? Can the city of Chicago follow me without my knowledge for residency?
 Are there any laws that would protect me in my work place
Is it legal in Florida to sell a vehicle without a title? Is it legal in Florida to sell a vehicle without a title?
Is there a way you can throw away a case of domestic violence if you have a justifiable reason? In the state of PA is there a way you can throw away a case of domestic violence if you have a justifiable reason?
Can I ask for bank statements as proof of income for an apartment complex? Can I ask for bank statements as proof of income for an apartment complex?
What is a utility patent? What is a utility patent?
 Can i give my mother full child custody & what do I have to to do to give her custody?
Can I get child support if child is 18 but still in high school?  Can I get child support if child is 18 but still in high school?
What are the statue of limitations of non-payment of mileage? What are the statue of limitations of non-payment of mileage? and what is the mileage rate?
When you buy a used car in the state of MS from a dealer can you take it back? When you buy a used car in the state of MS from a dealer can you take it back?
how long does it take to get this divorce? how long does it take to get this divorce?
Can i make a small claim in small claims court against a car dealer in N.J.? can i make a small claim in small claims court against a car dealer in N.J. When i live in dc on a car i purchased there
If I have my children three nights out of the week can I request my child support be changed? If I have my children three nights out of the week can I request my child support be changed? Or if its four nights out of the week?
 how long can employer withhold your check in the state of Illinois?
Can I legally move out if I'm 16 and both my parents are incarcerated and I'm living with my uncle? both of my parents are incarcerated. I am 16 and living with my aunt and uncle right now. I want to move out. Can I legally?
What happens if your son is 19 and out of high school and you're still paying child support for him? What happens if your son is 19 and out of high school and you're still paying child support for him?
how can i settle my workers comp fines without too much financial hardship? how can i settle my workers comp fines without too much financial hardship?
If mother has left state for over a year and wishes to see child
Question living in a house before we married and now getting a divorce? I live in Missouri and had the house before we married
Can my ex's right be taken away if he has not seen his twins in 7 or 8 years? Can my ex's right be taken away if he has not seen his twins in 7 or 8 years?
What are the laws on doing a fundraiser for my school?  what are the laws on doing a fundraiser for my school? I want to put on a turkey ham dinner but i don't know what the food laws are for fundraising can you help me?
Is there a set fee for an Executor of a Will? Is there a set fee for an Executor of a Will?
Can I get back child support on my father even though I just turned 19 this month?  Can I get back child support on my father even though I just turned 19 this month?
Can an owner that is still paying on a contract for deed sell it to someone else on contract for deed? Can an owner that is still paying on a contract for deed sell it to someone else on contract for deed?
In Missouri
What can I do legally if I was served foreclosure notice on my home & my tenant did not pay me rent? What can I do legally if I was served foreclosure notice on my home & my tenant did not pay me rent?
To find out what I pay in child support do they go off my base pay or do they add base pay plus overtime? To find out what I pay in child support do they go off my base pay or do they add base pay plus all my overtime and bonus in?
Can a GAL depose the parties in a custody case? Can a GAL depose the parties in a custody case?
When is a teacher in the state of TN not protected under the Tort Act? When is a teacher in the state of TN not protected under the Tort Act?
 If I already have an open case with the court for child support
if a child does not go to school  and you're on child support what to do? if a child does not go to school  and you're on child support what to do?
Can I sue my employer if they retaliate against me because I filed a grievance? Can I sue my employer if they retaliate against me because I filed a grievance?
Do both people have to sign legal documents to officially get a divorce? Do both people have to sign legal documents to officially get a divorce?
Is it possible to sue the government for lost livelihood? Is it possible to sue the government for lost livelihood?
What rights do grandparents have when their son-in-law abandons his family? What rights do grandparents have when their son-in-law abandons his family and now they are with us trying to clean up a mess that he helped create?
Anything I can legally do if i have a house & filed bankruptcy on and the bank refuses to foreclose on it? i have a house in Louisville
Can the cosigner of a leased vehicle break the lease without the original signers signatures? In the state of Utah can the cosigner of a leased vehicle break the lease without the original signers signatures?
What is my right that at work the supervisors does reverse discrimination? What is my right that at work the supervisors does reverse discrimination?
What should I do if the landlord abandoned his property without telling anyone? What should I do if the landlord abandoned his property without telling anyone and hasn't been seen in 7 months?
Is a Stepdaughter a relative to the stepfather? Is a Stepdaughter a relative to the stepfather?
Can you record a person and them not knowing and use it in court in PA? Can you record a person and them not knowing and use it in court in PA?
how do i file an adverse possession on a property in Tennessee? how do i file an adverse possession on a property in Tennessee?
Why do I still need to pay for a property I declared on my Chapter 7 a year ago? Why do I still need to pay for a property I declared on my Chapter 7 a year ago?
If the mother has not made a move to take full custody
Question regarding my late son's will that isn't probated? My son died and left a will but it isn't probated.He left me to take care of his affairs as stated in his will.He has an account where he left money for my grandchild but I cannot get to it since the will wasn't probated. what can I do?
If I want to refinance to buy out my husband for our house would I need a real estate attorney? If I want to refinance to buy out my husband for our house would I need a real estate attorney?
If my husband's grandma is a divorce lawyer is that something to worry about when filing for a divorce? If my husband's grandma is a divorce lawyer is that something to worry about when considering filing for a divorce?
Is a police officer allowed to threaten someone with a warrant in order to badger a suspect in a case? Is a police officer allowed to threaten someone with a warrant in order to badger a suspect in a case
How long will a noncontested divorce take in the state of SD? How long will a noncontested divorce take in the state of SD?
if i got fired for failing my drug test for weed and so did my coworker but he didn't is that discrimination? if i got fired for failing my drug test for weed and so did my coworker but he didn't is that discrimination?
What age is a child old enough to be moved out-of-state by the custodial parent? In Ky at what age is a child old enough to be moved out-of-state by the custodial parent without the non-custodial parent preventing it?
Can an employer pay waitress pay after closing time?  Can an employer pay waitress pay after closing time? To deck scrub the entire restaurant and work us so hard that every muscle hurts and we are sweating thru our clothing?
 How can i get a visa visit for my mother-in-law?
How can you block the sale of property in Oregon? How can you block the sale of property in Oregon?
Can my Child Support be lowered if I'm unable to support my new family now? I pay Child Support to my ex but now I have another kid with someone else. Can my Child Support be lowered if I'm unable to support my new family now?
Can I put my boyfriend on child support even though we live together? Can I put my boyfriend on child support even though we live together?
is it unlawful to open carry a loaded handgun in Virgina? is it unlawful to open carry a loaded handgun in Virgina?
Can a parent be forced to move from their home into a retirement community against their will? Regarding elder law - can a parent be forced to move from their home into a retirement community against their will? She has designated a power of attorney
How Much Jail Time For Domestic Violence Charge?  How Much Jail Time For Domestic Violence Charge? For a Class D felony?
How old does a child have to be when they have to be to make up their mind to move to the other parent? How old does a child have to be when he are she has to be to make up there mind when they want to move to the other parent?
Can a family member adopt your child without you being there? Can a family member adopt your child without you being there?
If I'm being sued for damages from assault and battery but I can't afford a lawyer
What does it mean if parents filed a police report against me but they're not pressing charges? My parents filed a police report against me but they're not pressing charges. What does that mean?
Do you need a lawyer to petition for power of attorney of my father? Do you need a lawyer to petition for power of attorney of my father?
Can cashing an estate check affect me when it was made out to my name only? Can cashing an estate check affect me when it was made out to my name only?
Can i appeal a probate courts ruling on widows yr support as i was not present on court date? Can i appeal a probate courts ruling on widows yr support  as i was not present on court date & don't agree?
Can a retail company cut your hours and or fire you for the customers not getting a card through them? Can a retail company cut your hours and or fire you for the customers not getting an credit card through them?
Would it be legal for an employer to be rude to an employee? Would it be legal for an employer to be rude to an employee?
Does the state of Alabama recognize tenancy by the entirety?  Does the state of Alabama recognize tenancy by the entirety?  Trying to default on a 37
Help for legal rule for dismissing public defender in New Mexico? I need the Legal Rule for dismissing public defender in state of New Mexico. Please!
Can you get your real estate license if you have a B Misdemeanor from 14 yrs ago for domestic battery? Can you get your real estate license if you have a B Misdemeanor from 14 yrs ago for domestic battery?
Can a general practice doctor prescribe you gedon an buspirone for 2 years and never refer to a psychiatrist? Can a general practice doctor prescribe you gedon an buspirone for 2 years and never refer you to a psychiatrist. ( Its more to this story)
Laws against exhuming dogs remains from pet cemetery? Laws against exhuming dogs remains from pet cemetery.  Can I exhume what remains there are of my two dogs from a pet cemetery.  The pet cemetery was sold however the people who bought it want yearly fees never asked before and I also have not been able to contact them for the past few months.  I want to exhume what remains there are and bring them home to be buried here.  Can I do this and what do I need to do to do this?
What can I do if I'm a waitress in Indiana and I'm sure my employer has scammed me on my pay/hours? I'm a waitress in Indiana and I'm sure my employer has scammed me on my pay/hours. What can I do?
Do I have any recourse from a plant next door producing smoke that blows onto my property? Do I have any recourse from a plant next door producing smoke that blows onto my property?
What age a child has to be to decide whom he wants to live with in the state of NH? i would like to know what age a child has to be to decide whom he wants to live with in the state of NH?
Can you charge service charges on a service charge? Can you charge service charges on a service charge?
if someone forged a work of art and sold it as an original
 Is it illegal to donate expired medication to patients?
 How long do I have to recover real property after my ex did a fraudulent quiet title in Oregon?
Can my wife take my kids and run off with no means of taking care of them? Can my wife take my kids and run off with no means of taking care of them?
Obtain a CCW permit in PA if i have a misdemeanor charge for possession of a controlled substance? Can i obtain a CCW permit in PA if i have a misdemeanor charge for possession of a controlled substance?
What constitutes age discrimination? What constitutes age discrimination?
Legal to tell an employee that they have to work the next day if they weren't on the schedule? Is it legal for an employer to tell an employee that they have to work the next day if they weren't on the schedule?
Can I file a civil suit in NC if I find out information after the divorce that is negative? Can I file a civil suit in NC if I find out information after the divorce that is negative and would have played a major role in my decision to marry the person?
Is there a law against part-time employees working full time hours? Is there a law against part-time employees working full time hours?
If my lawyer is appealing my case can they still put me in jail in court tomorrow? If my lawyer is appealing my case can they still put me in jail in court tomorrow?
What to do if I bought land from tax sell and they say it got an IRS lien on it? What to do if I bought land from tax sell and they say it got an IRS lien on it?
What to do if I'm in an uncontested divorce with no children no property claim & separated for 10 years? What to do if I'm in an uncontested divorce with no children no property to claim & been separated for 10 years?
 Is it against the law to rent out apartments made in 1961 without rebuilding anything?
If I go to court for child support and the dad has no job will I still get child support? If I go to court for child support and the dad has no job will I still get child support?
Who all attends the scene of an accident? Who all attends the scene of an accident?
do you need a license to sell puppies in Vermont? do you need a license to sell puppies in Vermont?
Is there anything i can do when a state of Maine worker yells at me? Is there anything i can do when a state of Maine worker yells at me?
Possible to see what is in a case arraigned against me?  is it possible to see what is in a case arraigned against me? The info
If my son gives POA to his aunt (while he is incarcerated)
What is the law on how close you can plant a tree on the property line? What is the law on how close you can plant a tree on the property line?
Can a landlord keep my personal property in lieu of back rent? Can a landlord keep my personal property in lieu of back rent?
What to do if I have mice in my apartment and the landlord has not really did anything? What to do if I have mice in my apartment and the landlord has not really did anything?
what is the highest in child support you can get on 3 children In PG Maryland? what is the highest in child support you can get on 3 children In PG Maryland?
If I own property in New York can I live in my RV year round if I have water and septic on the land? If I own property in New York can I live in my RV year round if I have water and septic on the land?
If you work a 40hr week Monday through Friday could the company force you to work 12hrs  each on the weekend?  If you work a 40hr week Monday through Friday could the company force you to work Saturday 12hrs Sunday 12hrs?
if I'm in jail who pays for the bankruptcy lawyer? if I'm in jail who pays for the bankruptcy lawyer?
In middle of purchase agreement closing 8-2013
Recourse regarding negligence on the part of the insurance company handling my workers comp case?  Do I have any legal recourse regarding negligence on the part of the insurance company handling my workers comp case?  I believe their constant denying of requests and delays had direct effect on my injury becoming worse and requiring surgery.  Had they listened and approved requests without weeks of delay
Can my wife force me to leave our home? Can my wife force me to leave our home?
What do I do if I've been ordered to pay child support but I have never been determined as the father? What do I do if I've been ordered to pay child support but I have never been determined as the father of the children?
If my home is in foreclosure and it will be sent to the sheriff's sale how do I get notified? If my home is in foreclosure and it will be sent to the sheriff's sale how do I get notified when that is going to happen?
Can I take Toyota to court now if I bought a Camry 2011 from Toyota which I believe is defective? I bought a Camry 2011 from Toyota which I believe is defective. Can I take Toyota to court now?RE..
How do I collect on a legal promissory note that was signed in New York?  How do I collect on a promissory note that was signed in New York? That person now lives in another state
Is it in my legal rights to drop my husband from my health insurance during open enrollment at my work? Is it in my legal rights to drop my husband (we're separated 1 1/2 years) from my health insurance during open enrollment at my company? I understand if I do he will not be eligible for cobra insurance.
If I'm not married to my children's father can I move over state lines without permission? If I'm not married to my children's father can I move over state lines without permission?
With preliminary hearing results in PA
What would be a standard fee to charge for executor of a will in State of Texas? What would be a standard fee to charge for executor of a will in State of Texas?
How to fight if my ex-landlord wants to keep my deposit for a new kitchen floor that doesn't replaced? My ex-landlord wants to keep my security deposit of $650 for a new kitchen floor that absolutely does not need to be replaced. What do I need to do to fight this?
if I'm on welfare & my son and I got left an inheritance for $5
Can the diversion program be offered to someone that has more than one charges against them? Can the diversion program be offered to someone that has more than one charges against them?
If you get married & your spouse was not divorced to prior wife
What is the primary focus of the bureaucratic style of prison management? What is the primary focus of the bureaucratic style of prison management?
Does NV have a non-compliance law and where can I find documentation of it? I am refinancing my property in Nevada.This property is in a family trust now.My escrow has submitted documents to proceed and fund refinancing.The Trustee is not responding in a timely matter
Question regarding putting my two week notice at work? I put in my two week notice at work. After a week
can a company ban someone from a federal and state funded area? can a company ban someone from a federal and state funded area?
What to do if If you are not getting paid the minimum wage at work and you are working 30 hours a week? If you are not getting paid the minimum wage at work and you are working there 30 hours a week and not getting paid for that week at your job what should I do?
Is it legal to charge late/finance fees in Michigan
 Can a change in judge be granted under Indiana Rule 76 (B) MORE THAN ONCE in a divorce case?
What do I do if I was charged with a summary offense but my background says it is an open misdemeanor? I was charged with a summary offense but my background check says it is an open misdemeanor. What do I do?
Can an employer send you home on no work related issues? Can an employer send you home on no work related issues?
What to do if I was arrested for being disabled and he doesn't believe me? i was stopped by isp Jeff Jayne. He arrested me for being disabled
Legal for a company to refuse to hire a person who has been unemployed for several years? Is it legal for a company to refuse to hire a person who has been unemployed for several years?
Can a pawnshop demand all three months interstate to keep item in pawn for the remainder of the loan? In state of NC can a pawnshop demand all three months interstate in a ninety day loan in order to keep item in pawn for the remainder of the loan and pick up your item?
How do I sue someone for info about my birth certificate when the person will not give up any info? How do I sue someone for information about my birth certificate when the person will not give up any information?
What's the legal process to plead to the judge to terminate my ex-husband's parental rights? What's the legal process to plead to the judge in Palm Beach County
Can my employer not allow me to come back to work until i sign a write up? Can my employer not allow me to come back to work until i sign a write up?
Does a company truck driver have the right to see a rated freight bill as owner operators do? Does a company truck driver who is paid a percentage of the gross revenue of the load have the right to see a rated freight bill as owner operators do?
What to do if I was falsely arrested for domestic violence and charge was changed to interfere with gov operations? What to do if I was falsely arrested for domestic violence and charge was changed to interfere with gov operations?
What can I do to either keep the father out of the babies' life or have supervised visitations? I am six months pregnant
if a house is in probate
Can an employer make it mandatory that you volunteer somewhere at least one day a year? Can an employer make it mandatory that you volunteer somewhere at least one day a year?
Is a stepparent allowed to spank the child even if one of the biological parents is not okay with it? In the state of Georgia is a stepparent allowed to spank the child even if one of the biological parents is not ok with it?
Illegal for a teacher to discuss a student's personal info with anyone other that the parent? Is it illegal for a teacher to discuss a students personal information with anyone other that the parent or guardian through email pr public discussion? This discussion included a untruthful information.
Are there any laws on termination on a temp employee in Atlanta
 How can you get a judge to grant you a hardship for your bail?
Is there a law that says you can not work alone at gas station after a certain hour
What are the statues of limitation on probation violation?  What are the statues of limitation on probation violation? And can you be tried for a trial by jury and be violated for probation at the same time? What is the percentage to be served on an enhancement act?
How can I put my ex wife in contempt of court for lying to the courts? How can I put my ex wife in contempt of court for lying to the courts?
What is the quickest and cheapest way at this point to dissolve our marriage if we separated 8 years ago? My husband and i have been separated for 8 yrs. what is the quickest and cheapest way at this point to dissolve our marriage?
How do you sue for right to your photo? How do you sue for right to your photo?
Can a bank charge off your mortgage loan while you are protected under chapter 13 bankruptcy? Can a bank charge off your mortgage loan while you are protected under chapter 13 bankruptcy?
If my landlord wants to raise my rent & I can't afford it
Is it possible to drop a restraining order issued by NY supreme court? Is it possible to drop a restraining order issued by NY supreme court?
if someone purposely hits your moving vehicle with theirs
How can I get a car out of impound if it was not mine? How can I get a car out of impound if it was not mine?
How old does a child have to be to choose which parent they want to live with in Wisconsin? How old does a child have to be to choose which parent they want to live with in Wisconsin?
How can a house be sold when it is still in probate county records say the house can not be sold? how can a house be sold when it is still in probate county records say the house can not be sold?
Can you get a bond if you owe child support in the state of Virginia? Can you get a bond if you owe child support in the state of Virginia?
How old do you have to be to live on your own without a parent in the state of New Mexico? How old do you have to be to live on your own with out a parent in the state of New Mexico?
If my husband just got let go from work
What is my next step after meeting with my son's teacher due to his recent bullying incident? What is my next step after meeting with my son's teacher due to his recent bullying incident?
Do school districts in Idaho have to get bids for contract services such as speech therapy or therapy? Do school districts in Idaho have to get bids for contract services such as speech therapy or therapy?
Can I sue Zynga for not having a warning label saying highly addictive? can i sue zynga for not having a warning label saying highly addictive?
Can regular education students participate in resource room groups? Can regular education students participate in resource room groups?
 how long after divorce in Illinois can you remarry?
Why cant I get my husband's original will from my lawyer's office?  Why cant I get my husband's original will from my lawyer's office? He has Alzheimer's and I have his POA.
can i file legal guardianship papers through the courts for my mother and myself? can i file legal guardianship papers through the courts for my mother and myself?
Any law against starting a child/teen help center run out of my home? I just want to know if there is any law against starting a child/teen help center run out of my home?
If I'm illegal can I get deported for child support? If I'm illegal can I get deported for child support?
If I am now on unemployment insurance
Is it legal to rent a house to a tenant without a working heat source? Is it legal to rent a house to a tenant without a working heat source? My daughter rented a trailer in Georgia without any heat source. Someone stole the unit. Landlord states its not his problem
If a landlord is not paying their mortgage
Can an employer demand an employee give out their personal phone number to other employees? Can an employer demand an employee give out their personal phone number to other employees?
If a child is born out of wedlock but mom puts the fathers name on certificate
 Does a person have the right to get an attorney at the last min. right before the trail date?
Can we be denied if my lifelong friend and I want to rent apartment together but she's pregnant? Can we be denied if my lifelong friend and I want to rent apartment together but she's pregnant?
How hard will it be to sue the Michigan National Guard Bureau for back pay for an injury I received in Iraq? How hard will it be to sue the Michigan National Guard Bureau for back pay that they owe me for an injury that I received in Iraq?
Does California anti-slapp apply to a civil rights complaint? Does California anti-slapp apply to a civil rights complaint?
What are the procedures to go about signing parental rights? what are the procedures to go about signing parental rights?
what can happen if i have a car title pawn and cut the car up and take it to scrapyard? what can happen if i have a car title pawn and cut the car up and take it to scrapyard?
Can an employer force you on FMLA if you do not want it yet? Can an employer force you on FMLA if you do not want it yet?
Is there a law in the state of Georgia that allows one have driver's license to earn money? Is there a law in the state of Georgia that allows one have driver's license to earn money?
Can you sue a company you worked for for unpaid labor
How can i get information off of my criminal background that does not belong to me? How can i get information off of my criminal background that does not belong to me?
What is the time limit a tenant can have after being evicted: 30 days
Am I required to pay minimum wages to part-time temporary or seasonal workers?  Regarding employment in IL
If I was made to move over 50lb of my things
Am I entitled to receive my deposit even though I terminated my lease early due to job relocation? Am I entitled to receive my security deposit even though I had to terminate my lease early due to job relocation out of state? I was unemployed at the time (though still paying for my rent) landlord was aware of situation.
What do I do to make a testament? What do I to make a testament?
is there a time limit on how long a person has to serve a summons to other parent for an order? I need to know if there is a time limit on how long a person has to serve a summons to other parent for an order to show cause child custody? Can it become expired if not in time for CA?
How long of a notice does the realty company have to give me before people look at the house? I'm renting a house and my landlords are selling it thru a reality company and i need to know how long of a notice does the reality company have to give me before people look at the house?
Can a hospital social worker make you go to a nursing home because of what kind of insurance you have? Can a hospital social worker make you go to a nursing home because of what kind of insurance you have Even if the guardian don't want that person to go so far away? Can the patient do therapy at the hospital from a injury of a aneurysm
If the tenants comes up w/the monies owed & pays me
How does a tax sale work and how long afterword must the premise be vacated? How does a tax sale work and how long afterword must the premise be vacated?
Can I be written up at my job in Illinois when I was on a fire call for my local volunteer fire department?  Can I be written up at my job in Illinois when I was on a fire call for my local volunteer fire department?
Does a parent have to be responsible to pay an adult child's co-pay on the parents insurance policy? Does a parent have to be responsible to pay an adult child's co-pay on the parents insurance policy?
When you go out of work on disability is there a time limit for your job to file your paper work? When you go out of work on disability is there a time limit for your job to file your paper work because i have been waiting for over a month?
 If i get evicted how long will they take to kick me out?
How do I add my son to my mortgage? How do I add my son to my mortgage?
Am I allowed to refuse my daughter's father visitation if he don't prove to me he has heat in his home?  Am I allowed to refuse my daughter's father visitation if he don't prove to me he has heat in his home? If he is court ordered to have heat in the home through visitation orders.
Would like to change my title and deed on my property? I would like to change my title and deed on my property.  I have my great granddaughters & they are currently listed as well as myself as a life estate on the title and deed. What do I need to do?
if i have been physically abused during 31 years of marriage can i get compensation when i get divorced? if i have been physically
If a married couple wants to divide up their real estate property should they do quitclaim deeds? If a married couple wants to divide up their real estate property which is in both their names
Discrimination when the school board believe you are gang related cause of a rosemary as clothing? is it discrimination when the school board says they believe you are gang related because you are wearing a rosemary on the out side of your shirt?
Do I have to let my kids go with their dad when he doesn't have a drivers license & wont say residence? Do I have to let my children go with there Dad knowing he does not have a drivers license and wont tell me where he lives??
What forms do I need to file in order to have the father's rights temporarily terminated? What type of forms or document do i need to file or fill out in order to have the fathers rights temporarily terminated with specific stipulations on getting them back?
Is a will made before divorce void when I have since remarried? Is a will made before divorce void when I have since remarried?
How does my Mom regain control of her funds & assets if her former POA refuses to return them to her? How does my Mom regain control of her funds and assets
Can your employer deny a request for a day off for a doctor's appt? Can your employer deny a request for a day off for a doctor's appt?
With probation and parole monthly fees are they owed if you were revoked and sat your whole sentence? With probation and parole monthly fees are they owed if you were revoked and sat your whole sentence?
What can i do if the father does not pay anything on his court order case? What can i do if the father does not pay anything on his court order case?
Is there anyway I can do to move out without my parents' consent?  Hello
Legal if my boss is trying to make it where we only get one 10 min break per every 8 hour shift? my boss is trying to make it where we only get one 10 min break per every 8 hour shift.  Is the legal?
What am I entitled to after my dog was attacked and killed by the neighbor's dog? What am I entitled to after my dog was attacked and killed by the neighbor's dog?
How many consecutive days can an employer make you work without a day off? How many consecutive days can an employer make you work without a day off?
What to do if I'm being forced by my employer to pay for fingerprinting? What to do if I'm being forced by my employer to pay for fingerprinting?
Can my employer make an employee work 7 straight days?  I live and work in PA and my employer is talking about mandating a 7th day to our work week. Is that legal? can they make an employee work 7 straight days?
Legal for a board member of a condo association to give out info about rental property to none owners? Is it common practice or legal for a board member of a condo association or community to give out info about rental property
Can a landlord put up a for sale/ rent sign while going through an eviction? Can a landlord put up a for sale/ rent sign while going through an eviction?
Are there lawyers out there that will help Veteran with denial claims or help with appeals? Are there lawyers out there that will help Veteran with denial claims or help with appeals?
Can a probate lawyer charge an administration fee after waiving it to accept a referral fee? Can a probate lawyer charge a administration fee after waiving it to accept a referral fee?
What to do if I was served with an eviction notice but I did not receive a 5 day notice? What to do if I was served with an eviction notice form but I did not receive a 5 day notice?
What is the maximum occupancy for one two bedroom apartment? I have a duplex
in Illinois if the bank buys your home back at judicial sale are responsible child support lien? in Illinois if the bank buys your home back at judicial sale are responsible child support lien?
Can my employer require me to take call on random days without compensation unless I have to come in?  I work full time at a hospital . Can my employer require me to take call on random days without compensation unless I have to come in? Can they fire me if I don't answer my phone on my off day ?
Who would I report to if i wish to report online websites that are committing fraud? Who would I report to if i wish to report online websites that are committing fraud?
Can a lawyer do business with a petitioner & then do business with the respondent later in the same case? Can a lawyer do business with a petitioner in a case and then do business with the respondent later in the same case?
How long do you have in new york city to change your mind on adoption? How long do you have in new york city to change your mind on adoption?
Is it required that a notarized will be registered with your local county court? Is it required that a notarized will be registered with your local county court?
Is it required that a notarized will be registered with your local county court? Is it required that a notarized will be registered with your local county court?
Does my name have to be spelled as it is on my birth certificate on a voluntary act of surrender for adoption? Does my name have to be spelled as it is on my birth certificate on a voluntary act of surrender for adoption?
Law that would protect my inheritance to be passed on to my children instead of my spouse? I live in N.C. I inherited property from my parents. I have 2 adult children from a former marriage. I have remarried. The property and home is in my name. Is there a law in N.C. that would protect my inheritance to be passed on to my children instead of my spouse?
 Does my husband have the right to stay in the house after he left with his lover?
Can an employer make you get a flu shot? Can an employer make you get a flu shot?
How long can the State keep someone in a Mental institution four having a nervous breakdown? How long can the State keep someone in a Mental institution four having a nervous breakdown?
Can an employer make you stay pass your shift? Can an employer make you stay pass your shift? I live in Oregon.
What is the statute of limitations for Unlawful Possession of a Firearm in Missouri?  What is the statute of limitations for Unlawful Possession of a Firearm in Missouri?  A Class C Felony
Is it legal in California to monitor an employee all day long by video? is it legal in California to monitor an employee all day long by video?
If I sign over my parental rights do I still have to pay child support in the state of Kentucky? If I sign over my parental rights do I still have to pay child support in the state of Kentucky?
 If I'm getting evicted from an apartment
can a person be evicted from an apartment for their children under five years of age being to noisy? can a person be evicted from an apartment for their children under five years of age being to noisy?
Is there a difference between a peace officer and a peace officer? Is there a difference between a peace officer and a peace officer?
What to do if I want to give back custody? i want to give back custody.
Can an employer in NC. let you go at any time they want? Can an employer in NC. let you go at any time they want?
If i am being harassed and evicted by my spouse what legal options do i have? If i am being harassed and evicted by my spouse what legal options do i have?
if you let someone come stay with you can you just tell them to leave? if you let someone come stay with you can you just tell them to leave?
Can i sue a county for falsely accusing me of sexual assaults toward my children?  Can i sue a county for falsely accusing me of sexual assaults toward my children? the case has been closed with cost is what it says online. also my wife had to sign her rights over to the state and our daughter was taken from us
Can my ex-landlord block me from getting my PA tax rent rebate as I am receiving ssi disability? Can my ex-landlord block me from getting my PA tax rent rebate as I am receiving ssi disability?
What should I do first if I want to divorce my husband and get sole custody of my daughter? I want to divorce my husband and get sole custody of my daughter. What should do first?
Is it legal in the state of Georgia to leave my spouse and take my child with me to an undisclosed location? Is it legal in the state of Georgia to leave my spouse and take my child with me to an undisclosed location? How do I get temporary custody until I can afford an attorney to get sole custody of my child? Can I take my child to an undisclosed location if it is in his best interest until legal action can be taken?
if the father is a suspected illegal alien can he be asked to produce a green card & a W2? In the state of Florida in civil court in a child custody case if the father is a suspected illegal alien can he be asked to produce a I9green card a social security card and a W2?
How does a juvenile warrant work? how does a juvenile warrant work?
What to do if I have been given a  monthly payment plan that is unaffordable to me? I have been given a  monthly payment plan that is unaffordable to me.
Question regarding first time violation of restraining order? I have a court date for first time violation of restraining order. Do you know what I will be charge of and do I need a lawyer with me?
How do you go about getting a divorce while in jail? How do you go about getting a divorce while in jail?
 If a girl turns 18 and is not going to school does child support stop?
If a person is paying for a car that is in another person's name
 Can a person get fired for refusing to enter a store with raw sewage?
What law entitles a home owner to claim $10 per hour for security and maintenance of their own property?  What law entitles a home owner to claim $10 per hour for security and maintenance of their own property? This relates to an owners financial interest in their property.
What is an escrow account and how does it work? What is an escrow account and how does it work?
Do I have a legal case against the hotel if I woke up with bed bugs on myself & child? I recently visited a hotel and woke up with bed bugs on myself and child. Do I have a legal case against the hotel?
Can a person be charged an additional 2 years while they're still serving that sentence for the same charge? If a person has been sentenced to 4 hours probation for flagrant non-support
What is the best way to give someone a small piece of real estate without calling it a gift? What is the best way to give someone a small piece of real estate without calling it a gift or having to pay inheritance or having it effect my right to medicaid/medicare services in the future? I am in my mid seventies.
Can a nursing home deny a patient? Can a nursing home deny a patient?
If you owe child support can you travel to DR? If you owe child support can you travel to DR?
If a parent gives you POA over a child how much right do I have over the parent if they are unstable? If a parent gives you power of attorney over a child how much right do I have over the parent if they are unstable?
 Can an attorney collect fees on money & put into an annuity as we live in Indiana and won a med malpractice suit?
 Where do I go to find papers to file for termination of guardianship?
 Can I sue my abusive husband for the house
Can a judge not follow the Massachusetts child support guidelines? Can a judge not follow the Massachusetts child support guidelines?
When I get a law suit settlement in Philadelphia
whom do I report a violation of my constitutional rights by the Walker County Alabama Sheriff's Dept? To whom do I report a violation of my constitutional rights by the Walker County Alabama Sheriff's Department?
 Is obtaining a prescription or controlled substance a fraud or drug felony?
Do flaws in an AS IS sale have to be pointed out if Auctioneer is aware of them? Do flaws in an AS IS sale have to be pointed out if Auctioneer is aware of them?
What are grounds for insanity for a divorce and does trying to commit suicide count? What are grounds for insanity for a divorce and does trying to commit suicide count?
Can a seller ask for the car back after I started to make payments on it on the fact that she hates me? Can a seller of a car ask for the car back after I started to make payments on the car solely on the fact that she hates me.
What are my rights if I want a refund and is denied before 24 hours pass in NY? What are my rights if I want a refund and is denied before 24 hours pass in NY?
What are my rights to prevent my child from taking his/her father's last name in California? What are my rights to prevent my child from taking his/her father's last name in California?
 What happens when a prosecutor leaves a federal case?
Can a child support case be dropped by the mother after she has filed it? Can a child support case be dropped by the mother after she has filed it?
If you rent a room from a homeowner what must the homeowner provide if there is no lease? If you rent a room from a homeowner what must the homeowner provide if there is no lease & it is month to month?
 Can a mother lose her rights to receive her arrears owned to her?
What is the termination of employment on hear say evidence in Illinois? What is the termination of employment on hear say evidence in Illinois?
If I am 17 years old but my mom has sole custody of me
Does every will have to go through probate? Does every will have to go through probate?
Which is the easiest way to become legal guardian? Which is the easiest way to become legal guardian?
Can a father sign over his legal rights to another man if the mother is not married to the second man?  In the state of Missouri
How do I get my ex to pay his maintenance payments? How do I get my ex to pay his maintenance payments?
What is a case set upon a final plea calender? What is a case set upon a final plea calender?
Can my child support go up if my wages hasn't changed? Can my child support go up if my wages hasn't changed?
How do I get assistance to reinstate a mortgage while in foreclosure process? How do I get assistance to reinstate a mortgage while in foreclosure process when you do not have full reinstatement total a portion?
If there is a judgement against a husband will they take the wife's property as well? If there is a judgement against a husband will they take the wife's property as well???
Do all the legal documents need to become a snack food peddler in CA? Do all the legal documents need to become a snack food peddler in CA?
Can a probate hearing be held in a different county then the person who passed away owned property? Can a probate hearing be held in a different county then the one that the person who passed away owned property?
How to get out of commitment papers? How to get out of commitment papers?
Does a person who is appointed power of attorney have to pay inheritance tax? Does a person who is appointed power of attorney have to pay inheritance tax?
What if the mother leaves the state with my child and we never married? What if the mother leaves the state with my child and we never married?
What are the laws in Wisconsin regarding traveling out of state with children without the fathers consent?  What are the laws in Wisconsin regarding traveling out of state with children without the fathers consent? there is an open custody case and they are divorced but have joint legal custody of the children. The ex-wife is planning a trip from WI to TN and will not give the father details on the trip and the father does not want her to take the kids out of school and go on this trip. please help!!!
What steps do i take to get my warrant for my arrest taken care of and what will be my punishment? i have a warrant out for my arrest. What steps do i take to get this matter taken care of and what will be my punishment?
What options do i have if my lawyer made a serious error in chapter 11 and cost me over 30K? My lawyer made a serious error in a bankruptcy chapter 11 case and cost me over 30 k? what options do i have??
What can happen if I change my 2 daughters' schools without getting their father's okay? What can happen if I change my 2 daughters' schools without getting their father's okay?
Can I fire a lawyer the trust hired without my knowing about it? Can I fire a lawyer the trust hired without my knowing about it?
Do I need said parent to accompany me to file the custody papers in court or can I do this alone? Hi
How do I get a petty theft charge expunged from my record when I have already been sentenced? How do I get a petty theft charge expunged from my record when I have already been sentenced and didn't ask for it at time of sentencing?
If I already have signed a Post Separation Agreement do I have to sign  papers before estate is separated? If I already have signed a Post Separation Agreement do I have to sign divorce papers before material estate is separated?
What do i do if i paid my deposit and the prorated rent  to move into a house that hasn't been fixed yet?  What do i do if i paid my deposit and the prorated rent for the remainder of the month to move into a house that was not fixed and hasn't been fixed yet?
How long is a doctor responsible for any complications after a surgery? How long is a doctor responsible for any complications after a surgery?
If I make a handwritten will does it have to be filed in probate?  If I make a handwritten will does it have to be filed in probate? All I have is a mobile home and a 2001 car.
if someone has POA
If a person has a power of attorney do they still have the right to make their own decisions? if a person has a power of attorney do they still have the right to make their own decisions?
Can a landlord evict you if you are not behind on your rent? Can a landlord evict you if you are not behind on your rent?
How do i get my parental rights restored? How do i get my parental rights restored?
If I've been off parole now for 7 years & haven't been in any trouble when can i have my gun rights back? If I've been off parole now for seven years and haven't been in any other trouble when can i have my gun rights back?
if I asked the bank if an employee looked into my account without asking me can they watch the video? As a customer of a bank if I was to ask the bank if an employee looked into my account without asking me are they able to watch a video of me asking?
What to do if I want to get separated but he won't sign the papers and we have been separated for 4 years? What to do if I want to get separated but he won't sign the papers and we have been separated for 4 years?
How does child visitation work in West Virginia? How does child visitation work in West Virginia?
What to do now if foreclosure is done and we were evicted last week? Foreclosure is done and we were evicted last week. What now?
If I'm interested in purchasing a home & it will be owner finance
What steps should i take after receiving a child support summons on a child I knew nothing about? What steps should i take after receiving a child support summons on a child I knew nothing about?
Are there agencies that are geared to hiring offenders
What should I do if I'm not able to pay full amount for child support and I'm in arrears and I have court? i am not able to pay full amount for child support and i am in arrears and I have to go to court in 3 weeks. What should i do?
How can i determine how much i must pay for child support? How can i determine how much i must pay for child support?
What do we need to do in order to sale the motor if the customer left it at our shop over 4 years ago? A customer left a motor at our shop for over 4 years. What do we need to do in order to sale this motor?
Can I get child support after 27 years if the father has never seen his child? Can I get child support after 27 years if the father has never seen his child?
Do you have to be separated before you get a divorce in North Carolina?  Do you have to be separated before you get a divorce in North Carolina? and how long do you have to be separated before filing for divorce?
If my esthetician/skin care center made my face ten times worse then it was what can I do about it?  If my esthetician/skin care center made my face ten times worse then it was what can I do about it?
is Attempt to obtain a controlled substance by fraud considered a drug felony? is Attempt to obtain a controlled substance by fraud considered a drug felony?
Can an employee receive a cost of living increase while in hospital? Can an employee receive a cost of living increase while in hospital?
If you work 40 hours per week and your job cut your hour to 12 hours  week can i get unemployment? If you work 40 hours per week and your job cut your hour to 12 hours  week can i get unemployment?
Is money received from a lawsuit from an employer considered community property in WI? Is money received from a lawsuit from an employer considered community property in WI?  Thanks
Can I be forced out of my home during a divorce if my husband rented the home before we married? Can I be forced out of my home during a divorce if my husband rented the home before we married?
Can a wife ask for a lawyer to represent her in a divorce proceeding when the husband has a lawyer? Can a wife ask for a lawyer to represent her in a divorce proceeding when the husband has a lawyer
Is my ex required to buy me out and pay half of the market value to me for him to have the house? I am currently going through a divorce. At this time my ex wants to take over the house in his name. We have no equity in the home right now due to the market. Is he required to buy me out and pay half of the market value to me for him to have the house?
Best way to get our money back if our daughter's landlord is not returning her security deposit? York County
If I get married
Question regarding having a court ordered agreement in the state of California? I have a court ordered agreement in the state of California. My sons father is moving to another state. My son primarily lives with me and his stepfather. I want to know if his moving away effects our current order.
Question regarding wanting to evict someone from my home who isn't on the lease? I want to evict someone from my home who isn't on the lease
What can we do if we want to stop child support for our 18-year-old stepson is not enrolled in school? My stepson turn 18 in July
Question regarding living in a park with approximately 100 other families/tenants? I live in a park with approximately 100 other families/tenants. The LLC owner hired a manager from within the park to oversee operation of it. On numerous occasions over the year or so of his position he has verbally accosted us on issues of snow shoveling
What to do if I don't have a lease with my landlord and she wants me out next week? What to do if I don't have a lease with my landlord and she wants me out next week?
Should you retain two lawyers: one for workman's comp and one for labor law violations? Should you retain two lawyers: one for workman's comp and one for labor law violations?
if I bought a house prior to marriage can my wife take it during our divorce as it's only in my name? if I bought a house prior to being married can my wife take it from me during our divorce and only my name is on the house?
What's the Illinois law on parolee's working in hospitality? i was just wondering what the Illinois law is on parolee's working in hospitality?
How do I go about getting joint custody? If My ex boyfriends mom has had custody of my 3 kids for about the past month
Kidnapping if I want to lighten my wife's load? If l am married & want to go on a vacation to see my mother in NC & wanted to take my oldest daughter (whose 1yr & 4 months) w/ me is it kidnapping if l want to lighten my wife's load?
. Can a sale be forced on a piece of land in ct if 2 people own it?.
What can you do if you are falsely accused about taking money and returning it? What can you do if you are falsely accused about taking money and returning it?  Also retaliation from a supervisor concerning job performance and other nit picking things?
Can I file suit against my employer for not taking any action against a coworker for verbally abusing me? Can I file suit against my place of employment for not taking any action whatsoever against a coworker for verbally abusing me and tampering with my vehicle on numerous occasions? I feel threatened everytime he's working and I'm constantly fearful that he will further attempt to damage my car.
Can a landlord refuse to replace a furnace that does not have a filter legally? Can a landlord refuse to replace a furnace that does not have a filter legally?
If a person files for custody of a child and files with the wrong name of the child will they have to refile? If a person files for custody of a child and files with the wrong name of the child will they have to refile?
Can a non custodial parent take a child out of the city without permission from the custodial parent? Can a non custodial parent take a child out of the city without permission from the custodial parent?
Can I be arrested for smoking synthetic marijuana if I'm on probation and in foster care? Can I be arrested for smoking synthetic marijuana if I'm on probation and in foster care?
If back child support is owed from the deceased am i obligated to pay it? I've been named beneficiary to a life insurance policy. If back child support is owed from the deceased am i obligated to pay it? And does the insurance policy have to go through probate court?
What are the reasons a house would be banked owned and in foreclosure? What are the reasons a house would be banked owned and in foreclosure?
how do I re-establish custody of my child? how do I re-establish custody of my child?
If my ex won't sign our papers
What to do if I want to file for divorce and get joint custody of my kids but i live in another state? What to do if I want to file for divorce an get joint custody of my kids but i live in another state?
Will my husband have to give me the $2500 money he gifted to his mother if there was no record? On my husbands CFS he gifted his mother $2500 without my knowledge and there is no record of him giving her this money. Will he have to give me $2500?
Legal to sell a mobile home without a title? In the state of Missouri is it legal to sell a mobile home w/o a title
Do I have to pay child support for an 18-year-old that is still in high school? Do I have to pay child support for an 18-year-old that is still in high school?
Where can I get a short term collateral loan on a 1994 Chrysler Le Baron Convertible? Where can I get a short term collateral loan on a 1994 Chrysler Le Baron Convertible?
In Kentucky how many months serves out a 6-year sentence with good time and work credit?  In Kentucky how many months serves out a 6-year sentence with good time and work credit?
If the person that is in the residence marries
If I'm 17 and I'm engaged to my boyfriend can i move out of my house? If I'm 17 and I'm engaged to my boyfriend can i move out of my house?
What will happen to my friend if he was charged with disorderly conduct & has to pay a fine he can't afford? My friend was charged with disorderly conduct and have to pay a fine by tomorrow but he can't afford it. What will happen to him?
Will the judge demand that you give the gifts back if an ex is taking you to small claims? If an ex-boyfriend is taking you to small claims
Need a lawyer to help with my court appeal? Need a lawyer to help with my court appeal?
Can a third party company sue me for the entire balance of a purchase from an old credit card balance? i had an old credit card balance that was purchased by a third party co and they are now trying to sue for the entire balance. I wanted to know if they can do this?
Can my daughter's father get protective order against my new boyfriend if he is a convicted felon? Can my daughter's father get protective order against my new boyfriend on behalf on his daughter if my new boyfriend is a convicted felon?
What is the procedure for eviction without a current lease agreement? What is the procedure for eviction without a current lease agreement?
If my son fails to pay is my husband responsible for payment of rent even though the last lease expired? my husband cosigned on my sons lease for his apartment.  My son failed to pay his rent
Is there a different process for getting a personal overseas contract? Is there a different process for getting a personal overseas contract? A new roommate is moving into our apartment and we really like her so one of my roommates and I vouched to cosign for her
What to do if I bought a new 2012 Honda Civic yesterday and I am now regretting it? What to do if I bought a new 2012 Honda Civic yesterday and I am now regretting it?
If my year lease is up does it automatically revert to a month to month lease in MN? If my year lease is up does it automatically revert to a month to month lease in MN?
Do I have to list
If two people each have 50% ownership
if you have custody of your kids can they be taken away just because you're gay? if you have custody of your kids can they be taken away just because you're gay?
can I probono a misdemeanor for disturbing the peace in judicial court using subject-matter jurisdiction? can I probono a misdemeanor for disturbing the peace in judicial court
Is my owner responsible for getting the building up to code? Is my owner responsible for getting the building up to code?
Is there a way to protect home from creditors in FL? Is there a way to protect home from creditors in FL?
What am I looking at in jail time if I'm on probation for a year and didn't pay fine or report? What am I looking at in jail time if I'm on probation for a year and didn't pay fine or report?
If someone owns 60% interest do they have the controlling rights to sell the land? In the state of Texas if someone owns 60% interest do they have the controlling rights to sell the land or do what they want to with it? Where does someone stand if they own the other 40% interest?50% of this property is in a trust.Thanks
Can a 23-year-old marine  be dating/marrying a 17-year-old? Can a 23-year-old marine  be dating/marry a 17-year-old?
If I'm 18 and she is 16 and consents to sexual activity is it legal in the state of California? If I'm 18 and she is 16 and consents to sexual activity is it legal in the state of California?
What is the statute of limitation for hostile work place? What is the statute of limitation for hostile work place?
How to get a power of attorney over someone if they didn't give permission? How to get a power of attorney over someone if they didn't give permission?
When an electric company damages my property do i have any recourse to get them to fix the damage? When an electric company damages my property do i have any recourse to get them to fix the damage?
Can you be fired for taking time off of work on FMLA?  Can you be fired for taking time off of work on FMLA? My husband was recently fired from his job. He had an incident earlier in the year that he was put on probation for at work
 Do I have to let my 6-month-old go to and stay every other weekend with his dad?
 If a mother gave up a child can she take child after adoptive mother has passed away?
Legal if two people
Is there going to be inmates released in KY because of overcrowding? Is there going to be inmates released in KY because of overcrowding?
If I'm a 15 year old and I am an atheist
How can I achieve A legal separation without incurring A fee? I am leaving my husband but can 't Afford a divorce.  How can I achieve A legal separation without incurring A fee?
Is it legal for my manager to cut my hours in order to get me to quit? Is it legal for my manager to cut my hours in order to get me to quit?
Can a renter change the locks on doors? Can a renter change the locks on doors?
Can you Sue a company for unpaid wages?  Can you Sue a company for unpaid wages? They tell you when  you start and when you get a raise every ninety day. I've been there a year and haven't gotten the first raise. He keeps saying you are going to get it.
Who can enter home if my Co-trustees are fighting over home left in trust by now deceased mother? Co-trustees fighting over home left in trust by now deceased mother. Who can enter home?
Question regarding a widow claiming years of support? If a GA widow receives twice the amount of her SSI from the deceased SSI plus his life insurance
Question regarding my ex leaving the state with my child without my consent? My ex-wife left the state with my child without my consent. Is that legal for her to do? Also she refuses to let me talk to her on the phone and will not provide me where she is living.  I have not spoken to my girl in over one month.
Question regarding my landlord giving another tenant my person renter's info on my income? My landlord gave another tenant my personal renters information on troubles I've had with income. What are my renting terms and other discussions about my apartment. is this legal?
Can a tow truck driver detain a driver from leaving if the vehicle is not hooked up to the truck? Can a tow truck driver detain a driver from leaving if the vehicle is not hooked up to the truck?
Can my landlord move me into another apt. at my expense to make repairs? Can my landlord move me into another apt. at my expense to make repairs?
 Are Georgia employment agreements good?
 How do I file temporary custody of a child?
How can I repo if I sold my motor home and they won't pay for it and I have the title? Private transaction
Can a law firm have your license suspended if you didn't make an payment on an accident? Can an law firm have your license suspended if you didn't make an payment on an accident you been sued for but either of the parties got an ticket?
If i write a letter and have witnesses sign it and send it to myself and don't open it is it trademarked? If i write a letter and have witnesses sign it and send it to myself and don't open it is it trademarked?
Legal to Rescind acknowledgement of paternity in Virginia? Rescind acknowledgement of paternity in Virginia?
If I get sentenced for a probation violation do I go to jail immediately or do I get a sentencing date? If I get sentenced for a probation violation do I go to jail immediately or do I get a sentencing date?
Can you divorce an estranged spouse with minor children involved? Can you divorce an estranged spouse with minor children involved?
What is the law in ny state regarding using an air pistol? what is the law in ny state regarding using an air pistol?
What is Statute 103-337? What is Statute 103-337?
In Illinois if a father is not on child's birth certificate does he have rights?  In Illinois if a father is not on child's birth certificate does he have rights?
Should I worry about my future monthly rental payments if renter is filing bankruptcy? I am a landlord and my renter is filing Chapter 7 bankruptcy. Should I be worried about my future monthly rental payments?
How long does an absent parent have to be absent in their child live before parental rights can be severed? how long does an absent parent have to be absent in their child live before parental rights can be severed with their consent?
Under FL law is a non-married 17-year-old with a 2-year-old considered emancipated? Under FL law is a non-married 17-year-old with a 2-year-old considered emancipated?
How do I handle a neighbor that has a dead tree that is about to fall into my yard?  How do I handle a neighbor that has a dead tree that is about to fall into my yard?  The tree is large and will destroy the fence and damage my garage.
How many months do I have in a contested divorce after it has started before a pretrial and trail? How many months do I have in a contested divorce after it has started before a pretrial and trail? Can it be avoided?
Can a private citizen post a public notice about another citizen? Can a private citizen post a public notice about another citizen?
By law how much time do i have to move out after my lease is up? By law how much time do i have to move out after my lease is up?
Can a rental company disclose any info to parties not in the contract without the renter's permission?  Can a rental company disclose any information to party's not in the contract without the renter's permission?
What to do if my privacy at my doctor's office by his nurse was discussed with people in the public? What to do if my privacy at my doctor's office by his nurse was discussed with people in the public?
What are the parameters of a guardian and responsibilities in the state of Colorado? What are the parameters of a guardian and responsibilities in the state of Colorado and at what point can they be considered overstepping their responsibilities?
Can I
If I live in TX but I'm married in FL can I get divorced without going to court if i have no children? If I live in TX but I'm married in FL can I get divorced without going to court if i have no children?
Legal for medical doctors to byndle charges & make the patient pay for what is not covered by insurance? Legal for medical doctors to byndle charges and make the patient pay for what is not covered by medical insurance?
How long after an arrest does a probation officer have to file a probation violation? How long after an arrest does a probation officer have to file a probation violation?
If I'm applying for medicaid in RI
What can I do if I'm not working and I can't pay my child support? What can I do if I'm not working and I can't pay my child support?
What are my rights if my husband wants a divorce and will leave me with nothing? What are my rights if my husband wants a divorce and will leave me with nothing?
If a person has several wills once they pass away which one stands? If a person has several wills once they pass away which one stands?
Legal if my rights to my children were suspended by divorce & judge still ordered child support? My rights to my children were suspended by divorce & judge still ordered child support. Is this legal?
How do i switch legal guardians? How do i switch legal guardians? (Massachusetts) And how long does it take?
How can I execute a judgement against an individual in Pennsylvania & this person is in New jersey? How can I execute a judgement against an individual in Pennsylvania & this person is in New jersey?
Do I have to pay rent if the landlord does not come and fix the problem with my electric breaker? Do I have to pay rent if the landlord does not come and fix the problem with my electric breaker?
If a father owes arrears & the mother decides to take him off of child support can FL enforce any actions? If a father owes arrears and the mother decides to take him off of child support can the state of Florida still enforce any actions?
Is my lease still valid after 7 months of living there and haven't received a copy? Is my lease still valid after 7 months of living there and haven't received a copy?
Can a school take a phone and keep it after school hours like weekends? Can a school take a phone and keep it after school hours like weekends?
Can a doctor refuse to release a Patient's medical records when officially authorized to do so?  Can a doctor refuse to release a Patient's medical records when officially authorized to do so?
i need to know if I should see a misdemeanor before i file? i need to know if I should see a misdemeanor before i file?
Do I need to file for legal separation in order to keep my claim on my wife's assets? Do I need to file for legal separation in order to keep my claim on my wife's assets? i.e.
After an arraignment is the suspect allowed to have a copy of the discovery before trial? After an arraignment is the suspect allowed to have a copy of the discovery before trial?
How can I get grandparents to stop filing for custody when they have been denied in court already? How can I get grandparents to stop filing for custody when they have been denied in court already?
Does the school have to have a parent present if dfcs is questioning my child about another child? Does the school have to have a parent present if dfcs is questioning my child about another child and their household.
Do I have the right as a parent to sit in my child's class and observe for a day? Do I have the right as a parent to sit in my child's class and observe for a day?
Michigan responding to a request for summary judgement? Michigan responding to a request for summary judgement?
How much will it cost me to get Guardianship of Granddaughter?  How much will it cost me to get Guardianship of Granddaughter? I need Total of all. Lawyer cost and Court Cost
Does the non custodial parent still have to pay child support if we lived together off and on? Does the non custodial parent still have to pay child support if we lived together off and on and amount due is over 30
Am I in trouble if I had friends come over to drink casually and one of them got alcohol poisoning? i am 20 years old. Some friends had come over to drink casually at my apartment & one of them got alcohol poisoning. Am i in trouble?
How long am I obligated to pay when my son is disabled? How long am I obligated to pay when my son is disabled?
Legal advice on how to deal with bully boss? I need legal advice on how to deal with bully boss?
If I'm a U.S. citizen and would like to get a green card for my spouse
If a corporation files for bankruptcy will I still receive my pension? If a corporation files for bankruptcy will I still receive my pension?
What recourse do I have if my sister-in-law is accusing me of child abuse? my sister in law is accusing me of child abuse? what recourse do I have or steps should i take ?
 What does it cost for child custody in North Dakota?
is it legal to camp on the beaches of Maui if there is no posting? is it legal to camp on the beaches of Maui if there is no posting?
Can I get criminal charges against me for petty theft if a cop was called but i wasn't arrested? Can I get criminal charges against me for petty theft if a cop was called but i wasn't arrested?
Legal if a customer closes bank account & after it is closed the bank allows a charge to hit the account? If a customer closes his or her bank account
What could or should be done if an attorney lies to a judge?   What could or should be done if an attorney lies to a judge?  My ex-husbands attorney told the judge that an issue had been ruled on by another judge when in fact it had not.  I am (especially now) not able to afford to hire a lawyer of my own to continue with anything at this time.  Should the judge somehow be made aware of this?  This affects the well being of my children
Question regarding fraud or breach of contract? Fraud or breach of contract? I purchased a business and in the written purchasing agreement the landlord stated he would deliver the new lease if I did not default on my payments. I did not default and when it came time for the new lease he could not deliver one.
What is Kentucky law krs 441.265? What is Kentucky law krs 441.265?
What's the price range if my daughter's biological father wants to volunteer sign his rights to me? My daughter's biological father wants to volunteer sign his rights to me and I need to know a price range and what I got to do?
Before divorce what rights do I have as a dad living in IL? Before divorce what rights do I have as a dad living in IL?
Can my employer make me make up a weekend I had to call in due to the flu? Can my employer make me make up a weekend I had to call in due to the flu even tho they already wrote me up for calling in? This to me seems like double jeopardy.
Can I visit somebody in jail even if i have a protection order against him? Can I visit somebody in jail even if i have a protection order against him?
How do  i get a pardon in the state of South Dakota? How do  i get a pardon in the state of South Dakota?
Can an IRREVOCABLE Life Insurance Trust be Amended? Can an IRREVOCABLE Life Insurance Trust be Amended?
If I have a court order for medical insurance with my son's father
 How long can Chicago police detain you for questioning without charging you
What could happen in a contempt hearing for modification of a parenting plan?  What could happen in a contempt hearing for modification of a parenting plan? She has not been in the life of a child for almost a year. we are trying to get sole custody.
Is it a legal binding contract when a minor signs a document? Is it a legal binding contract when a minor signs a document?
Can an employer require you to work 2/3 of the time you are on medical leave?  Can an employer require you to work 2/3 of the time you are on medical leave? Disability would pay 55% of their salary and employer would pay 45%. For example: employee would work 2 weeks then be off for one week for chemo treatment for cancer for 6 rounds of treatment.
how many hours can a 14-year-old work on a school day? how many hours can a 14-year-old work on a school day?
 If the biggest shares of an corporation dies and leaves a will does this stand in court?
Is there a statue of limitations on Utah state income tax lines? IS THERE A STATUE OF LIMITATIONS ON UTAH STATE INCOME TAX LINES ?IS THERE A STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS ON UTAH STATE INCOME TAXES ?
Can child support office take money twice more in a month? Can child support office take money twice more in a month?
what is the state law about landlords giving eviction notice? What is the state law about landlords giving eviction notice?
Can a child be taken from their parent by the other if they are dating or living with a convicted felon? Can a child be taken from their parent by the other if they are dating or living with a convicted felon?
What is the law that states that employers must pay all hours worked? My employer fired me and is refusing to give me my check. I know that this is illegal. What is the law that states that employers must pay all hours worked?
Can a male employer ask a female employee who feels threatened to come into his office & shut the door? Can a male employer ask a female employee who feels threatened by him to come into his office and shut the door?
How many hours can an employer make us work if we are getting paid by day? How many hours can an employer make us work if we are getting paid by day?
What is the closed date of a probate document? What is the closed date of a probate document?
Illegal if I am an assistant manager at Sonic and I work more hours than my GM? Illegal if I am an assistant manager at Sonic and I work more hours than my GM?
Can a government owned day care make the workers like a teacher to eat the food they serve to the kids? Can a government owned day care center make the workers like a teacher to eat the food they serve to the kids?
Is it the mechanic's obligation to notify customers about storage fees? Is it the mechanic's obligation to notify customers about storage fees?
Can my job hold my pay due to unpaid child care balance when i received asst from NY? I work at the same daycare my children attend. Can my job hold my pay due to unpaid child care balance when i received asst from NY?
how do i revoke a power of attorney? how do i revoke a power of attorney?
Right if my daughter is 18 and sending me to collections when she  goes public? my daughter is 18. She went to a public hospital and now they are sending me to collections. Is this right?
what should I do if I was served glass chips in my drink at a casino? what should I do if I was served glass chips in my drink at a casino?
if you work 40 hours a week
Is there any information about a custody release date for an inmate in Fulton county jail? I would like to know if there's any information about a custody release date for an inmate in Fulton county jail?
Can I legally move out of my house if I'm 16 with a child? I live in Tennessee
What to do if my place of work will not change my name to my legal married name? What to do if my place of work will not change my name to my legal married name?
Is there a statue of limitations on a small claims court claim in the state of CT? Is there a statue of limitations on a small claims court claim in the state of CT?
Can an employer make you take maternity leave? Can an employer make you take maternity leave?
How do I get proof that my roommate stole my mail from an inmate that was addressed to me? How am I able to get proof that my roommate has stolen my mail from an inmate at a jail that was addressed to me?
Is there any repercussions for the dishonesty or lying on a judge? I was a complaint-if in and Civil Rights case. The Attorney I retained during the incident and before the law suit was file became a Judge. During the hearing the Defense had a witness testify to something my previous Attorney/Now Judge never did or said. Is there any repercussions for the dishonesty or lying on a judge?
Can my mother-in-law sue my husband for what's owned on a car that is in her name? Can my mother-in-law sue my husband for what's owned on a car that is in her name?
Do any lawyers take cases without a retainer if they will be guaranteed their money from a pension plan? i need to get a divorce.  One child involved
Does a power of attorney ever expire in the state of Florida?  Does a power of attorney ever expire in the state of Florida?
Is there a minimum value of an estate before state probate action is required? In the state of Utah
if you're 18 years old and still attending high school do you legally have to live with your parents? if you're 18 years old and still attending high school do you legally have to live with your parents?
If I am separated from my husband do I have to be legally separated to file taxes separately? If I am separated from my husband do I have to be legally separated to file taxes separately?
How many days do we have to return a new vehicle that we purchased? How many days do we have to return a new vehicle that we purchased? Does signing the contract make a difference?
Is it illegal for your boss to not let you quit or put in your two weeks notice? Is it illegal for your boss to not let you quit or put in your two weeks notice and if so why?
If I am always paid a week or weeks late
Is it legal for co-workers to have any of your information? Is it legal for co-workers to have any of your information?
How are workplace harassment laws reconciled with the first amendment right of free speech?  How are workplace harassment/coercion laws reconciled with the first amendment right of free speech?  For example
What to do if I'm selling a home in an estate sale and mother paid $5000.00 selling for $62000.00? What to do if I'm selling a home in an estate sale and mother paid $5000.00 selling for $62000.00?
Can a defendant in civil lawsuit be serviced by publication for a subornation from insurance? In Florida can a defendant in civil lawsuit be serviced by publication or another substituted service for a subornation lawsuit from a insurance company?
Can a person appeal if he has plead guilty to murder and has been sentenced to life (not without parole)? In Arkansas
If i am a beneficiary of a life ins policy
How long is a trust good for? How long is a trust good for?
What to do if I'm banned from a store for shoplifting and caught me on camera and now investigating? Got banned from a Store for shoplifting but they caught me on camera a few  a days later & now a detective came to my house asking for me.
Can I sue the person who I bought a car for $3
Can they garnish my husband's check for my medical bills after I've already sent a few payments? Can they garnish my husband's check for my medical bills after I've already sent a few payments before they sent garnishment papers to both of us? They can't garnish mine because i didn't meet the requirements.
Why doesn't Mississippi child support review my case when I've shown them proof? Why won't Mississippi child support review my case when I've shown them proof? I lost my job and can't make the required monthly amount. Also my daughter doesn't live with her mother and my son lives with me!
Can a parent get monies from an infant compromise order prior to the infant's 18th birthday? Can a parent get monies from an infant compromise order prior to the infant's 18th birthday?
If my contract on my car has expired and I still owe money on the car
Does the aunt of my child have the rights of everything? Does the aunt of my child have the rights of everything?
Are HOA's required to provide their bill notification 30 days in advance?   Are HOA's required to provide their bill notification 30 days in advance?  I get mine the day before and we pay every 4 months.  No payment tickets were provided either
Is it illegal if a landlord and tenant agree not to have a lease agreement? Is it illegal if a landlord and tenant agree not to have a lease agreement?
When you have a baby do you automatically have custody? When you have a baby do you automatically have custody?
If my friend accidentally left her watch at my home and now it's lost
How does KY law define harassment? How does KY law define harassment?
If I filed a police report to a robbery
Is there anyway I can stop the writ of ejectmen? Is there anyway I can stop the writ of ejectmen?
 In Utah is it legal with parents' consent to marry someone underage when the other is over-aged?
Can an aunt get custody of her niece if she can prove that the parents are not fit to take care of the child? Can an aunt get custody of her niece if she can prove that the parents are not fit to take care of the child?
If I was short on my pay check with this new company
If one of your apartment's employees steals your rent check
How do i go about finding out about an inheritance and how long do i have before it's lost forever? How do i go about finding out about an inheritance and how long do i have before it's lost forever?
Can I sue a building management for second hand smoking coming from a different apartment? Can I sue a building management for second hand smoking coming from a different apartment?
Can I sue a girl that keeps sending me child support papers knowing that the baby is not mine?  Can I sue a girl that keeps sending me child support papers knowing that the baby is not mine? She filed once against me but stopped the process cause she told me that the baby wasn't mine but now all of the sudden i got the papers in the mail again. I feel like she just does it to mess with me and my new family. The Department of  Child support already sent me letters/notifications saying that they are obtaining my income verification. I don't think its right for them to get information of me when a paternity test has not yet been done saying that I'm the father.
If landlord gets married can he tell you that your spouse can't move in? We rent a three bedroom. If landlord gets married can he tell you that your spouse can't move in?
 In the state of mo can you garnish my ex husband's annuity plan for back child support?
Can a landlord who was paying for garbage removal ask the the tenant pay for it like one of the utilities? Can a landlord who was paying for garbage removal all the time suddenly Ask the the tenant pay for it like one of the utilities?  The detail of the utilities in the contract mention sewage but not garbage.   Can garbage be considered as garbage although sewer charges are different?
 If I paid to get out of a lease and they cashed the check 3 months ago
Can a 17 year old move out if having family issues? Can a 17 year old move out if having family issues?
Should there be exception to child labor laws? Should there be exception to child labor laws?
When a child is under a year old can he sleep over night at the father's house? When a child is under a year old can he sleep over night at the father's house?
Is it legal to make an employee go back and redo a job that was not correctly done with out pay? Is it legal to make an employee go back and redo a job that was not correctly done with out pay?
If I am not married more then 10 years
When you sue
What is an average verdict for possession with intent to deliver with 40 bags of heroin? What is an average verdict for possession with intent to deliver with 40 bags of heroin?
How do I fire my personal injury lawyer that I've had for about a month? How do I fire my personal injury lawyer that I've had for about a month?
How does one get his name on a deed of property that he inherited in a will? How does one get his name on a deed of property that he inherited in a will?In this will
Can I get emancipated at 16?  Can I get emancipated at 16? Reason being I don't feel wanted by my aunt and uncle. I feel like I'm a burden on them. My aunt is never home she works three jobs and my uncle just got a job so no one really spends time with me. I'm not happy here and am way over stressed.
what is an officer supposed to do when and elderly person reports being threatened? what is an officer supposed to do when and elderly person reports being threatened?
Can the father change the baby's first name without the mother's consent if they are not married? Can the father change the baby's first name without the mothers consent if they are not married?'
What are the laws about teenage runaways?  What are the laws about teenage runaways? Is it illegal and do the parents have rights?
What happen if come late 1 to 15 minutes late to my work in Florida? What happen if come late 1 to 15 minutes late to my work in Florida?
Do I still have to pay my ex-wife child support for my 18 year old child? Do I still have to pay my ex-wife child support for my 18 year old child?
Can a Doctor be held liable for Inadvertent or unintended injury to a patient after surgery? Can a Doctor be held liable for Inadvertent or unintended injury to a patient after surgery?
Does Letter of Heirship need one signature or does it need another from legal counsel? Letter of Heirship has one signature does it need another from legal counsel? Or does the signature of a valid friend suffice? I am the first death beneficiary
If I'm not able to divorce until January
If I work for a big utility and I've been harassed and discriminated
How can the cable company keep charging you for service you don't have?  how can the cable company keep charging you for service you don't have? I lost my job and couldn't pay last months bill. so to make sure this months bill was not as much so that i could pay them off i turned in my equipment so that i could change it too basic cable! They then informed me that i cant switch to basic cable until my balance is paid in full. As expensive as it is this cant happen till my bill goes down so. So even tho they have my equipment i am continually charged for services i don't have how is this legal? at this rate i will be digging a whole impossible to get out of! all for services i don't have!
How often can i take the father of my child back to court for child support? How often can i take the father of my child back to court for child support?
What is the supreme court rule number compelling a plaintiff to documents as requested for examination? What is the supreme court rule number (statute) compelling a plaintiff to documents as requested for examination?
How can I go about getting custody of my daughter and setting up visitation for her father? How can I go about getting custody of my daughter and setting up visitation for her father?
Can you sue your husband's lover in the state of Georgia? Can you sue your husband's lover in the state of Georgia?
Can a company prevent you from going to your vehicle during your break time legally? Can a company prevent you from going to your vehicle during your break time legally?
Does biological mother have the right to decide the baby's last name for the birth certificate? Does biological mother have the right to decide the baby's last name for the birth certificate?
Can a judge order a parent to pay  or help with college costs? Can a judge order a parent to pay  or help with college costs?
If an employee is accused of stealing money from workplace
Do i have to keep my ex on my health insurance at work until the divorce is final? Do i have to keep my ex on my health insurance at work until the divorce is final?
How long till the final hearing happens for divorce after agreed/successful mediation takes place? How long till the final hearing happens for divorce after agreed/successful mediation takes place in Pinellas county Florida? My mediation was done on 9/11/12 and I received an Order Approving Mediation Stipulation on 9/18/12. Also
Can you file for custody of a child in a different state when your dealing with custody in one currently? Can you file for custody of a child in a different state when your dealing with custody in one currently?
Can you sue a city for designating a smoking area at work for only your office? Can you sue a city for designating a smoking area at work for only your office?
Can my baby's mama claim child support and move to a different state? Can my baby's mama claiming child support and move to a different state?
Can I take my child out of the country with me for awhile even though we have joint custody? Can I take my child out of the country with me for awhile even though me and her father have joint custody?
If I've been on pretrial for a year as an electronic monitor
Code in the child support guidelines that state a parent receiving support report a change in income? is there a code in the Virginia child support guidelines that state a parent receiving child support report a change in their income.
How do I reply in as a witness in a discrimination case where the information provided did not happen to me? How do I reply in as a witness or respondent in a discrimination case where the information provided did not happen to me or doesn't apply to me?
How do I get an appeal after taking a deal with a public defender? How do I get an appeal after taking a deal with a public defender? also i have 30 days to appeal and it hasn't been 30 days?
Recourse if my neighbor seemingly has taken several feet of my property by planting grass on it? My neighbor seemingly has taken several feet of my property by planting grass on it.  What recourse do I have?
When you start a job at a set pay rate can they cut it without telling you about it? When you start a job at a set pay rate can they cut it without telling you about it?
Can my past employer give a copy of my employment app & resume to a third party without my consent? Can my past employer give a copy of my employment application and resume to a third party without my consent in NYS?
Can an employer fire an employee for not taking breaks because the employee is unable to? Can an employer fire an employee for not taking breaks because the employee is unable to?
What to do if my wife took off with our kids out of state and has not contacted me to see them? What to do if my wife took off with our kids out of state and has not contacted me to see them?
Can my landlord keep filing on me even when we're waiting on a decision from another case? Can my landlord keep filing on me even when we're waiting on a decision from another case?
Can my landlord take me to court while her house are in foreclosure? Can my landlord take me to court while her house are in foreclosure?
As a renter in Fort Collins
 What should I do if I was fired from my job with no good reasons?
How long do I pay child support in the state of Kansas if my daughter is a senior in college? How long do I pay child support in the state of Kansas if my daughter is a senior in college?
if i lose a job and still get foreign income
 What are the statue limitations in the state of Indiana foreseeing a transmission place?
What law prohibits a senior citizen to leave a nursing home? What law prohibits a senior citizen to leave a nursing home?
 How can a guy adopt a child but can't pay his child support for 2 of his other kids?
What do you do when your apartment complex has been charging you a $200 late fee every month?  What do you do when your apartment complex has been charging you a $200 late fee every month? I went to court for late payment and the judge explained that this is illegal. What is my next step?
Does a teacher have a right to a break and lunch? Does a teacher have a right to a break and lunch?
Who is entitled to my deceased son's retirement benefits? Who is entitled to my deceased son's retirement benefits? Me and my younger son who are listed as his beneficiaries or his wife of 6 months before his passing. We live in the state of Florida.
What should you take to a pretrial in front of a judge and what should you expect? What should you take to a pretrial in front of a judge and what should you expect?
Can corporations force employees with a part time job work more than 10 hours in the daily basics? Can corporations force employees with a part time job work more than 10 hours in the daily basics?
what is a trust with our kids in an estate will? what is a trust with our kids in an estate will?
Can my boyfriend kick me out of the house while I'm sick? Can my boyfriend kick me out of the house while I'm sick?
Legal to charge to get my stuff back in FL if my car was repossessed and my personal stuff in the car? Legal to charge to get my stuff back in FL if my car was repossessed and my personal stuff in the car?
If you're scheduled for 8 hours but only get 3 hours paid but be there the whole time is that right? If you're scheduled for 8 hours but only get 3 hours paid but be there the whole time is that right?
I am not a lawyer but If my ID expired how would I get another one? I am not a lawyer but If my ID expired how would I get another one?
Can a company require you to volunteer & use it as a criteria on your yearly evaluation? Can a company in PA. require you to volunteer and raise money for charity and use it as a criteria on your yearly evaluation?
How do I disestablishment paternity for a child born there while I reside in a different state? How do I disestablishment paternity for a child born there while I reside in a different state?
how do i become representative & get title of mobile home transferred from deceased mother's into mine?  how do i become personal representative and get title of mobile home transferred from deceased mothers name into my name?
Can my ex girlfriend take our child out of Ky without my consent?  Can my ex girlfriend take our child out of Ky without my consent? She has moved to IN
Can I be evicted if I am making partial payments? In the state of Georgia
Is Utah horses racing required to have insurance to put on the races? Is Utah horses racing required to have insurance to put on the races?
if I'm staying in a condo for 6 months and I'm not on the lease do I have any rights? I wanted to know if I'm staying in a condo for 6 months and I'm not on the lease do I have any rights so I can't be just thrown out?
If someone wrote something racial on my locker at work what can be done about it? If someone wrote something racial on my locker at work what can be done about it?
What to do if I want to file suit against my husband for defamation of character in the state of Texas? What to do if I want to file suit against my husband for defamation of character in the state of Texas?
What is the possible sentence for a misdemeanor attempt to possess a firearm in DC? What is the possible sentence for a misdemeanor attempt to possess a firearm in DC?
is a CWOF in Massachusetts a guilty finding? is a cwof in Massachusetts a guilty finding?
Can you file for joint custody cause my ex is saying the paperwork has to state who has physical custody? In a new York state uncontested divorce
Can a warrant be issued for failure to respond to a server in Indiana? Can a warrant be issued for failure to respond to a server in Indiana?
What happens if a non-custodial parent receives SS disability benefits on a child that lives with father? What happens if a non custodial parent receives social security disability benefits on a child that lives with father?
Can your landlord evict you in Colorado if there is no lease and you decide to leave and not give a deposit? Can your landlord evict you in Colorado if there is no lease and you decide to leave and not give a deposit?
How long after you're terminate can you file a wrongful termination suit? How long after you're terminate can you file a wrongful termination suit?
