LawPivot Public Answers (beta): Introductory Post LawPivot Public Answers (beta) is a collaborative legal answers site for businesses and lawyers to view general legal questions and expert responses, and to participate in these discussions. LawPivot Public Answers (beta) is free to access, and open to the public. To use LawPivot Public Answers (beta), start typing in the search bar above to find legal questions and answers.  Feel free to participate and add to any discussions of interest to you.  Remember also, that LawPivot Public Answers (beta) is a public feature, visible to everyone, so avoid divulging confidential information relating to your business and/or your clients while posting to LawPivot Public Answers (beta).	LawPivot Questions	California
Legal to prevent former employee from working with competitor? If our former employee is moving to a competitor and would inevitably disclose his former employer's trade secrets, can we prevent that former employee from working with the competitor?	Employment Questions,Trade Secret Questions	California
Benefits of acquiring another company's assets? We are looking into acquiring a small company with a few employees and little revenue, but valuable intellectual property and patents. What are the legal benefits of structuring the deal as an acquisition of essentially all the assets of the company as opposed to structuring it as a stock acquisition?	Corporate Questions	California
Including arbitration clause in vendor agreements My company is drafting up a general contract when engaging our outside vendors.  To protect our company from costly litigation, I want to include an arbitration clause, which I have seen in other contracts. Should I include it and how do I go about including it?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
If a dad hasn't seen his child in four years but pays support is he entitled to custody? If a dad hasn't seen his child in four years but pays support is he entitled to custody?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Will judge accept divorce papers if separation agreement not signed but not required by law? I used LegalZoom to prep papers for an NC uncontested divorce. In the divorce complaint, it included separation agreement. This is not necessary in NC. My spouse won't sign. Will the judge still accept the papers even though clause is showing on the Divorce Complaint but is NOT required in law??	Family Questions	North Carolina
I filed for a divorce in the state of California. My husband responded with an annulment. We were married in 2004. He bought a house for me to live in 2008. He never put my name on the deed. He did not live there but came to visit once a week for 2 years. Can he get an annulment?	Family Questions	California
If your property has a lien against it, can you  sell, trade or donate the property to a family member? If your property has a lien against it, can you sell, trade or donate the property to a family member?	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
How to stop competitor from using company name and logo in advertising? We recently discovered that over the last month, a direct competitor is negatively using the name of our company and our logos in its advertisements and marketing materials without our permission. We want them to stop using our name and logo altogether. What can we do to stop our competitor and possibly seek damages?	Copyright Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Is defamation of character in employment under personal injury lawyers? Is defamation of character in employment under personal injury lawyers?	Employment Questions	California
How to get paid when employer in Chapter 11 at hiring? We did construction work for a man 10 months ago.  After the work was finished, we found out that he was in Chapter 11.  He now says that he cannot pay us because he is in chapter 11.  He was in chapter 11 when he hired us. Is there any way for us to get our money?	Bankruptcy Questions	Arkansas
How do I pay salary to foreign co-founders that remain overseas? We are still early-stage, pre-incorporation at the moment, and my 2 cofounders are in India and want to stay there. We have been scouting out our options for compensating them down the road, and the plan would be to start up a subsidiary of the US corporation when our team in India is large enough to warrant the expenses of operating according to both US and Indian law. Between "early stage startup" and "multinational corporation", these seem to be our options:1) Pay them through a local Indian payroll company which would bill the US corporation2) Start up a separate local Indian company which would bill the US corporation(Both of these seem pretty straightforward to set up and essent	Corporate Questions,Employment Questions	California
Am I obligated to pay for the unused sessions if I was not satisfied with the services and we had a verbal agreement? I hired a coach to help me start a business. I verbally agreed over the phone to pay her a set amount over 5 months.  The conversation was recorded.  I went to my first coaching session and was not satisfied with the service.  Am I obligated to pay for the unused sessions?  I live in California.  Thanks	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Should marketing agencies sign NDAs to maintain confidentiality? Our company is about to launch a new service and in order to promote those services, we want to work with several marketing agencies.  Because we are keeping the service confidential until launch, we are cautious of even working with any third party.  Should we have the marketing agencies sign some sort of non-disclosure agreement and, if so, how should we structure it?	Contract Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trade Secret Questions	California
Can you provide me the law that says I must pay a direct un-apportioned tax? I have been studying taxes for some time now, and I have not been able to find the law that requires me to pay the federal income tax as a Virginia resident. Can you provide me the law that says I must pay a direct un-apportioned tax?	Tax Questions	Virginia
What is the proper way to marry someone with a work visa from Israel when I'm a US citizen? I am a US citizen. I met someone and want to marry them. She is a citizen of Israel and is here in a work visa. What is the proper way to go about this in the state of new york?	Immigration Questions	New York
Protecting intellectual property developed overseas? We are a company interested in developing a software program with engineers in India. How can we protect the intellectual property we purchased from and developed by the engineers in India?	Intellectual Property Questions,Technology Questions	California
Tenant gave first and last month's rent then requests "deposit" back. A tenant moved in and out in a less than a month. She paid first and last months rent. The receipt states "first and last." Tenant gave less than a 2 weeks notice as to intended move. She is requesting her "deposit" back. Am I obligated to return the last months rent? Tenant has no rental contract.	Leasing Questions	Maine
Steps before adopting company or product name? My company is an early stage startup in stealth mode that is planning to launch a new product.  We are in the process of coming up with a company name and a name for our product. What steps should I take before I adopt a company name or new product name?	Trademark Questions	California
How do I stop a notice to vacate? How to stop a notice to vacate?	Real Estate Questions	California
How to determine if Ebbert v. Ebbert 459 A.2d 282 federal or state case? Ebbert v. Ebbert, 459 A.2d 282 (N.H. 1983) Is this a federal or state case? How did you make that determination?	Litigation Law Questions	Pennsylvania
Does contract bind me to stay with employer for period of time? If an employer makes you sign a contract to stay with them for a certain time, is it legally binding?	Contract Questions,Employment Questions	California
How to change from LLC to corporation? Upon the advice of my accountant, I formed an LLC for my company about nine months ago.  After talking to some VC firms, I have been told to change my company from a LLC to a corporation, if I want to obtain VC funding from them.  I do not know what to do.  How should I proceed?	Corporate Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
What are common ways to distribute equity of company? I'm lucky enough to have someone willing to work for equity. I want her to feel compensated soon, but I don't want to give her everything at once, when she could just leave with part of the company. What are the common arrangements for giving equity to someone working for your company?	Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Private Equity Law Questions	New York
Do I stand any grounds with a signed deal memo but now getting screwed? Is a deal memo legally binding once all parties agree and sign in front of CPA in the state of New York especially if I was the deal maker?	Copyright Questions,Employment Questions,Finance Questions,Leasing Questions,Patent Questions	New York
Can you stop debt collectors from calling a nursing home to a 90 year old? Can you stop debt collectors from calling a nursing home to a 90 year old?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
I would like to know if my 2-month contract jobs will affect my green card process? Hi:I am currently at h1-b status, but I did 2 months contract job last year, got some income and 1099-misc form. I would like to know if this will affect my green card process? Will this be a out of status behavior to my h1b?than	Immigration Questions	California
Have my consumer rights been violated? Good afternoon,I was forced by a Walmart employee into making 14 individual purchases on a Walmart Pre-Paid card. They had a notice from 2011 but as the consumer I was never notified in writing or verbally that the policy had changed. Have my consumer rights been violated?	Consumer Questions	California
Can I charge fee for workshop using book authored by another? Can I charge a fee for conducting a workshop to teach material from a book I did not write?	Copyright Questions,Corporate Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Texas
Need Debt Settlement I have a debt of total $20,000 from various credit card, bank and medical agencies . I want to settle it now. I incurred this debt 2009 when I I was student and after completing my studies I had to leave the country . I am still out of US but want to cleat this off .How can I do it ? Can there be any settlement done ?I have read that people were able to do a settlement under which the Derogatory remark was removed from the credit history . Is that possible in my case ?	Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Internet Questions	California
How is only child beneficiary affected if attorney named executor and trustee? My question is about wills and estates. My mother is 91 and her attorney convinced her to make changes to her last will and testament form that names the attorney as executor and trustee. I am the only child and I wonder how that affects my position as beneficiary?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How to resolve employee's previous misdemeanors for H1B visa? I obtained a H1B visa for an employee after a long process, only to have him denied by the US Consulate when he went for his interview. It turns out he has a few misdemeanors in Florida during the mid 90's. How do I find out if this is something that can be resolved/remedied by a good lawyer?	Criminal Questions,Immigration Questions	California
Does live streaming choir concert for free violate copyright? My school wants to live stream a choir concert for free viewing. Is this a violation of copyright law?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Minnesota
Questions about incorporating a company in the US? Hi. We want to incorporate a company in the US and so need to work with someone who knows the subject and can get it done for us. The following is the base information. 1. The main investment will be from a company based out of India and which is a tax resident of India.2. The company wants to launch a dietary supplement in the US which will be sold via the internet as well as through the retail channel. 3. We have been advised to make the investment via a 2 layer corporate structure. 4. The India company should invest in a US entity, fully owned which becomes the holding company, and this entity in turn invests the money into the actual operating company which will run the business.I have a few questions on the above.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	16
Can new mobile marketing technique be patented? Can a new technique of mobile marketing be patented, copyrighted, or trademarked?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trade Secret Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
What is the law on expiration dates on gift certificates? What is the law on expiration dates on gift certificates?	Consumer Questions	California
Will my property go to the state of California if I don't have a will? I don't have a living trust or a last will and testament form.  Will the state get my property?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How to open bank account in NY or Wilmington without EIN or ITIN? I am a foreigner & I recently incorporated an LLC in Delaware. I would like to open a bank account in either New York or Willmington in order to accept payments through Paypal. I am visiting New York in 10 days and would like to take advantage of my trip to open the account. I have no EIN nor ITIN.What should I do?	Banking Law Questions,Business Internet Questions,Corporate Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Internet Law Questions	Delaware
Obligations under an Employment Authorization Card I am Mexican. Currently I have both a student F1 visa and a tourist visa. Using my F1 visa I applied for OPT and already obtained an Employment Authorization Card that will expire on Feb 2013. Can I live in Mexico during the validity of my EAC? Do I have a limit of time to obtain a job in the US? Can I cross the US-Mexico border using my tourist visa?	Employment Questions,Immigration Questions	California
What to expect when served with complaint? What can a defendant served with a complaint generally expect?	Litigation Law Questions	New York
Why and what to do about restaurant owner claiming higher amount of tips on my paychecks? Why and what to do about restaurant owner claiming higher amount of tips on my paychecks?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Do I maintain copyright if compensated for writing music? I have written a musical score for another person's video/short film.  In compensation I was paid several hundred dollars.  Do I maintain the copyright for the music?  How does this work?	Copyright Questions,Entertainment Law Questions	Washington
If I want to end my engagement, what do I do about the visa issue? I got married in India on August 27th of last year. I am a US citizen and he is Indian. I filed for the visa for him to be able to live in America. I have decided I do not want to be married to this man anymore. I need to know what to do about ending the marriage and what to do about the visa that should go through any day now?	Immigration Questions	Colorado
When a corporate employee is terminated, what steps does the employer need to take at termination? When an employee of a corporate office is terminated what steps by law does the employer need to take at termination?	Employment Questions	California
How to solicit money on websites without violating SEC? How can companies solicit money by post their stock/money raising offerings on group websites without running afoul of the SEC rules?	Finance Questions,Financial Questions,Government Questions,Internet Law Questions,Securities Questions,Venture Capital Questions	Florida
If I have been married to this man for 20 years, can I file for alimony if I divorce? I live in Florida and own my home with my husband. We are joint owners on the deed. Should I move out, I am 99% certain the home will be sold and divided 50-50.I have been married to this man for 20 years, can I file for alimony if I divorce?	Family Questions	Florida
Tax issues in granted restricted stock in revenue-generating startup I am joining a startup that has generated $100k in revenue over the past 2 months.  I am curious about the following:1) How do we determine the value of the company, and thus value the shares that I am receiving (or rather, reasonably value it as low as possible), considering that it has a very short history of operations?2) If I make an 83(b) election and pay the taxes on all of the unvested shares now, what happens if the company is unsuccessful and the shares end up being worthless? Can I claim a tax deduction? A Capital Loss? Considering it's taxed as ordinary income, I would imagine an ordinary income deduction, but then again perhaps this is just a risk of joining a startup for equity.	Corporate Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,Tax Questions	California
Is it practical to register website pages for early stage startup? I would like to protect my website's original content from being copied by competitors.  I believe a copyright is automatically granted for my content.  However, I am unsure why one would register it since it would take time and money.  Would it be practical for me to register the pages in my website given that my company is an early stage startup with limited funds?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	California
I'm losing my Quiznos business and we need legal advise of what needs to be done. Should we file for bankruptcy or are there other ways to come out clean?	Bankruptcy Questions,Corporate Questions,Franchises & Franchising Questions	Texas
What are my rights to sue for breaking the lease agreement? My landlord broke the lease agreement as well as overcharged me for the deposit. Now she wants me to move out. I just moved in 3/17/12 and I am pregnant. I would like to know about my legal rights to sue for breaking the lease agreement and moving expenses w/inconvenience.	Real Estate Questions	California
If you have a lease from a landlord renting you out his house and he sells it before your lease is up, do I the tenant have to move out or can I take him to court to remain in the house until my lease expires? If you have a lease from a landlord renting you out his house and he sells it before your lease is up, do I the tenant have to move out or can I take him to court to remain in the house until my lease expires? It's just a standard lease agreement, nothing special.	Real Estate Questions	California
From a cost and legal perspective, should I set up the fund (legally) before accepting any funds at all from family members? I am considering starting a small macro hedge fund.  I initially will fund it using my own money and perhaps some money from family.  After developing a track record I may open it up to friends.  From a cost and legal perspective, should I set up the fund (legally) before accepting any funds at all from family members?  Also, what must I do legally if I wish to accept funds from friends later on?  Thanks.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
How do I get a divorce from someone who is in prison and continues to move around as do I?  How do I get a divorce from someone who is in prison and continues to move around as do I? We have been separated for 6 years.	Family Questions	California
Company asking for same transfer and assignment rights in reselling SaaS software service. Another company wants to white-label and resell our SaaS software service.  In the terms, we have included the following clause "[Our Company] may assign or transfer this TOS, in whole or in part, without restriction."  They have asked to have the same transfer and assignment rights. Yes or no?	Contract Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Software Questions,Web Application Development Questions	Missouri
What are legitimate income streams for H1B visa holder? What are the legitimate income streams for an H1B visa holder? Can he start a business and earn money? Can he write books and earn royalty?	Immigration Questions	California
How to protect trade secrets when disclosing to investors? How do I protect my trade secrets which are described in a provisional patent application?  I have to disclose them to collaborators and investors in order to develop the resources to start up a company.	Intellectual Property Questions,Trade Secret Questions	California
Negotiating liquidation preferences? I'm the CEO and Co-Founder of a startup, and I am in the process of talking to various VC firms to raise funding.  I have done some research on term sheets and the issues I will need to address and I have some questions.  What is a liquidation preference and how we should negotiate it?	Securities Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
What business type for two general partners with limited liability? What is the best business type to register as with two general partners who want limited liability for each other and for the business? Also the partners are not the investors.	California Questions,Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Government Questions,Legal Questions	California
Our startup wants to offer a convertible note to investors and service providers which converts into a phantom share program. How can we structure that?	Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Financial Questions,Tax Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
Can I keep the security deposit and  request the balance of the rent minus the 7 days? My tenant was on a month to month rental agreement which means she has to give me 30 days notice.  She only gave me 7 days notice.  I have a security deposit that equals half a months rent.  Can I keep the security deposit and  request the balance of the rent minus the 7 days?  If so, is there something like a legal code or something I can reference when I send her the letter to tell her about her security deposit?Thank you	Real Estate Questions	California
Timeline for sponsoring an H1B visa, and getting application approved We are trying to hire an engineer as soon as possible.  Many of our candidates require us to sponsor their H1B visas.  When in the year can we apply for an H1B Visa, how much time will it take to get, and when is the earliest start date?  Does the candidate being on an F1 visa impact this timeline.  We heard anecdotally that H1B visas can be applied for after April 1 and are granted on October 1, so these candidates wouldn't be able to start working for us until October 1.  Is that true?	Employment Questions,Immigration Questions	Alabama
I'm starting a new company & I'm trying to dissolve with my current business partner. This is a franchise and they have agreed to release fully even with the non-compete. But, there are some issues with biz partner releasing me. How can I move forward where I am protect as well as the new company?	Partnership Questions	New York
How to register business in US for non-resident? How to register business in US for non-resident?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	47
Obtaining H-1B visas to recruit employees overseas? My company wants to recruit some talented software engineers from overseas. How do I apply for H-1B visas for employees I want to hire from India and China?	Employment Questions,Immigration Questions	California
Do Co-founders count as employees? I am preparing to start home-based small business with two other (non family) co-founders and I found out that I cannot register my apt that I am renting as the business location as I have non-family members working for the company. It is the zoning code by San Mateo County that says "All employees of the business must be residents in the dwelling." I understand the point in general but my business is totally online based service and three of us, co-founders, can just work from home on our own. Is there any work-around? Do Co-founders count as employees? Should I just find an office to rent?Thank you in advance.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Exactly what is a deed in lieu of? I have been unable to sell my home and must leave the area. I was advised by a friend to consider a deed in lieu of to the bank. Exactly what is a deed in lieu of?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What do the trustee letters from receiving a full reconveyance and substitution mean? I live in California and received a full reconveyance and substitution of trustee letter from the county clerks office after I refinanced my house; what do these letters mean?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it legally required to have shareholder and yearly board meeting for small family C corp? For small family C corporations, is it a requirement by law that there must be a shareholder and board meeting each year? Can this be changed by agreement to minimize paperwork?Can it be agreed by shareholders for meeting as needed like an LLC? Who must  sign the consent agreement in lieu of meeting?  What is the absolute minimum paperwork a  small family corporation must do to be in good standing so no one can "pierce the corporate veil?"  You can assume that all fed and state tax returns are filed, separate bank accounts, etc. Question here is only related to written paperwork and meetings required by law.  Two family members know what is going on since both are active in biz. Question is just what written paperwork is required by law. Thanks!	Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Web Design Development Questions	District of Columbia
What is the cheapest way to set up an American company in order to be able to make a set up for intra-company VISA? What is the cheapest way to set up an American company in order to be able to make a set up for intra-company VISA?	Immigration Questions	26
How should I structure my investment contracts? In case of start up - how should I structure my investment contracts, so I don't get tied up down the path in case of a possible dilution for more investment?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
If you authorize a service repair and then in less than 24 hours call to cancel the contract before the work is performed can the company go ahead with the work and charge you anyways even though you verbally cancelled? If you authorize a service repair and then in less than 24 hours call to cancel the contract before the work is performed can the company go ahead with the work and charge you anyways even though you verbally cancelled?	Consumer Questions	New Jersey
If a spouse passes, is the surviving spouse responsible for medical bills? Florida: if a spouse passes, is the surviving spouse responsible for medical bills? All assets in both their names.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
/questions/c10ea77d20/unemployment-referees-decision-derived-from-perjur/

How much does my business logo need to change to not raise legal issues with my old graphic design firm? How much does my current business logo and packaging design need to change to not raise legal issues with my old graphic design firm, whom I believe, but not certain, that they own the rights to?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	District of Columbia
Do I have to be a U.S citizen to petition my husband?  I am a green card holder and I'm here in California. I just got married in Aug. 2011 in the Philippines and I would like to bring my husband in the U.S. What should I do? Do I have to be a U.S citizen to petition my husband? What is the fastest way to bring him here? Thank you. Please respond.	Immigration Questions	California
If married less than a year in CA with no kids, is my spouse legally obligated to anything I have? If married less than a year in CA with no kids, is my spouse legally obligated to anything I have?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Does it help to have attorney when applying for service mark? I need to apply for a service mark: a business that i started several years ago. Is there any benefit to having an attorney involved in this? Or should i just apply on the official gov website? Thanks	Trademark Questions	Colorado
What are best reasons for hiring lawyer to incorporate start-up? What are the most compelling reasons for hiring a business lawyer to do a start-up's incorporation, assuming that we intend to raise venture money at some point? Put another way, we can do the incorporation on Legal Zoom much cheaper now but don't want our legal structure to be a sticking point for raising money later. With finite resources we need to know if incorporation with a lawyer is a nice to have or a must have?	California Questions,Corporate Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
Does home-based fitness consulting business need liability insurance? Do I need Liability Insurance for a home-based Fitness Consulting business?	Contract Questions,Health Care Questions,Insurance Questions,Internet Questions,Legal Questions	Florida
I want to know when to file for a trademark? I want to know when to file for a trademark?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Can a private investigator or anyone record me without my consent? Can a private investigator or any one record me without my consent?	Criminal Questions	California
What is most cost effective way to patent company name? What's the most cost effective way to patent a company name?	Trademark Questions	California
Do I have rights to self-mailed patented idea that is stolen? If you hobo patent an idea (mail it to yourself) and someone steals your idea, are you entitled to royalties and or be able to sue them?	Finance Questions,Financial Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions	Florida
Can I sue my boss for telling lies about me to my co-workers? I was recently fired from my job. I agree with the terms of my termination. While I was downstairs signing the write up, the GM of the restaurant asked what I thought could improve the store. I told her certain things about the other 2 managers only. Now she is going around telling everyone I am trying to get them fired. My roommate is still employed with said company and many of my friends work there too. I just don't know how to handle the situation. I just feel like this is slander to some degree?	Employment Questions,Personal Injury Questions	California
If my husband incorporates his dba and I am not an officer or partner and we separate or divorce am I entitled to any part of the business? Currently my husband is operating his business as a dba. If he incorporates and I am not an officer or partner and we separate or divorce am I entitled to any part of the businesss?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can judge force married co-defendants to have no contact? My husband and I are co-defendants in a case and the judge said that we can't have contact with each other, but we live together. Can a judge do that? Can he/she force us to have no contact?	Family Questions	California
I am looking for a patent attorney with extensive experience in webservices. I am currently drafting a patent for a webservice. I need a lawyer for filing a provisional patent application.	Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions	California
I like to patent a product, but how do I know it won't infringe on another product? I have a product I would like to patent, but I do not know if it is similar enough to another specific product to be infringement. How can I find advice (for free)? Given that advice, I would the use that lawyer for drafting a patent for my idea, if possible.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New Jersey
What taxes or laws should I know to start housecleaning business? What kind of taxes or laws would I need to know to start a housecleaning business?	Financial Questions,Legal Questions,Tax Questions	South Carolina
Does registering trade name with USPTO give right to use it? If I register a trade name with the USPTO and then a business comes out later and can show that they have been using that trade name before I registered with the USPTO do they get the right to use it? I see that they have registered it with the state. Note: we are the same type of business.	Trademark Questions	Washington
Is it reasonable for me to ask for equal ownership? I am working on a startup with 2 partners. The idea was mine, but the other two have invested considerably more time in its implementation. Is it reasonable for me to ask for equal ownership (split 33-33-33)? It is likely our time invested will remain something like (15-42-42) in the future, with me spending the least time.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is website with legally purchased music for download infringing copyright? If I purchase music legally and load this music to my website and I then allow people to download this music to their MP3 players, Is this a violation of copyright infringement?	Computer Law Questions,Copyright Questions	Florida
What will be the maximum punishment if my friend's wife shoplifted $270 worth of items? My friend's wife got arrested for shoplifting $270 worth of items. She has a court date given too. She is really worried and guilty now. Going mentally harassing herself due to her guilty feeling. I Am trying to know what will be the maximum punishment she can expect? Please advise.	Criminal Questions	California
Can I sue motel for bedbugs? Can I sue a motel for having bedbugs?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Take action against my old landlord who isn't returning my security deposit? How do I take action against my old landlord who is not returning my security deposit?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is the procedure to make a spin-off company of my current company? I am an aspiring entrepreneur, and work in a start-up company. I want to start my current product (which I am working on) in a new company, which I want to make a child company of the current one. What is the procedure for that?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Alabama
Pros and cons of non-exclusive versus exclusive company patent license? We are an early stage company that has limited revenue but owns the rights to some key patents. There are a number of companies who are interested in licensing our patents on either an exclusive or non-exclusive basis. What are the pros and cons of entering into an exclusive versus non-exclusive technology licensing agreement for our key patents?	Patent Questions,Technology Questions	California
Will adult be punished if parent allows sex with underage daughter? When I was 15 years old I WILLINGLY had sex with a twenty year old guy and ended up getting pregnant. When I told my mom about it she was fine with the whole situation. She allowed him to stay the night with me etc. If she tries to press charges on him now because she gets mad, will he go to jail?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions	Texas
How many interrogatories and request for admissions allowed in California Civil Discovery? I wanted to clarify the number of interrogatories and request for admissions that are allowed during discovery in CA. Is it possible to combine 1 set of form interrogatories, 35 special interrogatories and unlimited request for admissions?Are you limited to 35 questions on the form interrogatories? Are you allowed to add unlimited requests for admission?Thank you	California Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
Is my company name trademark-friendly? Can I file a trademark for the term (also my company name) "Pork & Beans" or is it too generic? My company is a new startup making cans of pork and beans. I've seen trademarks get rejected when the meaning of the words in the trademark describe the product or service (I forgot what that's called).	Trademark Questions	California
Is there a limit on how long a living trust can exist after the death of the grantor?  Is there a limit on how long a living trust can exist after the death of the grantor?  My wife and her sisters are beneficiaries of a trust their father created.  He has been dead for 5 years and the successor (one of the sisters) has never sold the home and distributed the proceeds.  Can this go on indefinitely?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Do I need to incorporate if I want to start a photography business? I want to start a photography business. Do I need to incorporate?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Is the notary legally binding? I can't afford a lawyer, but I do have a question. My husband and I have a carpet cleaning business. I wrote a document stating the business is owned by me, our children and him, and that all endeavors pertaining to the business were of equal entitlement. All profits are to go to the family. We went to a notary service both of us signed the document, the notary put a seal and signed as well. Is this document legally binding?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Does ex-husband have to pay children's travel costs if wife out of state? I am trying to move out of state.  My ex husband said he would consider agreeing to it if he does not pay child support and he does not have to pay any of the cost for the kids to see him when it is his time with the kids.  Can I legally get him to pay half travel expense?	Family Questions	Missouri
Breach of Contract I purchased 2 Puppies. The Breeder Guaranteed Hips and Health of the Puppies. Hips wont come into play til they are around 2yrs old however, I took them to the vet the same day I purchased them and it took $1000.00 to get them healthy. I have spoken several times with the breeder who agreed to repay the out of pocket expenses and then started avoiding me. He has repaid $200.00 so far but now only gives excuses for the delays in paying the rest. Do I have to file the small claims suit in the Jurisdiction where the breeder is or can I file in mine?	Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Foreign company incorporating in US I own an Italian company, developing software products. I am about to start an online selling of the software; I was advised to check to incorporate in the US to do this kind of business.Since all the intellectual property belongs to me, could I setup a sort of internal licensing to a new US company that does the real online selling of the software?Also, i was told Delaware is very good for incorporating software companies.Which are the best suited states where to incorporate such a company?I would need a quote on the expenses for doing the incorporation; I would not be an US resident and work from Europe.	Corporate Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,International Business Law Questions,Software Questions	California
In which court do I file 170.1 against judge in Los Angeles county? I want to file a 170.1 against a Judge in Los Angeles county.  Do I have to file in the same court or can I also file in the central branch in Los Angeles?	Banking Law Questions,California Questions,Legal Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
What legal aspects to keep in mind when C-corp startup uses investor broker? What legal aspects should be had in mind when a C Corp startup uses an investor broker such as CapLinked? How safe is it to just pay them the fee for exchanging contact details with the investors?	California Questions,Financial Questions,Private Equity Law Questions,Securities Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
How to prevent estranged wife from returning home? My wife left me 9 months ago and now she says she coming back into the home she abandoned. What can I do to prevent this?	Administrative Law Questions,Family Questions	Texas
Is my IP worth spending the money to protect? I have a provisional patent for the concept behind and the novel use of technology for a free to play social game.  The concept has since evolved to development as a mobile app.  I have a short time to file the non provisional application and need to know if the IP is worth spending the money to protect?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Level of disclosure to potential acquirer about company technology? We are currently engaging in initial discussions with a potential acquirer.  How much information about our core technology do you recommend we provide upfront to the potential acquirer before we agree on the definitive terms of the acquisition in a term sheet?	Corporate Questions,Mergers and Acquisitions Law Questions	California
Do I need to file for LLC again when moving to different state? I have an LLC registered in a certain state.  I plan on moving to another state and moving my business there as well.  Do I need to file for an LLC again when I move my business to the other state?	Corporate Questions	California
How can a senior citizen get back all his property? He was manipulated into signing away to a scheming son. The senior citizen is on medication and is sick. Also he can't remember when he signed any documents.	Contract Questions,Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Does company own rights to materials submitted by site users? Our company publishes content submitted by our users on our social networking website to attract like-minded users.  Because it has been voluntarily submitted to our site, does our company own the rights to the work?	Business Internet Questions,Consumer Internet Questions,Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	New York
What to include in Private Placement Memorandum? I am about to begin raising a second round from angels. How much am I required to include in a PPM? What specifically needs to be included beyond the obvious, and how much should this cost with a law firm? I presently am a client with one but chose to pose this question here first. It seems to me that there would be boilerplates for this and if so, how might I obtain one?	Private Equity Law Questions	California
How can I protect the name of my non-profit organization?  How can I protect the name of my non-profit organization? Should I trademark or service mark the name?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Pennsylvania
Can exercises be copyrighted?  I want to produce a facial exercise video using another's person's exercises.  Is that legal? None	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Internet Questions,Internet Law Questions,Video Questions	Texas
Would LLC or Inc be better for Brazilian subsidiary in US? We are a startup funded by venture capital in Brazil and we will have to create a subsidiary in US to support our operations.So, what would be better: Inc or LLC?Incorporate a subsidiary in Delaware for instance or in the state that we want to have a presence. We were thinking about CA or NY?The plan is to get funded in US in the future. Ao probably, at this time, we should become an American company. Would the answer to the last question support this operation in the future?	International Business Law Questions,Internet Questions	New York
Can one allow specific relative to obtain death certificate once deceased? How does one stop any relative or only allow a specific relative to obtain his death certificate once he is deceased?	Antitrust Law Questions	Pennsylvania
What are risks of filing provisional patent application without lawyer? Should we use a lawyer to file a provisional patent application?  If we choose not to, what are the risks?	Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions	North Carolina
What can you do if someone sends you a bill that you know nothing about and the company that sent it to you and knows nothing about it either? What can you do if someone sends you a bill that you know nothing about and the company that sent it to you and knows nothing about it either?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is the value of incorporating if my accountant is suing me personally for work done for my corporation? My accountant is suing me personally for work done for my corporation.  Can this be right, or what is the value of incorporating?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Under what conditions is a start-up co-founder excluded from US Minimum Wage Laws? Under what conditions is a start-up co-founder excluded from US Minimum Wage Laws?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Reviewing sales agreement and technical consulting partner agreement. I need to have a sales agreement and technical consulting partner agreement reviewed for my company. We are not US based, but in Singapore; however, my understanding is that the basic principles of common law apply in both jurisdictions. I am interested in receiving quotations for the 2 reviews.	Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Partnership Questions	Massachusetts
Which state to file small claims if parties in different states? Hello,I am looking to file a suit in small claims court against a company in Kansas; I reside in NH.  I have a signed contract with the company and they have breached the contract.Could you please tell me in which state I should/can file?Thank you for your help!	Consumer Questions,Litigation Law Questions	New Hampshire
Can my partner file an Aos process for my 15 year old son to get the green card or employment authorization and what forms do we have file? Hi, I married a U.S. citizen 2 years ago and we filed the Aos process but when we went to the interview uscis denied it and some months later I received a removal proceedings appointment to go to the court on June. Can my partner file an Aos process for my 15 year old son to get the green card or employment authorization and what forms do we have file?	Immigration Questions	New York
In small claims court if the summons could not be delivered to the defendant, can my case still be heard? In small claims court if the summons could not be delivered to the defendant, can my case still be heard?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
Can I do medical bankruptcy if ex-husband's whereabouts unknown? I am divorced don't know where my ex is. He had lots of medical bills and they are on my credit report. Can I do a medical bankruptcy even though I don't know where he is?	Bankruptcy Questions,Family Questions	North Dakota
Need lawyer for trademark infringement by other companies. I am looking for a lawyer to help us to protect our Trademark.  We produce a magazine as well as a conference and wesite under this mark. There are several companies out there now that I believe are violating our trademank and need your help in stopping them.  They are offering subscriptions to their service.  They are in the same field as we are.	Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Illinois
Is it legal for the leasing manager to remove me if I'm staying with my boyfriend in the same apartment complex? I was evicted from my apartment on Friday due to financial hardship which lead to failure to pay rent. I am temporarily residing with my boyfriend, who lives in the same apartment complex. Our leasing manager posted a notice on his door today stating "I have been told by many residents that" myself "is living in your apartment. She is not allowed at [Property's name] Apartments. If she is reported to your unit again, I will call the police." Please tell me if he has a legal right to try to remove me.	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Breaking lease under company name when EIN is my SSN. I am breaking a lease/closing the company. The lease is under the company name but when the lease was signed the company did not exist yet and did not have an EIN so the EIN is my social security number. If they decide to go after the money for the remainder who is liable me or the company?	Commercial Questions,Leasing Questions	Georgia
Can I resell Hershey kisses in party favor bags? I want to make party favor bags for weddings and parties and include in the bags Hershey kisses candy and want to sell it for profit. Is it legal to resell the Hershey kisses in my party bags?	Advertising Law Questions,Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Copyright Questions	Indiana
Help with collection agencies suing for non-payment? My collection agency was (sold) to another collection agency, which I am currently paying. However, the first collection agency is now trying to sue me for nonpayment.  The second collection agency is saying to ignore them because they no longer have my account.  I am not sure who to believe or what to do.  The second collection agency that I am now paying, also said, If I settle, that is enough proof that I have paid, and the first agency can't ask or come after me for anything.  I need help?	Consumer Questions	New York
My company is sole owner LLC w/ 1099 contractors, & an executed friends-&-family round (convertible note). I'd like to offer equity to contractors, & we are not in financial position (i.e. we're very cash constrained) to pay for the drawing up of a company equity plan. (detail in section following) I'm hoping to draft a 1-2 page LOI for staff/contractors identifying intent of equity distribution in advance of us having an equity plan. What would you include in/exclude from such a document? I haven't been able to find a template or discussion of similar, but this is the direction we need to go. Thoughts? Recommendations appreciated.	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Private Equity Law Questions,Securities Questions,Venture Capital Questions	Pennsylvania
Question about S-corp and hiring consultants? I am starting an S-corp and have two people helping me as consultants. As I do not have sufficient money to pay them and they do not want to invest in the company, we agreed on profit sharing as a compensation scheme for the first year. Now I am wondering what we do for the next year. Probably having them as shareholders with decent salary would make sense (on condition that they did good job) but how to stipulate it in an initial agreement? What is a reasonable % shares should they get and how much are they paying? How specific should this agreement be? Any good scheme otherwise? Any good framework? Thank you.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Users post copyrighted materials on company's social networking website. Users on our company's social networking site are posting movies, music, pictures and other copyrighted material on my website, despite our company's efforts to remove them when we become aware of it. Is our company liable for copyright infringement because of the postings and what can we do to minimize our liability?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Internet Questions	Illinois
How to franchise restaurant in California? I want to franchise my restaurant in California.  What needs to be done?  How long will it take to prepare the documents?  How much money will it cost to prepare all the documents?	Corporate Questions,Franchises & Franchising Questions	California
Finding lawyer for representation in suit against college. Im trying to find a lawyer to represent me in a suit against my college that I attended. I'm not sure what category that would be in...	Education Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Arizona
Is advisor referring investor to company legal? My goal is to hire an adviser/s to be a part of our company. This adviser will primarily have duties unrelated to investor introductions, such as financial, legal, industry, operations, sales, etc. A part of their expected contribution is to make introductions to investors. We want to raise capital.If the following occurs, are my company and the adviser legally compliant?Adviser:Gets $5000 in stock upfront, regardless of outcome of introduction.Agrees to render services and make 20 introductions, with long standing contacts.Is accredited and/or sophisticated.Does not warrant validity, valuation etcDoes not act as a financial adviser or carries out negotiations in any way.Does not regularly solicit investors.	Consulting Law Questions,Private Equity Law Questions,Securities Questions	California
Would it be an appropriate time to start thinking about drafting a will? I am wondering when it would be an appropriate time to start thinking about drafting a last will and testament sample.  I am 34 and just got married last year, had our first son, and just bought a house.  Being 34 (still relatively young), I shutter to think about if anything were to happen to me.  But because I have responsibilities to my wife and my son, would it make sense for me to start thinking about drafting a will? Or should I wait a couple years when my son is older and our family is a little bigger (e.g. another child)?	Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Questions,Criminal Questions,Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Labor commissioner threatens to cancel appeal if bond not paid. My employee won a decision or award from labor commissioner. I appealed the decision and the commissioner sent me a letter stating that if I don't pay the bond they will ask the court to cancel the appeal. What should I do?	Appellate Practice Questions,Employment Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
My wife and I have formed an LLC in OH this year to protect ourselves in case of an accident. We only rcv product from 1 vendor, who we've been representing for 12 years. The contract is still in her name, not the LLC.   Does  that affect the legality of our LLC in the eyes of the courts?	Contract Questions,Corporate Questions	Ohio
How to find out if there is clear title and potential to restructure? My Wells Fargo Home Mortgage was sold to Lehman Brothers, who block loan restructure. Some mortgages ended up with dummy banks (e.g. Aurora Bank) with no clear title to homes so owners cannot sell. How does one find out whether there is clear title and potential to restructure?I know of a family with a Wells Fargo mortgage who were forced out of their home, which now stands vacant. Is this is evidence of unclear title preventing sale? How does one find out?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Does allowing neighbor to put mailbox on property create easement or encumbrance? One of my PA neighbors (Mrs. Smith) recently allowed another neighbor (Mr. Jones) to put a mailbox on her property.  The USPS is delivering mail to this box.  Has this created an easement or other encumbrance on Mrs. Smith's property?  What if the box falls over and injures someone - is she liable?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Possible for my boyfriend, who's in law school, to get a court order to review my text messages? I would like to if it's possible for my boyfriend who's in law school to get a court order to review my text messages? The t-mobile account is in his in name.	Consumer Questions	California
Is it legal to use free wallpaper image if not supplied letter of copyright? I signed up for a design firm that made a great cover for my book. However it came from a free wallpaper image. I am not sure that I can use it as they are unable to supply me with a letter of copyright.  The firm changed the image somewhat but I believe to be not enough.  I have tried to contact the free wallpaper company directly but they are a blanket umbrella company and cannot get in touch with anyone directly (but they do have a site to lodge complaints). I really want to use this image as my book should have gone into production yesterday and it will take several weeks to redesign it plus it works really great. Please advise.	Advertising Law Questions,Copyright Questions	Pennsylvania
If I'm paying 40% in child support to my ex and she is re-married, will I be required to pay daycare expenses? If I'm paying 40% in child support to my ex-wife and she is re-married and now is going back to work will I be required to pay half of related day care expenses?	Family Questions	California
My new tentants continually send their rent in late. Our rental agreement states that the rent is due on the 1st of the month. I forgot to add a late fee charge in the lease. Can I amend/change the contract to include the late fee now? Is a verbal warning enough (legal) to charge the tenants a fee? None	Leasing Questions	California
How much to demand for injury and repairs in car accident? I was in a car accident and got whiplash. This occurred in CA, 2 months ago- not my fault, hit from behind. The opposition insurance company wants me to sign the papers. I went to the doctors twice for the whiplash, car rental, and replaced my back bumper. How much should I demand? Best, Jeff.	Administrative Law Questions,California Questions,Consumer Questions,Legal Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Personal Injury Questions	California
How to cancel LLC in California without fee. how can i cancel an LLC that i have formed as of November of last year without paying the $800 fee.i havent been able to send the $20 either to register with the franchise tax board.i have a business account that witnessed one check deposit and several personal check deposits and eventually debited the entire amount for personal needs.	Administrative Law Questions,California Questions,Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	California
Ex-employee expected to return partially paid bonus in full. Start with company X and signed travel reimbursement form. Company X would give me 5000 but I would have to work for 2 years. Time came to pay the 5000 but instead of giving me 5000 they gave me a bonus of 5000/tax deductible. I received 3600, and have recently quit. now they want the full 5000If we were to go to court, what do you think the outcome would be? I signed travel remi form but received a bonus	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Tax Questions	Texas
Pediatric Negligence and Fraud My grandmother is very sickly and was her own power of attorney. Her son secretly took her from the hospis facility to change the documents when she was recovering from the stroke which is a major head injury. She could not even speak nor sign documents but he got her to change it to his honor while she had no knowledge of it. Now that she is doing better she does not even remember the event, and says she would have never permitted it ever. She says she wants to change this back immediately and I do not know the next step to take against her son which seems like he is trying to steal. Overall she is against it and she was taken without her last will and testament sample nor recollection of the event. Could we sue him for this?	Personal Injury Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
I've applied for Safe Harbor certification, but am getting errors back from export.gov.

What's the proper channel to go through to get certified for Safe Harbor? None	Corporate Questions,International Business Law Questions,International Trade Questions,Internet Questions	California
What is the best way to pay them their shares without making them employees? I have an LLC. I have three consultants working for me. I have agreed to pay them 4% equity each, vesting over a three year period.  The business is a website start up that won't go live for another 6 months.  What is the best way to pay them their shares without making them employees?	Contract Questions,Employment Questions,Securities Questions,Tax Questions	California
Can aunt sell condo bequeathed to me without permission? My grandmother passed away.  She put me on her last will and testament sample for the condo to get passed down to my brother and I. My aunt sold the condo without are permission.  Can the aunt do that?	Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is it legal if I was fired from my job 5 months ago and have yet to receive my finale paycheck? I was fired from my job 5 months ago and have yet to receive my finale paycheck for earned vacation for the year. Is there anything I can do and is that even legal?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Do I need to let boyfriend see daughter before going to court if he signed birth certificate? Hi I have a question about custody. My boyfriend signed my daughter's birth certificate and until we go to court and do a DNA test, do I legally have to let him see her if we havent been to court yet?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can I get fired for not wanting to sign a new company policy? Can I get fired for not wanting to sign a new company policy?	Employment Questions	California
Can a sponsored relative who has his green card goes back to their country, can they come back in? I have sponsored a relative. The relative has his green card. He has been here almost 5 months, and now wishes to go back to their country. If he stays out more than 30 days, can they come back in?	Immigration Questions	Florida
How to avoid being sued by employees over termination issues? We're having termination issues at a small early-stage start-up and our employees are threatening to sue the company. What are the best practices we should follow to help us avoid being sued by our employees in the future?	Employment Questions	California
Can I send a personal letter to the courts and my husband's lawyer stating this fact or do I have to send in lots of forms with it? I have 20 to respond to my husbands dissolution of marriage but am not currently in a financial position to secure a lawyer. Can I send a personal letter to the courts and my husband's lawyer stating this fact or do I have to send in lots of forms with it?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is will made for first marriage null and void if I divorce? I made a last will and testament sample when I was married and my husband would get everything if I go first. We are now divorced and I am remarried. Do I need to undo this will or is it null and void cause he is no longer my husband?	Family Questions,Legal Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Questions about start-up? I am looking at becoming a seed investor in a very early stage start-up.  I have worked through all the deal terms, but have a couple of questions before I feel comfortable proceeding:-  How do I limit my personal liability and protect myself as an investor and/or board member?  If the company is a C-Corp, what do I need to do to make sure I'm not exposing myself personally?  Is there some specific language I should have in the stock purchase agreement?  - Should I be making the investment under my personal name, or should I be setting up some investment entity (single member LLC to something else) as the vehicle to make the investment? Thanks.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
If you have received a ticket for an expired tag in Florida, can they pull you ever again for the same reason before going to court? If you have received a ticket for an expired tag in Florida, can they pull you ever again for the same reason before going to court?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Legal for my lawyer to represent me and one of my co-defendants? My lawyer represented me and one of my co-defendants. Isn't that illegal?	Criminal Questions	California
Why do I have to reveal assets and debts when signing prenuptial? My fiance asked me to sign a prenuptial. He also wants me to fill out a schedule of assets and debts. Why do I have to reveal my assets and debts?	Family Questions	California
Will typos cause any more problems in the will for my daughter's future? We just received our last will and testament samples and power of attorneys . In reading over the documents I found typos. The main concern is that our daughter's last name has been mispelled in all areas. An "i" was placed where an "e" should be. Will this cause any problems for her in the future? Thank you Delores Wilson djw22109@gmail.com	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I take off 2 hours after working 45 hours in one week for personal reasons? I am exempt.  I work about 45 to 50 hours a week.  Can I take off 2 hours after working 45 hours in one week for personal reasons?	Employment Questions	California
What can we do to remove a non-performing partner as an owner? We have C-Corp with 3 owners. My husband and I are 70% combined and my father-in-law joined us 3 years after. We gave him 30% ownership. We have had MANY issues with him and he has had personal medical issues for almost 4 years and nonexistent in the business. He could care less except to receive and profits available. We have standard bylaws and we want to buy him out but he won't unless we give him an irrational amount. What can we do to remove him as an owner? We started the business and run the business without him for efficiently. We have had 2 business evaluations.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What happens when the LLC is forfeited? A coworker solicited me to start a Delaware LLC for the finance industry, I later found out he had a history of fraud and was barred by the SEC/Finra. We signed a "partnership agreement" under NYS law. The agreement never mentions "LLC" or "member" and instead always refers to "partners" and a "partnership" in the same name as the LLC, but without the "LLC" part. It doesn't specify the ability to withdraw. Later on, he went on to use the LLC/EIN to apply for license in another industry, admitting another memberinto the LLC, all without my knowledge or consent. He agreed to dissolve verbally but later changed his mind when asked to sign paperwork to dissolve or allow me to withdraw. What happens when the LLC is forfeited?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions	New York
What disclosures do I need to give to investors when raising a convertible debt seed round? I am raising a convertible debt seed round for my startup.  I am offering different caps on the investments based on how early in the round investors participate.  What disclosures should do I need to give investors?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
is there a law in California that protects small companies against big companies?  is there a law in California that protects small companies against big companies? I am a distributor for a big company but i am afraid they can take their product away from us anytime. Once we do all the legwork and open the distribution channel how can I protect myself?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
how long does it take a permanent resident to get his green card after arrival in the States? how long does it take a permanent resident to get his green card after arrival in the States?	Immigration Questions	Virginia
How do I answer a foreclosure notice without a lawyer? How do I answer a foreclosure notice without a lawyer? I plan on getting one, but NEED to answer the notice TODAY. It was delivered by a Sheriff and is a civil complaint for mortgage delinquency.	Bankruptcy Questions,Finance Questions,Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How to get legal custody of my child? How to get legal custody of my child?	Family Questions	California
Question regarding unpaid invoices? I'm contract worker and do work mainly for 1 company.  However, they owe me around $12,000.00 in unpaid invoices.  They keep promising and promising, but the payments they make are only $300.00 here $400.00 there. I want to get my money now, what are your suggestions?	Employment Questions	California
Can my boss fire me if i report him to labor board for screwing me on my overtime? Can my boss fire me if i report him to labor board for screwing me on my overtime?	Employment Questions	California
I'm working alone on a web start-up I outsourced that is almost complete. I was looking into required legal services. I'm located in PA and wanted to get incorporated in DE. What are general costs for things such as Trademarks/Copyrights, IP, or other important things for a lean web start-up?	Corporate Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions,Web Application Development Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I get a green card through marriage to a US citizen? How can I get a green card through marriage to a US citizen?	Immigration Questions	01
I am a US citizen and I want to marry a Canadian Citizen. How can we remedy this? I am a US citizen and I want to marry a Canadian Citizen. We are both medical students rotating in Chicago, IL, due to this my girlfriend can not go back to Canada. Do you have any advice on how to approach this situation?	Immigration Questions	Illinois
I contracted a photographer who subcontracted another photograher to assist her.  The subcontracted posted the pictures on her website without my permission.  Do I have any legal rights?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Privacy Questions	Maryland
Can I claim IP rights by mailing idea to myself? I have developed a method for implementing certain software (i.e. the idea, workings, and mathematical models) and put them in a sealed package, then mailed it to myself, thus dating it through the government.  Can I claim IP rights and thus sue over infringement or do i need a patent?	Patent Questions	Florida
Can company ask independent contractor to sign non-compete? If I am working as an independent contractor, can a company I work for ask me to sign a non-compete?	Administrative Law Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Employment Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Oregon
Sister spent mother and siblings' share of father's estate. My sister is over my father's estate and spent all the money to which my mother and my other siblings' were entitled to fifty percent. They have not gotten anything. What can be done?	Administrative Law Questions,Contract Questions,Family Questions	South Carolina
Choosing corporation versus limited liability company? My startup wants to choose a corporate entity, but we're not sure which one we should select.  We'll want a corporate entity that will provide us the most control, but will not be too difficult to set up. Should we choose a corporation or a limited liability company?	Corporate Questions	California
Common terms to be included in revenue sharing agreements? Our web-based company wishes to enter into a strategic partnership agreement with another web-based company. The agreement shall include a mutual revenue sharing component based on revenue generated by traffic from the other party's site. What are common terms that should be included in such an agreement to ensure that there are objective and enforceable standards to determine revenue?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Internet Law Questions	California
Are invitation to mutual combat and mutual combat crimes? In California, is an invitation to a mutual combat and mutual combat a crime?	Criminal Questions	California
Can I apply for citizenship if I've been living here for 3 1/2 years, and have 4 1/2 married + perm greencard? i've been living here for 3 1/2 years, and have 4 1/2 married + perm greencard. can i apply for citizenship?	Immigration Questions	California
How can for-profit business accept donations? I'd like to accept donations from the public through our website. The issue is that we are a FOR-profit business, not a NON-profit organization. What are the regulations and laws pertaining to for-profit businesses accepting donations? I'm sending each donor a small gift as a thank you.	Business Internet Questions,Internet Questions,Internet Law Questions,Legal Questions,Tax Questions	New Jersey
Can my landlord evict me for no reason?	Leasing Questions	Massachusetts
Nevada LLC conducting business in California. Hi, I recently formed a Nevada LLC developing iPhone applications headquartered in Los Angeles, California. I formed a Nevada LLC because of their tax advantages over California corporations but when I tried to open up a business bank account in California, the bank told me that I need a statement from either a lawyer or a CPA saying that the company is not "doing business" in California.Is my LLC (making iPhone applications and distributing it through the App Store) considered to be "doing business" in California? If yes, what can I do to open up a business account in California?	California Questions,Corporate Questions	California
Possible for us to legally get married in USA before the divorce case is settled? i am an Indian citizen currently residing in USA and is a green card holder. I am an unmarried female living with my partner. My partner is also an Indian citizen residing in USA on H1 Visa. My partner was married once and is going through a divorce for the past 3 years in India. These are my questions1. Is it possible for us to legally get married in USA before the divorce case is settled?2. If not, is there a way (through common law relationship or something) by which he can be a conditional greencard holder through me?Request your advice at the earliest	Immigration Questions	California
How can I marry my fiance here if her passport expire 2 years a go?  I'm an American citizen. How can I marry my fiance here if her passport expire 2 years a go? We tried going to town hall but was rejected because of her passport.	Immigration Questions	New York
Where can I go to get my will notarized? I just need to have my last will and testament template notarized.  Where can I go?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Is there a way I can access my trust funds if my parents say I can't? I have a trust fund through my family that was set up by my grandparents who have passed away. I am 29 years old and have been told by my parents that I am unable to control the money until they say so. I am trying to find out if there is any truth to this or if I'm capable of controlling it now.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
How much does it cost if I want to register a trademark a name for Software Application? Hi I want to register a trademark a name for Software Application. Please let me know what is needed and cost involved.Let me know any additional question.Kind Regards Jose Perales	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	07
Do I need to incorporate my business first or can I obtain the permit as an individual? I am looking to obtain a reseller permit for my business. Do I need to incorporate my business first, or can I obtain the permit as an individual initially?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions	California
Can we say the full amount given of contribution is tax-deductible? My 501(c)(3) non-profit is holding a fundraiser by silent auction. When we send our record of contribution letter to high bidders can we say the full amount given is tax-deductible or only the amount in excess of the value of the item auctioned? We are receiving conflicting advice. Any IRS-based guidance on this would be welcome. Thanks!	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	19
Am I eligible to file an S corp election? I perform my work through a single-member California LLC, currently taxed as a pass-through sole proprietorship. Am I eligible to file an S corp election so that I can pay myself a reasonable salary (income tax rate) and issue distributions (lower tax rate)? Are there scenarios in which filing an S election would actually increase my taxes?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	California
My co-founder and I have added a member to our startup (an L.L.C.) for <5% stake.  What sort of contract would the new member have to sign?  Would it be a founder's agreement (although our new teammate is not a founder)?	Consumer Internet Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Employment Questions,Internet Questions,Partnership Questions	Maryland
What are pros and cons of forming LLC versus corporation? I am looking to form a new non-profit organization in California and apply for the federal 501 c 3 tax exemption status. What are the pros and cons of forming a LLC vs. a Corporation?The non-profit will have mainly an online service (website)	California Questions,Corporate Questions,Information Technology Questions,Tax Questions	California
Can a company that you no longer work for print and use your recipes?	Copyright Questions,Employment Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Colorado
Husband and I took home study program, found out it was scam. My husband and I took courses through a home study program and now found out it was a scam. How do we get out of it? After doing some research I found out the institution is not accredited and anything obtained from them will not be accepted by employers.	Education Questions,Financial Questions	New York
Do I need to form an LLC or can I make a business name for online? If I'm starting an online business, specifically a web design company, do I need to form an LLC or can I just make a business name up?	Corporate Questions	New Jersey
Are there potential legal/IP consequences if startup employees use own computers/laptops? If a startup asks its employees to use their own computers/laptops to save cost, are there any potentially negative legal / IP consequences?Just wondering if there are any potentially negative consequences like the company losing intellectual property or trade secret rights or if there are any HR/ benefits laws around this practice. This is a C Corp based in CA.	California Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trade Secret Questions	California
Contractor's payment stopped on check. I completed work for a contractor for three months and the contractor still hasn't paid me in full. They recently gave me a check and I deposited it three days later but payment was stopped on check. What are my rights?	California Questions,Construction Law Questions	California
If a Defendant never sets foot in CA, but exchanges emails, makes phone calls, and sends one sample of material (iron ore) via mail (from CO) to the Plaintiff in CA, does this CA resident have sufficient contacts to satisfy personal jurisdiction?	Business Internet Questions,California Questions,Consulting Law Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
How to get LLC operating agreement reviewed for fairness and revisions? I'm working with a startup that is organized as an LLC operating agreement. I've been offered a percentage of the company to join as a founder. The operating agreement is heavily biased in favor of the existing, single founder but he's open to changes to make the arrangement more fair. The operating agreement is about 25 pages and I'm finding that I need a comprehensive review of the document by someone who can highlight potential problem areas, and suggest/draft revisions.First, how do I find that person, and second, how much should I expect it cost? - Bill	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Employment Questions	New Jersey
Are companies required to tell independent contractors the gross revenue upon request? As a independent contractor, I get 80 percent of the gross revenue for the deliveries. The problem is I don't know what the gross revenue is. By law, if I write and ask them do they have to tell me?	Contract Questions	Minnesota
I have a product idea. What would the first steps be to protect my idea (patent, TM etc.)?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trade Secret Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Pros and cons for incorporating bootstrapping information technology start-up? For incorporating a bootstrapping information technology start-up:a. What is the  better option: LLC or C Corp (converting to S Corp)?b. Is there something else that can be done to save money? c. Can an LLC be easily converted to a C-Corp?d. What kind of a corporation structure do investors favor?	California Questions,Corporate Questions,Information Technology Questions,Legal Questions	California
If I don't have a patent on my idea, will a non-disclosure protect me? Patent question: If I don't have a patent on my idea, will a non-disclosure or non-compete protect me in any way shape or form? My point is what is to stop this "third party" that I tell my idea to from telling their friends to patent it before I do? If that makes sense.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
I want to trademark my company name Fish Geeks LLC. If a business is operating under a name that is not a registered trademark, can I register for a service mark under that name?	Trademark Questions	Minnesota
Would it be a breach of copyright laws if we use cartoon characters for out tumbling center? We are going to open a Trampoline and Tumbling center and would like to draw characters like Sponge Bob, Dora the Explorer, Elmo etc. on the walls of our Preschool area. Would that be a breach of the copyright laws?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Can I make crafts that resemble copyrighted characters as long as I don't claim them officially? I am a craftswoman. Can I make crafts that resemble copyrighted characters as long as I don't claim that what I made is an official character and is supported by nick Jr or Disney? Also I don't mass produce, I only make items with themes that are one of a kind.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
How do we know if we should purchase a trademark and what steps would we take to begin this process? We own a small business and our business name is not yet trademarked... How do we know if we should purchase a trademark and what steps would we take to begin this process?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Pennsylvania
What are the legal ramifications of using a logo from a college or university on a blanket, quilt, etc. to sell for profit? What are the legal ramifications of using a logo from a college or university on a blanket, quilt, etc. to sell for profit?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	North Carolina
Can I be sued for tortuous interference if I report IP infringement to Facebook? I have a small start-up web site that owns a trademark "The Perfect Gift." A large co. has recently launched an ad campaign titled "The Perfect Gift" for their Christmas show.  I offered license the trademark but they refused and threatened to sue me if I report an infringement of IP to Facebook. My LLC company owns the only LIVE trademark registration on "The Perfect Gift" even though there are many other variations and phrases which include the words "Perfect" and "Gift".The Facebook terms of use state that a user (the large company) is not using the IP of others (my trademark "The Perfect Gift". If I ask Facebook to look at their page for IP infringement could I be sued for tortuous interference?	Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	California
What are my rights on how to handle a miscommunication on contracts? My business sells a product to this other business. My 17-year-old son makes a delivery to this business. Unknown to me the owner of this business have my son sign a contract which I never found out about until the demand for the product became to great and I could not supply this business any more with the product needed, when it was need and the price that they always paid per the requirements of the contract in accord with an implied duty of good faith and fair dealing which was due to an ongoing business relationship. I ask what contract they're talking about and I was fax over a sign copy which was sign by my son which I know nothing about. What are my rights on how to handle such a situation?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Wish to buy the assets of another start-up company when we are a small start-up? We are a small start-up company wishing to buy the assets of another start up company. We have agreed on the structure and payments. Can you help us prepare the document?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
Where can I download a legal document for an agreement between a sales rep? I need an agreement between a sales rep and myself.  Where can I download a legal document?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What is the best way to allocate equity and deal with other situations? I am involved in a start-up and we're not sure how to allocate everyone's equity.  Right now it is simply based on $, if we have $10,000 and someone put in $1,000 of that he would own 10% of the company.  My question is what is the best way to allocate equity and deal with other situations like if other investors come in or if one of the current founders wants to put in more money should that founders % go up? What is the best way to allocate everyone's equity as well as handle new investors coming in as well as handle how everyone's % gets diluted (or if they should not be diluted). Thanks!	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
How to protect original works when submitting to companies? Greetings:My wife and I want to start a business where we author marketing slogans and jingles for commercial retail businesses in many categories.  So how can we submit our original works to companies and be sure they can't steal and use our work without paying us?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
Should I get an attorney to help with filing for a Trademark? Should I get an attorney to help with filing for a Trademark? I'm on an extremely tight like still in my kitchen but hope to lease a space within the next 8 months type of budget.	Copyright Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Virginia
Would like to keep our company name while selling to the US market but we are in the UK? Trademark issue: I own a small company in the UK and we are starting our company here in the US as well under the same name, but we just discovered that a large multinational company has a similar subsidiary name and sells some of the same type of products we plan on selling. We have a trademark in the EU, but not the US yet. Our UK attorneys believe that there is a 50/50 chance of being legally approached by the company. We would like to keep our company name while selling to the US market, but it is unclear of the odds of legal action in the US.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
How to file manufacturing startup? Hi, I am starting up a manufacturing company and I need to file my company.  Not sure which way to file (LLC, S Corp?)   I will be manufacturing customer's designs that could have previously been copyrighted.  I want to protect my personal assets if there was a lawsuit on my company.  Thanks	Copyright Questions,Corporate Questions	Illinois
How do I develop terms of use and a privacy policy for my website?  How do I develop terms of use and a privacy policy for my website?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
How does a music license work?  How does a music license work? After I get it can I use any song I want? What if bmi and ascpa do not have a song that I want to use? Like a remix? It's for my dance fitness class.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Virginia
Question regarding invention idea and I have one company designing a 3D prototype? Hello, I have an invention idea and I have one company designing a 3D prototype and another wants me to pay 700.00 to begin patent search and engineer advice. Its Invent SAI. I am so confused on who I can trust and after reading all the scams, I'm just weary. ANY ADVICE would be great. I know we all say I have a great idea, but I truly feel my idea will help save lives as well as money. Thanks	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Wisconsin
How can I get a green card? How can I get a green card?	Immigration Questions	01
How will my visit to England affect my being a permanent resident of the US? Im currently a legal permanent resident of the US but want to go back home to England to visit for a year.  My 13-year-old son will remain here in the US with his father who I am no longer married to.  How will this affect my being a permanent resident of the US?	Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
Can I get paid for my efforts and my share in the company etc? I am a F1-student due in course to complete my PhD. I'm toying an idea of starting a business with American citizens as my partners. I will get my fair share in the partnership and will play a major role in setting up the company. What are the legality issues involved? Can I get paid for my efforts, my share in the company etc?	Immigration Questions	Texas
I am looking to setup a small angel fund ($5 to $10mm) for investing in tech start-ups. What is the best structure for the company/fund? Goals are to minimize legal and accounting costs, but also do not expect to raise all the money before launching the fund.	Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Financial Questions,Venture Capital Questions	New York
Documents required for seed/angel round of financing If a company wants to keep costs down, what are the basic required documents for a first round (seed/angel) of financing?  If investors have signed off on the business plan, is a PPM required?  Should one include Risk Factors as an Exhibit to the Purchase Agreement?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Securities Questions	California
Is it legal to sell brand name replicas with logo on online site? I have an online retail business. Can I legally use a supplier that has replicas of name brand items and advertise those products on my site if the replicas look very closely like the real brand products and have the logo? I also have the website for the products in question so that you can examine.	Business Internet Questions,Copyright Questions,LawPivot Questions,Legal Questions,Product Liability Questions	Alabama
What would be the fastest way to shut down a clone site with a .org extension? We recently discovered that the clone site of our company was opened, using the same name, and almost the same pictures and texts, but extension is .ORG instead of ours .COM.  Does the sites with ORG extension have rights to charge clients, and what would be the fastest way to shut them down?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Illinois
What is best legal definition for small tech business on college campus? I am starting a small tech business on a college campus with two additional co-founders. What is the best legal definition for the business? Should we form a general partnership and then when the business takes off convert into a corporation? Or should we just start out as a corporation?	Business Internet Questions,Corporate Questions	North Carolina
Is it legal to incorporate in Delaware if not living there? I have an ecommerce site and plan to do business with people all over the world.  I live in Rhode Island, but my website is hosted in Texas.  I want to incorporate in Delaware because it's inexpensive and Delaware has favorable business laws. Would that be ok?  Would I be in better legal standing if I hosted my ecommerce site on a server physically located in Delaware?  What state should I file my taxes for my business?	eCommerce Law Questions,Internet Questions,Internet Law Questions	Massachusetts
Hello !  I want to register a website name www.usparivar.org. Do I need to take permission from govt. before I get this site registered?	Internet Law Questions,Web Application Development Questions,Web Design Development Questions	New Jersey
Does hypnosis development need copyright? I developed a way to do healing hypnosis over the internet using skype - I teach this development at the hypnosis school where I am employed.  I now need to know if I need a copyright on my development?	Copyright Questions,Internet Law Questions	New Mexico
Former employer will not say why I was let go. I sent several emails to a former employer asking why I was let go without response until they said they will sue me if I continue.  I sent one final email after that. Can they sue?I did not threat anything in my emails or call names. I just asked why and stated my side.	Corporate Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Texas
How to have actions dismissed with prejudice? I have sued the tenants who have destroyed my house/property for damages, and their attorney has counter-sued me for thousands of dollars.  Now the former tenants have fled the state.  How can I have these actions dismissed with prejudice?Can I file under NC Rule 41, or is there a better way to have this dismissed so the former tenants will not surface sometime in the next several years and claim any money from me?	Leasing Questions,Litigation Law Questions	North Carolina
What is the life of a patent? None	Patent Questions	California
What is best way for startup to structure compensation for board of advisors? What is the best way for a Startup to structure compensation to its Board of Advisors? Do each usually get equal compensation, or is it common practice to have each member compensated differently depending on how active they are?	Clean Tech/Green Tech Questions,Executive Compensation Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trade Secret Questions	California
What is tax liability on founders of new LLC receiving angel investment? I am forming a new company and receiving an Angel investment of $100,000 for 10% of this new company. It's a tech startup. We're also transferring some IP from my old company over. I will have 90% of the new company.My Q: I have been told I will be responsible for $900,000 in taxes because I'm selling 10% of my new company away at $100,000 thus my 90% stake becomes worth $900,000. I'm the founder of the new company and I'm going to build a company here. But I don't have anything other than an idea + an early investor. I'll get taxed right out of business... Please advise.	Business Internet Questions,Corporate Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Tax Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
What first steps to take regarding patents and provisional patents? Seems like there is much debate on this and I was wondering what the exerts would say. I recently listened too  http://bit.ly/rfUPP9 "When Patents Attack" on NPR and as a pre-seed startup working to innovate and disrupt the startup launch  vehicle it's not me all thinking about getting my patents in... I am not a patent atty, I don't have a ton of cash, I recently raised about $50K and now have to balance out where I spend it... The entire legal system is the biggest bottleneck affecting startups.	Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	District of Columbia
I'm from Saudi Arabia and I'm interested in the booming startups and I would like to invest and maybe co-found some ideas in the US market. Is it possible to execute either way and what is required for me to do so (e.g. hire a lawyer to represent me in any investment in startups)?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,International Business Law Questions,International Trade Questions	California
I helped a friend start a tattoo shop in 8/2010. We parted ways and his shop didn't do well so he's offering it to me, but at a price. He had it for sale for $55k with no bites. His offer is $625 mo/40 mos totalling $30k, PLUS $5k down within 90 days. I doubt I can get funding. Is it a wise buy? What do I get when buying a business, just the name, clientelle and junk? The location isn't so good and it only made about $5k each month and that's with more artists than I would have.	California Questions,Commercial Questions,Financial Questions,Franchises & Franchising Questions,Partnership Questions	California
Can I bring 2 other people into sole member LLC? I recently formed a sole member LLC with the intention of bringing 2 others into the business gradually over the next few years. Now someone is telling me that I will have to form another LLC as a partnership. Which is correct? This LLC is in NY.	Corporate Questions,Partnership Questions,Tax Questions	New York
A friend and I started a small business. We made no money from it, I invested lots of money. The business no longer exist and I would like to know how do we dissolve this business. I am interested in another endeavor. Can I use the FEIN associated with the old business or do I apply for a new one?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Partnership Questions	Illinois
Is it a lawsuit if I got sick from a can of peanuts with a dead grasshopper in it? I purchased a can of peanut patch green boiled peanuts from a local dollar tree and after eating half of the can I found a large red dead grasshopper inside the can. I immediately got sick and had to go to the hospital. Is this a lawsuit?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Is wife entitled to cars in divorce if titles in husband's name? My husband and I own 2 cars. The titles to both cars are in his name. He told me if I take one of the cars to go to work, he will call the police and have me arrested for theft. We bought these while we were married. Can he do that? In our upcoming divorce, would I be entitled to one or both car?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions	Ohio
Can I be charged for taking someone's property but return? I took something from someone's home but returned it. Can I still be charged?	Criminal Questions	Florida
I live in Florida but was convicted for a DUI charge in MA. I got administrative probation, & the judge gave me written permission to travel between Florida and MA. When I returned home the probation officer issued a warrant for my arrest because I left the state. What can I do to fight this?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Is it legal to give money to a profit club, free and clear, if our non-profit club is dissolving? Our sportsman's club is dissolving (non profit) and we have several thousand dollars in the bank. Is it legal to give money to a profit club, free and clear?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding my dog biting a door to door salesman?  My dog bit a door to door salesman. He did not break skin but bruised his leg. He is asking I pay him his lost wages for the two days he was off work due to his leg hurting. If I refuse, can he sue me and if so are my dog and I in danger of serious repercussions?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Will medical bankruptcy stop wage garnishment by medical bill company? If a medical bill company garnishes my wages, will claiming medical bankruptcy stop the garnishment?	Bankruptcy Questions	Wisconsin
Is a will from the internet legal if notarized? Is a last will and testament template from the internet legal if notarized?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I dissolve my uncle's marriage for him when he's too lazy? My uncle doesn't have time to go to do all the paper work and that stuff. he wants to resolve his marriage. Can I do all that stuff for him?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can husband take child in divorce if wife not deemed unfit? My husband is in the Marine Corp and I am looking into divorce. I have 2 children of my own and one with him, he says he will take my son, but what is the possibility that can happen? I have done nothing to be deemed an unfit parent.	Family Questions	California
How to get greencard paperwork after overstaying tourist visa? Hi, I am 20 years old and I came in the US on a 6 months tourist visa. The thing is I am overstaying for past 2 years. How could i get paperwork for my greencard?	Immigration Questions	California
If a renter has a verbal month to month agreement, how long do they stay? If a property is being sold and a renter has a verbal month to month agreement, how long do they have to stay?	Real Estate Questions	California
In a child custody case, if a parent falsely accuses the other of smoking pot in front of the child and has the child tested, and after the accused parent is proven innocent of such accusations, can that parent file a suit against the one that made the false accusations?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Can my daughter sue a dog food company because the treats they have been selling are making dogs sick and dying due to renal failure?  Can my daughter sue a dog food company because the treats they have been selling are making dogs sick and dying due to renal failure?  There are many many comments about the very same thing.  She was giving him Wagon Train (Milo's Kitchen) chicken jerky treats.  They were the only ones he would eat.  He became sick mid February and he died on the 24th due to the kidney failure, he was only 5 years old, a gorgeous German Shepherd.  He was an indoor dog, he did his duty on a small section of our deck because we do not have a fenced in yard.  He was walked for exercise.  A week before he died he started showing signs that something was wrong.  Here is a link that might help.http://www.dogsnaturallymagazine.com/waggin-train-victims/	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is legal to charge a full month's rent when you moved in on the 11th? Is legal to charge a full month's rent when you moved in on the 11th?	Real Estate Questions	California
Are personal assets protected if I lease home through LLC? Are my personal assets protected if I lease a home through an LLC even if the home is still in my name?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
When you are served divorce papers and can't find a lawyer, can you call that you need more time? When you are served divorce papers and can't find a lawyer within the 20 days that they give you, can you call the lawyer and tell them you need more time to find a lawyer because you can't find one you can afford	Family Questions	California
Is it legal for a landlord to use her dead mother name to buy property and  rent to others under that name?  Is it legal for a landlord to use her dead mother name to buy property and  rent to others under that name?	Real Estate Questions	California
Any recommendations to pick a state where I can re-domicile my company? I incorporated my INC in the state of MD.  I am living in Manhattan and no longer maintain my MD address, so I need to re-domicile my company.  I would like to pick a state with low corporate tax liabilities and fees.For background: my company will import and sell products from overseas to customers across the U.S. Any recommendations?  Thank you!	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
Can you quit a job & still receive unemployment benefits for unfair working conditions? Can you quit a job & still receive unemployment benefits for unfair working conditions?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Setting up a sole proprietorship I am setting up a sole proprietorship in PA. I will be the only counselor. My name will be the title of the business, with the addition of a comma and "LPC" after my full name (denotes Licensed Professional Counselor). Do I need to fill out a "fictitious name" form? The State customer service said yes, yet the information on the website denotes not necessary. Also, how do I get a business entity number? If I'm a sole prop, do I need one? Thank you. DD	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New Jersey
Is there a law against landlords giving false information already 3 times to evict a tenant? Is there a law against landlords giving false information already 3 times to evict a tenant?	Real Estate Questions	California
If I left the USA for 4 months and come back can I still be able to get under the Obama new immigration law? If I left the USA for 4 months and come back can I still be able to get under the Obama new immigration law?	Immigration Questions	Alabama
If I'm a green card holder and my child is born in the U.S. she automatically becomes a U.S. citizen correct? If I'm a green card holder and my child is born in the U.S. she automatically becomes a U.S. citizen correct?	Immigration Questions	California
If I paint or photograph a person spotted in a public place, must I have permission from the person to display or sell the painting or photograph?	Copyright Questions	Florida
Can I copyright the photos I have on my website of my products? None	Copyright Questions	Vermont
Do I have to give the jumper I rented back to the person by law? I rented a jumper. The person came to pick it up two weeks after. Do I have to give it back to her by law?	Family Questions	California
Question regarding a year's lease but went back on the verbal agreement of rent? I have a year's lease on a house. After being here for 3 months the owner said since he was going to be losing the house we no longer had to pay rent we just had to pay our own utilities and the gardener and we have. This month we were asked to leave by the 27th and the landlord said we did not have a verbal agreement. So what do I do?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it legal to copy commercial VHS tapes we own onto a DVD? None	Copyright Questions	Arizona
In a separation process, if one spouse is against, can the other force the procedure? In a separation process, if one spouse is against, can the other force the procedure?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What am I supposed to do when I got a copy of the check proving I paid her a $1000 deposit and the landlord won't talk to me? I have a security deposit question. I paid $1000 security deposit, and paid my rent on time every month. I was away for months at a time, kept the apartment in immaculate condition, gave my landlord a written 30-day notice, and she has still not returned my security deposit. I only lived in the apartment for 8 months and it has now been 5 months since I've moved out. She never gave me a list of deductions from my security deposit, nor contacted me. When I asked her about it she said the deposit went to shampooing the carpets and painting the walls. Then she tried telling me that I only paid her a $500 deposit. When I got a copy of the check, proving I paid her a $1000 deposit, she won't talk to me. What am I supposed to do?	Real Estate Questions	California
Who has the rights of a video if two people make it? My friend and I filmed a webisode for Youtube. She edited half of it, and I edited the rest. After changing her mind a couple of times about posting it, she decided she was okay with me posting it. After I posted the video, she changed her mind again, and reported the video to youtube as copyright and they took it down. Does she have the right to do that? Do I have the right to put the video back up?	Copyright Questions	Minnesota
What will happen to credit card debt if I leave country? I have a credit card debt of $19K & I'm going back to my country. My social security is legal but I'm not. What are my options? If I leave without paying, what would happen if I come back in a few years?  Will they be able to collect money or my property overseas, if I eventually have them?How long is the bankruptcy process?  I assume Chapter 7 would be the right one.  I have no property, except for an old car.  I have one property under my name overseas and I'm planning on opening my own business there eventually. I only have a part time job, that's why I'm not able to stay.	Bankruptcy Questions	California
What is CA (Santa Clara County) court code 43470 and 434100 mean? What is CA (Santa Clara County) court code 43470 and 434100 mean?	Criminal Questions	California
I have a meeting with an investor for my idea, a service model that I have been doing but I am takin... I have a meeting with an investor for my idea, a service model that I have been doing but I am taking it to the next level with more options aka expansion on a new platform. I have an idea how the business process should work, what products we will deliver and how we charge for that "product" based on 10-year doing it. How do I copyright this "idea" BEFORE I speak with the investor next week? I am in Texas. I need his investment for expansion, given his background it could be a perfect fit but I don't want to lose my rights to this "idea", I don't even know if the partnership will end up happening. I am sending him an NDA of course. What else do I need?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
How many times can an individual file bankruptcy? How many times can an individual file bankruptcy?	Bankruptcy Questions	New York
How to pay contractor if full-time student and not business entity? I am single owner/operator of CA LLC. Primary business is financial research/ consulting. I am planning on hiring a contractor to build a website for the business. This will be a 1 time engagement payed on a project basis (NOT hourly). Contractor is a full time college student. Contractor does not have any business entity. Are there any particular requirements for paying contractor under these circumstances?	California Questions,Contract Questions,Employment Questions,Tax Questions,Technology Questions	California
Can I sue legal helper debt resolution company for not ever settling my home modification? Can I sue legal helper debt resolution company for not ever settling my home modification?	Bankruptcy Questions	Pennsylvania
law governing seizing creditor real estate in fed. bankruptcy court Where can I find law governing seizing real estate from creditor in a federal bankruptcy court?	Bankruptcy Questions,Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Are we responsible for dance tuition if child unable to go to classes? My daughter takes dance and is on a dance team.  We pay $250/month tuition.  She broke her ankle during a fire drill at school and cannot dance.  Her dance instructor said we still have to pay the $250 even though she is unable to dance and is not going to classes.   Are we responsible for the $250?	Contract Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Kentucky
How many times can you be trialed for the same offense? How many times can you be trialed for the same offense?	Criminal Questions	California
How can i legally evict my ex-girlfriend from my house? How can i legally evict my ex-girlfriend from my house? She only moved in a week ago and she pays no rent or any other bills and she has no lease.	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
I am leasing an apartment for $3200/mo that becomes available on 1/20/2012.  The landlord wants 1st/last and a security deposit totalling $8700 now to close the deal.  Is this legal to require all these funds nearly 60 days before occupancy? None	California Questions,Leasing Questions	California
License a pending patent I filed a provisional patent application for a method that can significantly improve a product being developed by a small business. I want to work with that business to incorporate the method into its product immediately, rather than waiting for the patent approval that may take years. What are typical business arrangements in such a situation? Can I license a future patent which may or may not be approved? Or, is it common to seek an equity stake or a profit sharing arrangement in this situation?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions	California
Can I work in India while holding US green card? I am being asked to go to India for three years to establish Indian Operations. How can I work in India while maintaining my green card status and not jeopardizing my naturalization process in US? What is the best way to handle this situation from the immigration and tax perspective, without looking at the reentry permit route? My company is not based in the USA. I have been a green card holder since Oct 2010. I can afford to be in USA for 15 days every month.Thanks in advance for all the help and advice.	Immigration Questions	California
What rights and restrictions for retail garment property? In regards to selling or re-selling retail items of brands, designers, and from retail stores what are the restrictions and rights of this type of property? For example, If I buy an item at the retail price from a shop can I resell it online without the brand or designer's permission? In addition, can I display my own suggested retail value for the item? Another question I have is, would it be legal to rent out retail items once I own them via purchase without having permission from the designer or brand?If there is anything else I may not be thinking of in regards to the limits of this topic please contact me or write me. Thank you so much.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Illinois
Should I try and contact the father's child or wait until the baby is born? I am currently pregnant and having difficulty contacting the father of my child. He knows about the pregnancy but will not try to reestablish contact with me. I have gotten in contact with his parents so they are aware of the situation. Should I  continue to try and contact him or wait until the baby is born to take further legal action if necessary?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Do you have to pay time and a half if someone works on a holiday? Do you have to pay time and a half if someone works on a holiday?	Employment Questions	California
Is there any liability without written agreement? We have a "partnership" where my partner owns 100% of the C Corporation and we have no written agreements of any sort. So my name is not mentioned anywhere on paper. Although we had oral conversations and emails about ongoing business - could it be enough evidence in court? I wonder if I just walk away could I be liable for company losses in the future?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Law Pivot Charter Member Questions,Legal Questions,Partnership Questions	Illinois
How can an LLC convert to an S-Corp? We have a Delaware LLC company that we want to convert to an S-Corp because we are currently looking for investment. What is the process and how much should it cost (forms and such) to convert a Delaware LLC over to an S-Corp?	Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Partnership Questions,Securities Questions,Tax Questions	Colorado
Obligated to provide former employee with personnel file? A former employee who was terminated over six months ago has requested her personnel file from my company. Do I have to provide it to her?	Employment Questions	California
How to get online agreements reviewed by legal expert? Our web site www.bioinnovit.com is currently being upgraded & we are about to launch 4th generation which has a number of online agreements which we wold like to have reviewed by legal expert.	Financial Questions,Internet Law Questions,Privacy Questions,Technology Questions	New York
How to hold employer to unnotarized contract? My employer and I signed a contract on August 6,2011. It was never notarized. It mainly outlined work hours pay schedule and vacation for the next 6 months. And states that February 6 2012 we are to discuss a partnership. I started work Aug 7th and by August 18th had about 118 hours logged in. August 18th was also a day that is set as a pay day.My employer informs me on this day that there will be no pay and of course no longer working for him. Is there anyway to hold him to this contract?	Contract Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Florida
Maintaining independent contractor relationship for short term project? My company needs a network engineer for a short-term project.  Because this is a short-term project, we want to hire him as an independent contractor.  How should our company proceed to create and maintain the independent contractor relationship?	Employment Questions	California
MLB turned down new idea, then produces and sells idea later. We created an LLC to sell a unique item with Major League Baseball.  We contacted them with a new idea, but we're turned down. About a year later, they are producing and selling our exact idea.  Do we have any recourse?	Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	Michigan
What is discovery? What is discovery?	Litigation Law Questions	New York
A law suit is imminent over a software contract. What are the repercussions other than the judgment from the court if the suit is filed?	Contract Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Colorado
What are legal issues regarding business to business warnings? Are there any legal issues concerning business to business warnings of clients that are not making payments to invoices? Such as emailing a warning of clients who's checks are bad and invoices are out standing?	Administrative Law Questions,Business Internet Questions,Corporate Questions,Legal Questions,Venture Capital Questions	Florida
Liability for posting copyrighted materials on social networking website? Users on our company's social networking site are posting movies, music, pictures and other copyrighted material on my website, despite our company's efforts to remove them when we become aware of it. Is our company liable for copyright infringement because of the postings and what can we do to minimize our liability?	Consumer Internet Questions,Copyright Questions,Internet Law Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
How to take investment without personal guarantee on return? We are a startup that is currently in discussions with venture capital firms and angel investors. We have an investment opportunity where the investors want a highly secured investment - meaning if they invest $500,000, they'd like a return of 5%+ and a 5 year guarantee.  How can we take on this investment without me personally guaranteeing this loan?	Banking Law Questions,Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Private Equity Law Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
What rights are involved in a strip of land between properties when a fence is put up and a strip is used solely by a neighbor for 10 to 15 years, through 3 ownerships of the fenced property? What rights are involved in a strip of land between properties when a fence is put up and a strip is used solely by a neighbor for 10 to 15 years, through 3 ownerships of the fenced property? Is a form of eminent domain in play here?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Do I have to give my tenant back his security deposit and his last month's rent if he leaves early on his lease? My tennant is leaving after 6 months with a 12 month lease (Florida). Do I have to give him back his security and last months rent deposit?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What is my ex entailed to if I was buying a house 2 years before I met and married him? I'm seeking a divorce of 7/8 yrs. I was buying a house 2 yrs before I met and married my husband. What is he entailed to?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Should CA-based business providing services in India be S-Corp or C-Corp? I'm starting a business that provides services in India for Indians living in the US (and possibly India in the future).  I'm a US citizen & the business will be based in California.  Should I incorporate as an S-corp or a C-corp?	California Questions,Tax Questions	California
Is it legal to use plural form of trademarked name for business? I got a cease and desist letter from a lawyer in California who represents visionmagazine.com.  I have a website and print magazine called: visionsmagazineonline.com and MY magazine has the word VISIONS on it.  They also want a list of all my advertisers, revenue and other personal information. They have the name trademarked as Vision Magazine.  THEIR website is visionmagazine.com  I am using the plural form of Visions.  Am I in violation of the law?  Should I fight or comply.	Commercial Questions,Information Technology Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Media & Entertainment Questions,Trademark Questions	Pennsylvania
Does company recently getting publicity need trademark? I run a website, and our company and brand that is getting a lot of publicity lately on Twitter and Facebook. Should I immediately file a trademark to protect it?	Business Internet Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Internet Questions,Trademark Questions	Illinois
Converting Nevada LLC to C Corporation I have a Nevada LLC headquartered in Los Angeles, CA that was formed 3 months ago,and is currently registered as a foreign LLC in California.The company has no revenu but pays out salary.I'm trying to convert it to C corp to award stock options to early employees. What is the cheapest and fastest option to go about it?I'm trying to avoid reopening another bank account and registering it in CA, which takes 80 business days to process.	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Maintaining my intellectual property when joining a new company Hi, I am about to join a public company as a new employee and would like to maintain/protect the intellectual property and equity I gained from the two previous companies I started. What terms should I include in my work contract and what should I write in them? alternatively, are there any documents or terms I should avoid?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Copyright Questions,Employment Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	California
How do you register your idea so it can't be stolen? How do you register your idea so it can't be stolen?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Louisiana
How to incorporate company in US and abroad? My company plans to open physical offices in several different countries and offer goods and services in those different countries with its headquarters here in the US.  How should I incorporate my company here in the US and in those other countries?	Corporate Questions,International Business Law Questions	California
Is overseas company required to stop using my name if I apply for trademark?  An overseas company is using my company name (a made up word) for a product in the same industry (music), I have not gotten a trademark, if I apply can I get them to stop using the name?	Intellectual Property Questions,International Business Law Questions,Trademark Questions	Pennsylvania
Which state best for creating Brazilian company's US subsidiary? We are creating an U.S subsidiary for our Brazilian Company. Considering that the subsidiary will be fully controlled operational company, would it be better, in terms of simplicity and costs, create it in the state where we will have people (ex: CA or NY) instead of incorporate in Delaware? The idea would be simplify the operation, trying to deal with just one state...	Corporate Questions,International Business Law Questions	California
Can a lawyer advertise on his/hers website a case pending an arbitrators outcome? Can a lawyer advertise on his/hers website an case pending an arbitrators outcome?	Consumer Questions	California
How do I proceed with a phone call that I need to show up in court?  I am a 24 year old college student. I received a call today from a 16 digit number with someone telling me that I owed an online payday service $783. I asked for further details and all they would tell me is that I needed an attorney to show up in court with me tomorrow. They didn't say which court or where the proceedings would take place. They told me I had taken a loan out this year. I know I didn't and  they didn't have any specific amount only that $783 after fees and interest. There was no documentation sent to my house and this is the first time they've contacted me. I need to know where I go from here?Thank You,	Consumer Questions	California
What are implications of forgetting copied original submittal with hand lettering for patent substitute application? I have an issue where I thought it was ok to submit slight corrections to specification (Not Claims) prior to submittal.  "I received a notice to file corrected application papers" due to incorrect line spacing and hand lettering.  (I added several comas and changed the words "solar collector" to "solar heating system" in one or more places in the background section).  I understand that I have to submit marked and clean copies and am unsure how to mark and submit.  I am unsure what the ramifications of are providing a marked up copy that does not exactly match the originally submitted marked up copy are.  How do I mark and resubmit? Retitle to "substitute marked application..."?  What are the ramifications of not matching orig. marked app?	Patent Questions	Pennsylvania
Enforceability of non-competition clauses My company is in the process of hiring new employees, and one of our biggest fears is that employees will receive training with us and then take their talents elsewhere, which would be disastrous for the company.  I have heard that CA law regarding non-competition agreements has changed.  If I have all new employees sign covenants not to compete, are these agreements legal and enforceable?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trade Secret Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I report income from outside of the USA? Do I report income from outside of the USA?	Immigration Questions	Florida
If someone received their Marriage-based Green Card and have been out of the country for 6 months, when can they apply for Citizenship? If someone received their Marriage-based Green Card on Oct 1 2009 and have been out of the country for 6 months total in between then and now, when can they apply for Citizenship?	Immigration Questions	South Carolina
Can a mother take her son back to Brazil to visit her mother for a visit for a month? Can a mother (from Brazil) take her son back to Brazil to visit her mother for a visit for a month??	Immigration Questions	Florida
Liability of contract with a LLC which has been dissolved I signed  a contract with a LLC to share future royalty profit from my product (no survival clause found in contract).A year later, the LLC was dissolved; I was not formally notified about the status of LLC nor disposition of the contract;Another year later, I have some royalty profit to share; but the LLC no longer exist. Q: Is the contract still in force if the LLC is already dissolved?any recommended course of action about the contract?	Finance Questions	California
If a person owes money to another person and the lender person dies, is the debt null and void? If a person owes money to another person and the lender person dies, is the debt null and void if there are no documents to prove otherwise that any money is owed?	Consumer Questions,Family Questions,Finance Questions	California
For a startup, is an LLC or C Corp better? LLC or c corp for a startup.  What is your advice?	Finance Questions	Massachusetts
How to protect company's 'secret processes' without patent? My company will have business processes I want to protect. I don't believe they are patentable (and am not in a position financially to patent them anyway). Besides having employees agree not to reveal these processes to others in their emplyment agreement, what other steps can be taken to protect these secret (business) processes?Thank you!	Intellectual Property Questions,Trade Secret Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
Incorporating and protecting myself from liability problems I am starting a power tool informational website that will be funded by affiliate advertising.  What steps to I need to do to protect myself from liability problems?  How much does it cost to do an LLC on a bootstrap basis?  How much does it cost for legal disclaimer copy?	Information Technology Questions,Web Application Development Questions,Web Design Development Questions	California
Legal issues when acquiring another company? We launched our web-based company about three years ago, and we are thinking about buying a couple of struggling companies in our technology space.  What are some of the legal issues we should consider when acquiring another company, and how should we proceed?	Business Internet Questions,Mergers and Acquisitions Law Questions	California
Can I use names of toys such as "spiderman" and "zhu zhu pet" and  "pillow pet" in a children's story?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	Nevada
Is sole custody needed when child support already filed? When I left my boyfriend in November of 2010, I was pregnant with his baby and he said that he "was coming to get the baby" as soon as he gets a car. I have filed for child support for the baby who is now 5 months old, but should I file for sole custody too?	Family Questions,Legal Questions	Florida
Issues understanding legal terminology. Section 35-9A-162(a) If a landlord does not sign and deliver a written rental agreement signed and delivered to the landlord by the tenant, acceptance of rent without reservation by the landlord gives the rental agreement the same effect as if it had been signed and delivered by the landlord.(b) If a tenant does not sign and deliver a written rental agreement signed and delivered to the tenant by the landlord, acceptance of possession and payment of rent without reservation gives the rental agreement the same effect as if it had been signed and delivered by the tenant.(c) If a rental agreement given effect by the operation of this section provides for a term longer than one year, it is effective for only one year.	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Alabama
I applied for J1 visa & my DS form was J1, but the embassy issued to me F1 visa with the same expiration date of the J1. So, now since the type of my visa is F, what visa do I have F or J ? Please I need an answer ASAP.	Appellate Practice Questions,Immigration Questions	Michigan
What tax consequences when using virtual currency? Our company often receives virtual currency in exchange for goods and services.  Are there any tax consequences or liabilities when paid in virtual currency?	Internet Law Questions,Tax Questions	California
Is there a definition in the California statutes of what it means to be "duly authorized to conduct business in California"? This phrase was used in a verified complaint when a lawsuit was filed against us. Two years into the litigation we discovered that the foreign corporation that had stated it was "duly authorized to conduct business in California" (and verified by an CA officer of the corp.) was not registered with the CA Secretary of State and ha no file a tax return for ten years. We showed this to the Court & they said they really were not required to register.	Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Tax Questions	California
Brazilian startup funded by venture capital in Brazil with US subsidiary. We are Brazilian startup funded by venture capital in Brazil and we'll have to create a simple subsidiary in US to support our business operations. Regarding the financial operation, we will implement a general financial architecture based on royalties, that is, the US subsidiary will pay royalties to the Brazilian company. So, in terms of taxes, in the beginning of the operation, we will need to accumulate loss to be compensated in future profits when and if it happen. My question is: what company structure would work better for us? LLC, Inc, other? The general idea is to create a simple structure in US that will support the Brazilian company in US in a very lean and low cost approach, including minimizing taxes.	Corporate Questions,Financial Questions,International Business Law Questions,Tax Questions	California
What are rights regarding change in real estate description after entering contract? A piece of real estate in Ohio, described as 19.2 acres, had changed hands more than once.  I entered into a contract to by this real estate.  Now the seller claims that a survey, done after the sale contract was written, has determined that the piece of real estate contains two additional acres, and he is asking for additional compensation.  What are my rights?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
In a 50/50 owned business, can one partner limit the consulting activities of the other partner?	Commercial Questions,Consulting Law Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Partnership Questions	Massachusetts
Can I send labor wage authorization after filing ETA 9098? What if the labor wage authorization does not arrive before filing ETA 9098 form?  There is a deadline to file the ETA 9098 (365 days before he H1B expires).  Is that OK to send the prevailing wage info later, after the ETA form has been filed?	Employment Questions,Immigration Questions	New Hampshire
Accused of insurance fraud for using ex-spouse's insurance. i have been divorced for 7 years and using my ex-spouse insurance. I was just told I was in trouble for insurance fraud for $2700. The investigator said he was presenting the case to Oakland County prosecutor. What is gonna happen? What is the penalty and what should I do?	Criminal Questions,Insurance Questions	Michigan
Am I liable for damages to vehicle parked in cross-section of handicap parking? If a vehicle parks in the cross section of handicap parking spot and I cause damage to that vehicle by using a handicap ramp system on my vehicle, am I held liable for those damages? I live in Wisconsin.	Insurance Questions	Wisconsin
Should the family sign it over to him or pay the taxes and sell the house? My wife's family was just contacted by a real estate investor about signing a sample Quitclaim Deed.  Apparently a relative died and had no will.  I believe the property is delinquent for real estate taxes and this gentleman is trying to take possession of the house.  He is offering each person $500, so he can become a "person of interest" to the court. (New Jersey) According to estimates, I see online the house is worth $280,000-$330,000.  Should the family sign it over to him or pay the taxes and sell the house?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
Are French SL shareholders liable for contract if in arrears? I have a binding consulting contract with a French company that is an "S.L."  They had the right to terminate or delay our contract, but written notice was not given by the date in the contract.  They are now in arrears.  Are the shareholders of the S.L. personally liable?	Contract Questions	Oregon
How much money can you gift to a person before they have to pay any tax? How much money can you gift to a person before they have to pay any tax?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Requiring BBB arbitration I am a contractor doing commercial and residential remodeling and new construction. Can I put a clause in my contract requiring BBB arbitration, and can you write it for me? Will there be any chagre?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Should my small business be a sole proprietorship or an LLC? I'm in the beginning stages of starting up an in home tutoring business and was planning on doing it as a sole proprietorship, but I was told that creating it as an LLC could be more advantageous. Is there a reason why I SHOULD do one over the other or would either be okay?My only concern regarding legal trouble would be if one of my employees/independent contractors (tutors) did something inappropriate/illegal on the job. Even if I had them sign contracts stating that they were responsible for their actions, would I be held liable as the owner of the sole proprietorship/LLC?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Employment Questions	California
What documents needed to protect LLC? I am in the process of opening up a brewpub cafe specializing in local food, beer, wine, and spirits.  I am in the process of seeking investors.   I want my investors to be legally protected and I also need to be legally protected.  My company is an LLC.  What documents might I need? Can you help?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions	Texas
Question regarding owning a business and abandoned property? I own a business in Florida. I had a dog groomer working here. She disappeared in July and left her stuff. Is there a time frame that I have to give her stuff back or when does it become abandoned property.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
How to limit sole proprietor liability without forming LLC or corp? Is there a way to limit liability for a sole proprietorship owner other than forming LLC or corp by buying some sort of umbrella insurance along with home/auto insurance?	Corporate Questions	California
How to inexpensively incorporate business? Is there an inexpensive way to incorporate a business?	Corporate Questions	Colorado
Can I date before my divorce is filed? Can I date before my divorce is filed?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Deadline for trademark filings? We have not yet filed an application to trademark our logo and have been running our company for one year now.  Is there a time period after which we have exhausted our right to file an application for a trademark?  Additionally, is there any way we can protect our logo from being copied by others besides filing for a trademark application?	Trademark Questions	California
Need someone to review and advice for Client & vendor contracts. I want to get the complete agreement reviewed but for now I need help with the following  - "Vendor agrees that during the term of the MSA and for a period of twelve months thereafter, Vendor will not engage in any activity that is in any way competitive with the business or demonstrably anticipated business of Client, and will not assist any other person or organization in competing or in preparing to compete with any business or demonstrably anticipated business of Client"I have this clause with my client (Company A).There is another company (Company B) which was a customer of my client (Company A) in 2011 but not doing any business with them currently. Now the company B has approached me to, can I do business with Company B	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Am I liable for damages to one of the vans that the company I work for owns? I need to know if I'm liable for damages to one of the vans that the company I work for owns. I work for a mortuary transport company. I had an accident while working (i.e. there was a body on board). I work in Denver, CO and there was a snow storm a couple days ago. The vehicle spun out of my control and hit the highway median. This was about two o'clock in the morning. I signed a company equipment misuse waiver that says employees are liable for negligent damages to company vehicles. I never received a personal copy of the waiver. But it gives a couple examples of misuse (i.e. driving into a pole, backing into a garage door and such things). It says that I'm not liable for acts of God (such as animals hitting the vehicle, hail, etc.)	Employment Questions	Colorado
Should I use brand name and logo without registering in USPTO? Should I use my brand name and logo without a registration in the USPTO?	Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Risk having to change my magazine's name if there is already a magazine with it? Will I risk having to change the name of my magazine if there is already a magazine with that name if my magazine has one extra word that is different?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	South Carolina
I downloaded a photo from internet and used it on my commercial website. It had no marking showing it was copyrighted. I have received a demand to pay due to copyright infringement. Am I liable? None	Copyright Questions	California
Is there someone who can explain, how I can go about getting a patent on a couple of inventions that has not been invented yet?	Patent Questions	Maryland
Can an injunction be upheld if I never was served or received an order of the injunction from the court? I was sued in PA civil court but was never "served".  I received paperwork from the plaintiff's attorney certifying that I was served, so I wrote a "courtesy" letter to the judge and lawyer letting them know I was never served.  I never received anything from the court until a notice from the proprietary's office notifying me of penalties and sanctions, at which time I hired an attorney.  Previous to that, the actual injunction order was returned to the court labeled "undeliverable," so until the penalties were sent, I never received anything other than from the plaintiff's attorney.  Can an injunction be upheld if I never was served or received an order of the injunction from the court?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the right amount to ask for child support for two children who are actively involve in community activities like scout, cooking class, etc from a father that almost makes $7,000/month from the military and is still receiving military support for the children? What is the right amount to ask for child support for two children who are actively involve in community activities like scout, cooking class, etc from a father that almost makes $7,000/month from the military and is still receiving military support for the children?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Wrongful termination if my boss fired me for harassment after I made a harassment charge? My boss fired me for harassment after I made a harassment charge against him. is this wrongful termination or retaliation?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Question about employment? I have been offered a position with a firm in Washington State. A condition of employment is that I am not permitted to have a LinkedIn account. This seems akin to saying I'm not permitted to read a particular book at home and on my own time - a violation of First Ammendment rights that should not be countenanced regardless of position. Am I right?	Employment Questions	California
I'd like to make instructional videos of songs for the exact arrangements that come directly from published music books. Would it be legal? I'd like to make instructional videos of songs for the exact arrangements that come directly from published music books. The score would sync up with the video and play along as well. These would be viewed only by students of my for-profit music education company, and most students would own the book anyway. But some might not own the books. If the student's don't own it, the teachers almost certainly would. And What about just selling the videos to anyone? Would there by any issues here?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Texas
Are non-competition clauses valid? If I signed an employment agreement in 2005 that has a non competition clause in it - is it valid? I received another job offer and need to know whether I can take it without being in violation of my contract.	Employment Questions	California
Am I a contracted or at-will employee if they are providing a new contract? The company I've been with for 5 yrs. now is giving the employees a new contract. It consists of a no compete clause" can not work within a 50 miles radius and two years and can fire without cause and control base salary according to profit shares. Haven't signed as of yet. Is this legal. Am I a contracted or at will employee?	Employment Questions	California
If I signed a non-compete and I work for a company in business development, am I allowed to work for a competitor in a different function of the business? If I signed a non-compete and I work for a company in business development, am I allowed to work for a competitor in a different function of the business?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
I am one of three owners of a mobile home park and one of the partners is not paying his fair share ... I am one of three owners of a mobile home park and one of the partners is not paying his fair share of daily operating expenses and improvements we have made to the park. If we decide to sell the property, I want to know if there is any way the I can put a lien on a portion of the funds during the selling process.	Commercial Questions	Massachusetts
What happens to renters personal property when evicted? In state of Florida, what happens to renters personal property when evicted?	Family Questions	Florida
What to do when one of our grandchildren is unhappy living with his current situation? I have helped/supported my daughter for sake of my four grandchildren--the oldest will be 13 In Oct.,2012.  She has borderline personality disorder along with a myriad of disabilities, both physical and mental.  I am very close to the children and they depend on me and my husband.  I have given long-term care to the oldest and he lived with us (grandparents) for extended periods of time.  He is desperately unhappy and angry with his mother and step-father and wants to live with us.  He has even thought of running away to be with us.  What, if anything, can we do to help him?  Thank you	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
/questions/0f7519db10/startup-friendly-attorneys-waive-fees/

What obligations do I have if I purchase an item online for $640 & the company only charges my account $40? If I purchase an item online for $640.00 and the company only charges my account $40 then delivers the item to my home, what legal obligations do I have?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Question regarding if I am 50/50 ownership with someone in truck driving school? I am 50/50 ownership with someone in truck driving school. I want to sell my 500 shares. I am president, he will not offer but 75,000 not acceptable. Can I put on market to sell? I know he has first choice but i am not satisfied with that amount. Please advice me what my options are.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Tennessee
Can I get cash back on a debit card purchase in a return if I request it at a store in CT? Can I get cash back on a debit card purchase in a return if I request it at a store in CT?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Connecticut
Is legal disclaimer for marketing materials necessary? My company is printing out some marketing materials for our merchants to display. These are roughly 4x6 slips of paper in plastic stands that have our logo and a QR code for people to scan. Do we need to have any legal disclaimer or "legalese" at the bottom of the paper? We have a logo from 99Designs, but we haven't trademarked or copyrighted our logos ourselves. Thanks,Monil	Advertising Law Questions,Contract Questions,Copyright Questions,Trademark Questions	Massachusetts
How can Canadian national correct erroneous record in US alien file? A Canadian national crossed the border in Vermont and got a citation that did not result in a criminal conviction; rather the charges were dropped.  However, her alien file notes that she was detained and now she is barred from entry.  She cannot apply for a waiver of inadmissibility because the application for the waiver requires information about a criminal conviction, of which there is none in this case.  What can she do to get her alien file corrected so she can travel to and from Vermont without hassle?	Immigration Questions	New York
No response after requesting FOIA personal medical documentation. Requested under FOIA personal medical documentation, request sent certified mail. No response and no information given. What next?	Government Questions	Virginia
Are landlords allowed to charge late fees? Are landlords allowed to charge late fees?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I sue a hospital for nerve damage on an IV? Hi, can I sue a hospital for nerve damage on an IV? I also told the nurse several times it hurt and was denied to take it out.	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
As a Canadian citizen, am I legally authorized to work in the US? I am a Canadian citizen. Am I legally authorized to work in the US?	Employment Questions,Immigration Questions	AB
Removing boilerplate EULA from Android app. I have an Android app. Currently, I have a boilerplate EULA that the user must accept. I'm wondering if it will be okay if I remove the EULA or just link to it from the About box?App is a game, which involves doing real-life dares. Dares can be "Call X" or "Do XYZ", etc.	Consumer Internet Questions,Mobile Applications Questions	California
Work doctor wants me to resume working before my doctor releases me. I fell at work and hurt my shoulder. I ended up having to have surgery. Now my work doctor wants me to go back to work before my doctor wants to release me to work. Is there anything I can do or do i have to do what the work doctor tells me to do?	Workers Comp Questions	Maine
My husband recently acquired a masonry co in ND which required I sign an imdemnified bond, the bond had been collected on and the insurance company may purse legal compensation from my husband and I. I also own a separate LLC in Washington state. Can the ins. company collect assets from my LLC?	Bankruptcy Questions,Insurance Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Washington
We are starting a photography association with another. Do we have to get permission for every photo taken of people at events in public in California?	Copyright Questions,Privacy Questions	California
I am a licensed private investigator in California. Is it against the law to surveil a subject in his residence through an open door?	Privacy Questions	California
What are legal ramifications and benefits to forming LLC outside my state? I need to form an LLC for an online business and I live in California. What are the legal ramifications and benefits of forming the LLC out of state in Delaware, Florida, etc.?	Business Internet Questions,California Questions,Corporate Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Tax Questions	California
I got a C&D notice from company claiming TM infridgement over shape/color of bottle I am using. I purchase my bottle from 3rd party who owns mold/produces/and sells it to me. Is my bottle manufacturer liable in this case or am I? None	Commercial Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Massachusetts
How to protect short story publication? I have a collection of short stories I would like to pursue publishingwhats reqd and how do I protect my work from being plagarized after sneding them in for review to publish??bob z	Copyright Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if landlord is holding my security deposit hostage because he didn't like a reveiw we gave him? What to do if my landlord is trying to hold my security deposit hostage because he didn't like a review we gave him?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How do I rescind or can I even rescind principal residence of the new home? I recently bought a second home with a boyfriend I've had for 12 years. Originally, we wanted to move in the new house together as our principal residence. Now at the end of this long drawn out process, we decided it's best if we go our separate ways. I just signed, that in 60 days the new house will become my principal residence too. How do I rescind or can I even rescind principal residence of the new home or will I  be convicted of mortgage fraud? I am worried I have to live there for one year just because we just signed loan docs on May 9th.	Real Estate Questions	California
Are there any suggestions or leads on the best way to go about trademarking the name?  I have an idea/brand for that I would like to license out to a company currently in the soap & detergent industry.  The concept is targeting a specific demographic with a unique marketing campaign and new scents designed specifically for them.  I have a name for this new product line and would like to pitch my idea to companies to license the concept/new brand.  My question is if I can patent or trademark a brand/product line with out actually having a product produced.  I have looked into trademarking the name with a letter of intent of use trademark and then pursue a company to license it.  Are there any suggestions or leads on the best way to go about this?  Thank you for your help!	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Minnesota
Is any of my event planning legal? Hello, I'm planning on throwing a concert, which includes a cash prize as well as a cash giveaway.  I need to make sure what I'm planning is legal.  I will give you a quick outline of my event here.   6 bands will perform at a show.  The band who receives the loudest crowd response (judged with a decibel meter) wins 500 dollars. There is a fifty dollar entry fee per band. We also want to give away $500 to a random fan in attendance, by drawing a name out of a bag. Everyone who pays to come in and see the concert is in the drawing for the money, except for the bands. The bands are only eligible to win the crowd voted prize. Does any of this raise an issue?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Can foreign country serve subpoenas on US citizens? Can a foreign country serve subpoenas on citizens of the USA?	Immigration Questions	Ohio
Found out I am overcharged after agreeing to prices on paper. I am staying in an apartment and haven't signed a lease. I just have to sign a Sublet paper and I agreed to the pricing and terms and conditions on the paper. Now I found that I am being overcharged. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Are C-corps required to have shareholder and yearly board meeting? For small family C corporations, is it a requirement by law that there must be a shareholder and board meeting each year? Can this be changed by agreement to minimize paperwork?Can it be agreed by shareholders for meeting as needed like an LLC? Who must  sign the consent agreement in lieu of meeting?  What is the absolute minimum paperwork a  small family corporation must do to be in good standing so no one can "pierce the corporate veil?"  You can assume that all fed and state tax returns are filed, separate bank accounts, etc. Question here is only related to written paperwork and meetings required by law.  Two family members know what is going on since both are active in biz. Question is just what written paperwork is required by law. Thanks!	Corporate Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,International Business Law Questions	Virginia
It is legal to start a website that would allow for the "crowdfunding" of startups - where investors would actually receive a small amount of equity in the company. If not, what would the biggest hurdles be? What about "crowdfunding" a venture type fund that would then in turn invest in companies? None	Business Internet Questions,Legal Questions,Private Equity Law Questions,Securities Questions,Venture Capital Questions	Illinois
Mother will not take my car out of her name. When I was 15 I bought a car with money I inherited from my dad's mom. Since I was so young, my mother put the car in her name so she can pay the insurance. I'm 18 & have a job. I've been paying the insurance for about a year but my mom wont take it out of her name. What are my legal options?	Leasing Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Can estranged spouse sue landlord for deposit? My estranged husband and I rented a house 2 months after we were married on Dec. 2010. In Jan 2011, he had a mental breakdown and tried to kill me.  I currently have a valid protective order (we live in NC). Can he sue my landlord for the entire deposit? He has filed a lawsuit against her. Thank you	Family Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Is it legal to sell individual cigarettes? I think it'd be a great business idea to buy packs of cigarettes & sell them individually in front of bars & clubs.  is this legal?	Administrative Law Questions,Advertising Law Questions,California Questions,Commercial Questions,Retail Law Questions	California
What constitutes commencement for oil & gas lease? What constitutes commencement for an oil & gas lease?	Energy Law Questions	Oklahoma
How to ask judge for continuum? Our hearing is this coming up Thursday, concerning sole custody of our three children. I am without representation and horrified. I am still seeking counsel but not sure how to ask the judge for a continuum. So, what is the proper way to ask a judge for a continuum, and will I look unfit by asking?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Is temporary lip tattoo concept artistic or functional design? There is a company (violentlips.com) that came up with temporary tattoos for the lips. Is the temporary lip tattoo concept (not the actual art, but the shape and idea of a product that is tattoo for the lip) an artistic or functional design?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Texas
I want to take an old professional picture of my mom and have it blown up to a bigger size. Is this against copyright laws?	Copyright Questions	West Virginia
Issues regarding 16 year old daughter having baby. My daughter just had a baby 2 months ago and she is 16 years old and thinks she can do what she wants. The father's parents are calling all the shots and they are not married. What do I need to do?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Is this violating labor laws? In April I was diagnosed with cancer, had surgery and now chemo.  I was demoted from receiving clerk to cashier, even though my doctor wrote a note.  Now, they are cutting my hours as a cashier even though others have more hours than I do and I have more seniority.  I know the demotion violated the ADA, but are they now violating labor laws?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can the state seize my life insurance benefit when my terminally ill husband who is NOT on state aid dies? I am on Medi-cal in California. Can the state seize his life insurance benefit when my terminally ill husband who is NOT on state aid dies?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How to recover unpaid fees from customer efficiently and cost-effectively? My company has a customer who owes us a commercially significant amount in support fees. What are some efficient and cost-effective means to recover this cost from the customer?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How can I answer the 2 questions from the I-90 form when my location is difficult? Hello I am renewing my green card and I don't understand questions 4 and 5 from the form I-90. I was petitioned in San Francisco, CA but I had to go to El Salvador for an interview and came back through Los Angeles with a manila package. How can I answer this two questions?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
"Foreigner-owned company limitations" "Dear Sirs: My partner and I would like to open an online business in the United States, both of us being foreigners, and have head office in California. While we can arrange for local representatives, office and bank account, I wonder if there are any specific recurring conditions for foreigners owning an LLC or a C-corp. in Delaware/Nevada (such as minimal involvement/physical presence requirements)? Would we be able to sponsor employees H1-B and e-Verify just like any Americans-owned company? Thank you, Paul"	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions	California
if during my facility/property lease the lessor makes it clear by procuring a new lessee for the same property, without giving me any notice, does that constitute a breach of contract? if during my facility/property lease the lessor makes it clear by procuring a new lessee for the same property, without giving me any notice, does that constitute a breach of contract? Am I constructively being told it is over? Do to this change in events we left our lease prematurely and now the lessor is asking for the remainder of the lease money, even tho he had a new lessee in the building.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is it legal to make items for sale using fabric with logos? Is it legal to purchase fabric with logos and make items from it for resale, i.e., making an apron out of Virginia Tech fabric?	Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	Virginia
Need someone to review and advice for Client & vendor contracts? I want to get the complete agreement reviewed but for now I need help with the following  - "Vendor agrees that during the term of the MSA and for a period of twelve months thereafter, Vendor will not engage in any activity that is in any way competitive with the business or demonstrably anticipated business of Client, and will not assist any other person or organization in competing or in preparing to compete with any business or demonstrably anticipated business of Client"I have this clause with my client (Company A).There is another company (Company B) which was a customer of my client (Company A) in 2011 but not doing any business with them currently. Now the company B has approached me to, can I do business with Company B	Contract Questions	District of Columbia
Assuming copyrights are not renewed, how many years after publication will US sound recordings (phonograms) go into public domain? None	Copyright Questions	Texas
Can a divorce agreement ever be reviewed? Hello, I feel my  best interests were not represented in my divorce agreement. My lawyer left the mediation before it was even over to  get to another appointment. I was divorced in Florida.There is absolutely nothing in my agreement that benefits me. How do you determine  misrepresentation? Can a divorce agreement ever be reviewed? Thank you for your advice.	Contract Questions	Florida
Am I required to pay alimony in addition to division of assets and is monetary inheritance from one's parents considered dividable assets? I am a resident of Georgia. (1) Am I required to pay alimony in addition to division of assets?(2) Is monetary inheritance from one's parents considered dividable assets?	Finance Questions	Georgia
Can my wife be prosecuted for fraud and can I get the money back if she said she lost the money but really hid it in her mother's account? My wife sold stocks just before our divorce and said we lost it in the market. She hide the money in her mother's account. I just found out this week. Can she be prosecuted for fraud and can I get the money back? We have been divorced for ten years.	Criminal Questions	New York
Legal for the landlord to raise your rent every year & have residents paying different rates for the same apt? is it legal for the landlord to raise your rent every year and have different residents paying different rates for the same apt, size?	Real Estate Questions	California
If you have retained a lawyer and are not pleased with his services can you terminate his services? If you have retained a lawyer and are not pleased with his services can you terminate his services?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
If it is written in my apartment lease in which the lessor made an oral agreement to fix the bathroom floor and 4 months later it is still not fixed, are those grounds for the tenant to terminate the lease?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Mississippi
Can the previous owner of a home they lost in foreclosure take claim to any or all appliances there-in? Can the previous owner of a home they lost in foreclosure take claim to any or all appliances there-in?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Whose insurance pays if employee vehicle hit during work errand? If an employee is driving on a work related errand and is hit by a hit and run driver, does the employee's auto insurance or the employer's liability insurance pay for the damage to the employee's vehicle?	California Questions,Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Employment Questions,Insurance Questions	California
How do we respond to court summons regarding credit card debt? How do we respond to court summons regarding credit card debt?	Consumer Questions	California
Can a codefendant testify against me in a criminal case?	Criminal Questions	California
/questions/b653553ad7/can-i-sue-a-real-estate-company-for-a-robbery-in-t/

How far can a finance company go as far as court wise if owing an amount under $300? How far can a finance company go as far as court wise if owing an amount under $300?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Starting for-profit company that gives investors and founders equity but majority owned by non-profit. Can I start a for-profit technology company that gives equity to founders and investors, but the majority is owned by a non-profit which uses the tech for social good? We should be able to build a profitable product, while not being tied into fiduciary responsibility at the expense of our mission.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,International Business Law Questions,Technology Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
Can an aunt get visitation rights of her niece if the mother is trying to keep the child away from her? Can an aunt get visitation rights of her niece if the mother is trying to keep the child away from her?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can ex-wife take house if name not on deed but on loan? My new husband's ex wife is trying to take our house. During the divorce, he was awarded this house and she was awarded the other one. Can she legally take the house if her name is not on the deed but on the loan?	Family Questions,Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
What happens if my husband dies and my name is not on our home? My name is not on our home, what happens if my husband dies?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Does ex have rights to house if name on deed but not mortgage? My ex has not lived in the house for the past four months. Both our names on the deed, but the mortgage is in my name only. My ex took $12,000 as payoff. I have been paying for all bills from my banking accounts. Does ex still have rights to the house? Is he still owed 50%?My ex has not contributed anything to household bills.	Family Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Do I really need to go through probate court just to close his bank account? My father died without a last will and testament template or any real estate.  Do I really need to go through probate court just to close his bank account?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can 17 year old legally decide which parent to live with? Do I have a legal choice, which parent I want to live with when im 17?	Family Questions	Kansas
My daughters father has a suspended drivers license due to failure to pay child support. However, there is no custody/visitation order. How can I stop him from picking up my daughter at school? I took him off the list but because there isn't an order in place the school said their hands are tied.	Family Questions	Florida
What is a Notice for Discovery and a Motion for Statement of Particulars in the state of Florida? Why would a defendant request this? None	Criminal Questions	Florida
How long can a law firm attempt to collect a debt? How long can a law firm attempt to collect a debt?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
My ex-husband, whom I had to kids with, had recently passed away. Do I have legal rights to his body or does his parents have this legal right? Our children are now 11 and 12 years old.	Family Questions	California
How does provisional patent application protect invention? How does the filing of a provisional patent application protects my invention?	Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions	New York
Is customer service legally obligated to transfer me to supervisor if asked? If I am on the phone with a customer service representative, and I ask to speak to a supervisor, is the representative legally obligated to transfer me?	California Questions,Consumer Questions	Colorado
Can your cell phone be used by the DA as evidence for prosecution? In California can your cell phone be used by the DA as evidence for prosecution?	Criminal Questions	California
Question regarding a district attorney not having enough substaintual evidence to prosecute someone? When a district attorney doesn't have enough substantial evidence to prosecute someone can they prosecute that person based on the evidence they have already without all of the evidence?	Criminal Questions	California
Am I eligible for citizenship? I am a permanent resident since 2007. On 2008 I get an assignment with the United Nations in Haiti. I go there and come back every 2 months. Now I have a total days of 1081, my wife become an American last year, I file taxes every year, my children live and go to school in the US, I have an apartment, and I have bank accounts here. I never been out side of the country more than six months and I work for the organization with US is affiliated. My question is do I am eligible for citizenship?	Immigration Questions	New Jersey
How to get in existing civil suit without retainer? How do I get in an already exsisting civil suit against Deutshe Bank without paying an arm and leg before it settles. I don't have the money to pay a huge retainer--Deutshe Bank took it and I have all the things to make a compelling lawsuit. I need help and no one will help me.	Banking Law Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Connecticut
Landlord holding me responsible for remaining business lease period. I am a store owner in Southern California. The business is slow and I will not be able to pay the rent. I want to close the business but the landlord is holding me responsible for the remaining lease period of 3 years. I am unable to find anyone to sublease the property. What options do I have now?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it legal to use the same name as another business name but change one word? Is it legal to use the same name as another business name but change one word? LikeAtlanta Dance School of Excellence. My name would be A Dance School Of Excellence	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Georgia
What can I do about a creepy neighbor who instrumented our entire rental home with wireless spy cameras and monitored us for over a year? What can I do about a creepy neighbor who instrumented our entire rental home with wireless spy cameras and monitored us for over a year?	Criminal Questions,Personal Injury Questions,Privacy Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
CA civil procedure codes preventing superior court judge from granting motion to set aside default. Can either of the following California civil procedure codes prevent the California superior court judge from granting a motion to set aside a default?code- 473bcode- 413.10(b)code- 414.10code- 473	Administrative Law Questions,California Questions,Contract Questions,Criminal Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
How to switch deed when seller dies? I purchased a home but the seller died before the deed was switched into my name. How do I switch the deed?	Contract Questions,LawPivot Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I take legal action against website that didn't deliver order? Can I take legal action against a website that didn't deliver the merchandise that I ordered?	Internet Questions,Music/Audio Questions,Network/Hosting Questions,Security Questions	New York
When does the statute of limitations begin to run in a medical malpractice action? When does the statute of limitations begin to run in a medical malpractice action?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
If I am eating oatmeal from McDonald's and find paper in it, what should I do? If I am eating oatmeal from McDonald's and find paper in it, what should I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
I'm under a commercial lease for a shop. The problem is there is a leak from the 2nd floor which damaged the whole ceiling, carpet, and etc. Mold is appearing as well. Due to the leak, my shop is unable to operate for couple days. Should my landlord take responsibility and payout everything?	Commercial Questions,Leasing Questions	California
Is using idea's same technical function for different purpose patent infringement? Is it patent infringement when someone uses the same technical function that is stated in your provisional patent, but for a different purpose, after you submitted your idea to a company?	Patent Questions	Georgia
How effective are boilerplate consulting contracts found on the web? How effective are boilerplate consulting contracts found on the web?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Does the power of attorney have the right to pay the bills of the person after death? Does the power of attorney have the right to pay the bills of the person after death?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How do I proceed if I have no info on my spouse except for his birth-date? My spouse is in another state & I have no info for him (no SSN, just his birth-date). How do I proceed?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Am I still married from my husband if we've been estranged for 10 years? I have been estranged from my husband for over 10 years. Are we still married?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
If I had possession of a vehicle and vehicle is now missing am I responsible? If I had possession of a vehicle and vehicle is now missing am I responsible? The owner said they were coming to get it while i was out of town.	Criminal Questions	New York
Do I have a case against my employer for defamation of character and invasion of privacy? Hello I recently left a temp to hire job in New Jersey for a job in California.  I am currently driving across the country & got a call from my future boss today informing me that my temp to hire job called them and said I am a horrible worker and that they shouldn't hire me that I do not do my work.  They went through my personal gmail account and found the contact information for my new job, they apparently emailed & called both the HR lady and my future boss.  My gmail was on my work computer but they had to log in and then search through my gmail account to find out that I got a new job and that I was not actually sick this week.  I was wondering if I have a case to sue them for defamation of character and invasion of privacy?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
What can I do if my employer wrongfully terminated me? My employer wrongfully terminated me. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Can I leave the state with my son if there is no legal custody matter between me and the father? Can I leave the state with my son if there is no legal custody matter between me and the father?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Do I need a lawyer or will it just be a fine if I didn't call to go to court for a speeding ticket? Hi. My name is Mike and over the weekend. I got a ticket for speeding oops- 102 mph. Yes, I'm guilty no problem there. Now the problem is I got a driver to use due care ticket Georgia code40-6-241. This is my first ticket in my life. Now I haven't called but I think I have to go to court. Do I need a lawyer or is this just going to be a fine or do I go to jail? ...lol...HELP	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Question about trusts and wills? Case DescriptionOriginal Trust was restated and amendedThe original trust was dated July 2010 and the it was restated and amended in July 2010. Some assets were distributed to my two sisters without my knowledge after my Mom passed in April 2010, leaving my Dad with the trust.In the grieving and depressed state he decided that I was to blame for my Mom's passing, so he took me out of the trust. What can I do? My sisters have turned their collective backs on me.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How can I leave my current job for this new one, while still being eligible for unemployment benefits?  I currently live in Oregon with my family.I have a full time job currently and have been recruited by another company.  I want to make the transition; however, from research I've conducted online, it seems that if I quit my current job to work at the new one, though I get laid off from the new job before 90 days have passed, I would not qualify for unemployment benefits.  Unemployment benefits are the safety net I currently have just in case I cannot meet sales quotas one month, and losing those would cause a great amount of problems if I failed at this new job.My question is how can I leave my current job for this new one, while still being eligible for unemployment benefits?Thank you.	Employment Questions	Oregon
What kind of issues could I expect with creating a non-profit charity that would fund and support a for-profit business? If I was to make a for-profit business that paid its owners but also created a non-profit charity organization that helped fund and support the business, what kind of issues could I expect and what kind of restrictions would stop it?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Colorado
What is the procedure for securing immigration status for my US son and his foreign wife and their expecting child? My son is teaching in Thailand.  He married (Thai Civil Marriage) a Thai woman.  She is expecting in April.  He has taught there for almost two years but now has an opportunity to move to the States with a teaching job.  What is the procedure for: 1) securing immigration status for his wife and 2) immigration for his child, and 3) after immigration status is granted and all documentation complete for his wife, how long do they have before they MUST travel to and/or stay in the US?  Thanks for any information!	Immigration Questions	Indiana
How can I file a suit with state of California? How can I file a suit with state of California?	Personal Injury Questions	California
/questions/1058e6addf/fiance-deported-help/

Will the LLC I am purchasing be responsible for a non compete if the person has no relationships with the company and has no ownership? I am purchasing all shares of stock in an LLC.  The person working for the LLC I am purchasing has a non compete with another company.  Will the LLC be responsible for a non compete if the person has no relationships with the company and has no ownership?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions	Colorado
What happens if you form an LLC in New York but do not advertise the formation in any publications? What happens if you form an LLC in New York but do not advertise the formation in any publications?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
How can I bring over the mother of my fiance (who is not a US citizen)? I am US citizen and I want to marry a woman who is not a US citizen and has dependent 84 year old mother.  The mother will have to move to US with her. How can I get her mother into the US?	Family Questions,Immigration Questions	Florida
Can a non-profit corporation collect finders fees for bringing investors and business startups together?  Can a non-profit corporation collect finders fees for bringing investors and business startups together? In other words, is there a way for a non-profit to facilitate meetings with investors and business startups, and by way of crowdfunding, collect a fee or percentage?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Minnesota
What state do I select for my federal EIN when my principal place of business is different from my state of incorporation? I am located in California and filed for incorporation in Delaware. I am now getting my federal EIN, and it is asking me where for the county and state where the principal business is located.  Do I select CA or DE?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
What should I do if I am being charged with theft when I took the items for failure to repay me? I'm begin charged with theft because my friend reported that I took her laptop and phone which I did because she was owning me some money for more than 2 months. Now I'm begin charged to court to get a finger print and currently I'm a nursing student. But the problem is this: the girl want to withdraw all charges because I still have those items I took from her. What would the court do if she withdrew those charges? Do I still need a lawyer? Or we can resolve this problem ourselves? Thanks.	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What can I do to get my car released from impound because the police needed it for evidence? Last Nov., an acquaintance of mine gave me a few parts (about $150) for my car as a gift. She neglected to inform me that she had purchased them using a credit card that she had stolen. She has admitted to the police that she stole the card, she bought the parts, & I knew nothing about it. The police went to my home while I was away, took my car out of my garage, told me that they seized it as evidence & I can't get it out of impound, which is costing me $25 per day. I've been told that when they do "release" the car it will be going straight to auction rather than back to me, the legal owner. I've had this car for 15 years & I have put a lot of time, money, & effort into it. How can I get my car back once it is released?	Criminal Questions	Utah
How can I file a form EOIR 29 within a 30 day deadline and I need time to get a DNA test? I just received a denial notice for my I130 petition for my father because they said all my evidence can not prove my claimed relationship with my dad. They sent me form EOIR29 to appeal the case within 30 day of Jan 4th, which is the notice date. I want to go for a DNA test to prove our relationship, but it takes up to 6 week to have it done cause my dad lives in Viet Nam. How can I file it within a deadline for the form EOIR 29?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Can I sue my ex for emotional distress for physically abusing me and causing alot of stress by not allowing me to work and for threatening and harrassing me and my family? Can I sue my ex for emotional distress for physically abusing me and causing alot of stress by not allowing me to work and for threatening and harassing me and my family? A lot of incidents occurred in front of my daughter and now she has nightmares that are called night terrors and will be yelling for him to leave mommy alone. She is very traumatized as well as my other two daughters who they claim that he was having unappropriate behavior with them.I already got a permanent restraining order against him but want to sue for all the emotional stress he has caused and also for controlling my kids child support money that he would use to pay his rent and pay off his debt with his.	Family Questions,Personal Injury Questions	California
What can I do to get my car title put in my name after making all the payments? I went to Honda to get a used car. I had $4,000 and a co-signer. The dearship said I did not have enough credit to get the car.  It told me that all I have to do is put it in my co-signers name and make payments for 6 months or maybe a year at most, keep receipts and show them to the bank who has the loan. At that point, it will transfer it over. I've been making payments for 2 years and I have proof of the $4,000 down payment with receipts for everything.  However, the bank still will not put it in my name.  What can I do to get the car in my name?	Consumer Questions	California
Can my sports club set up a separate 501c3 organization for accep Our neighborhood swim & tennis club (in WA) is a 501(c)(7) non-profit. We want to create a separate 501c3 for fundraising and to accept donations to help run the club--not just for scholarships, programs, or teams. Can we do that? What template or wording is required to set it up correctly so the IRS won't think the 501c3 is "supporting a commercial enterprise" or "promoting private business interests"? Thanks!	Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	Washington
Can my mother apply for immigration for her children if she as a green card? My mother has a green card. Can she apply immigration for her children?	Immigration Questions	Illinois
Can another immigration lawyer continue my case from where I left off? I have filed for my daughter in Guatemala and got letters back but the lawyer I started the process with is no where to be found. Can another lawyer continue my case from where I left off?	Immigration Questions	Illinois
How do I get back our deposit from the landlord? Our former landlord is wrongfully keeping our deposit and is refusing to give back what we are owed. How can we fight this to get back what we deserve?	Real Estate Questions	California
How do I deal with this trade dress infringement case? Coach, Inc. has filed a lawsuit against my business for mutiple claims, including trademark infringement, counterfeiting, trademark dilution, etc. My business has never sold any of Coach's handbags nor have we claimed they are authentic and genuine when selling. The logo, also, is distinguishable from their brand.Is there any way this can be resolved without having to find an attorney to represent me?	Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	California
What can I do when a boss continually writes me up and keeps me on probation? I have a boss that has written me up for typing errors on reports. The first 30 days everything was on track. For the next 30 days, she stated that I've improved but I continue to get errors on the report. The last 30 days she has stated that she will continue my probation for 30 days and if I make any mistakes, I will be let go. I want to know what legal rights I have. I feel I'm being harassed, but she continues to add things to the probation that is not apart of the first write up. I've gone to HR and they do nothing. What can I do and what help is out there?	Employment Questions	California
Can parents prevent creditors from attaching house without separation? My mom and dad have been married for over 35 years and own their home. He is very ill and we were told they need to get a separation or divorce so the creditors cannot attach the house? Is there a different way to go about this without it having to separate?	Bankruptcy Questions,Family Questions,Finance Questions	California
What do I do when expenses that were agreed upon in the executed contract have not been paid since Aug., when  the contract says it is to be paid in 10 days?  What do I do when expenses that were agreed upon in the executed contract have not been paid since Aug., when  the contract says it is to be paid in 10 days?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Which petition should I go for if I came to the U.S. illegally as a child? I came into the U.S. as a child illegally. I know that i qualify for the dream act.  Also, I got married to a U.S. citizen.  Which petition should I go for? Can there be an adjustment from the differed action and the marriage petition?	Immigration Questions	California
Can a business partner realistically dissolve a company if I reject his offer and form a new company with same concept? I joined a friend from school in his startup investing some money taking 10% of the company in return for 20 hours a week work for a period of at least 6 months. ( I initially wasn't sure if I can work with him so I committed to 6 months first to decide later if I want to stay longer or not) As the 6 months was over and I found it very hard to work with the founder I resigned as the Director of Marketing. The founder took this very hardly and wants me out completely. He offered to purchase my shares + 20% and made a threat that if I dont take the offer he will dissolve the company if he has to so I will lose all my money. Can he realistically dissolve the company if I reject his offer and form a new company with same concept?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
Will my non-compete agreement be enforceable if I live in California and, in the contract, a venue provision states that litigation must take place in Ohio? Will my non-compete agreement be enforceable if I live in California and, in the contract, a venue provision states that litigation must take place in Ohio?	Employment Questions	California
What is the best way to incorporate a startup? Just started a tech startup in NYC. What is the best and advisable way to incorporate? We are funding the company mutually and there are 2 of us right now, both co-founders.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
What to do if I would like to create a company for my business? I would like to create a company for my business?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Alabama
Is there anything I can do to expedite my green application? I've been married to my husband for 6 yrs and have 2 kids together. I came with a visitor visa from Mexico as a child, but I overstayed. My husband is a US citizen and is in the military. We just applied for my green card and just got my biometrics taken. My question is how long would it take to get it all done? My husband got orders to go to Okinawa, Japan in 3 months and I would like to come along. If it takes longer, is there anything I can do to be able to travel with him and my kids?	Immigration Questions	North Carolina
Can I get a visa for my son who was born abroad if I am a legal resident? I am a legal resident in the US but my son was born in Mexico. Can I get a visa for him so he can come to the US and where do I have to go?	Immigration Questions	California
Is my mother's green card still valid if she moved back to her home country? My mother was issued a "green card" but when my dad passed away, but she moved back to her home country and has not entered the US since 1992. Is her "green card" or alien status still good? Her card does not have an expiration date.	Immigration Questions	Texas
Question regarding a judge's order for supervised visits? i have a judge's order for  supervised visits. the kids lawyer says i can facebook and text my kids if they initiate the conversation. The kids lawyer and my ex's lawyer agreed to this and told me it was ok. Will i get into trouble from the judge if i do as the kids lawyer says i can?	Family Questions	California
Can I be sued for a credit card debt that has past the statues of limitations or have a tax lien placed against me? Can I be sued for a credit card debt that has past the statues of limitations or have a tax lien placed against me?	Tax Questions	Georgia
What are the procedures in Illinois for handling donations or contributions to the company if the company is a for-profit organization? I have a for-profit organization. What are the procedures in Illinois for handling donations or contributions to the company?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Illinois
Is there a standardized contract you would recommend for VA? We have a building/remodeling contract that was designed for ND, then redone for use in GA.  Now we are opening business in VA and would like to avoid having a major expense to having it rewritten for VA.  Is there a standardized contract you would recommend for VA?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
Can beneficiary to life insurance policy assign all proceeds to son? I am the beneficiary to my brother's life insurance policy. Can I assign all of of the proceeds to my son? And will it still be non-taxable?	Insurance Questions	New York
Can a creditor take money from an account from a debtor who has power of attorney over that account? If my mother is power of attorney on my checking account and owes a debt, can a creditor take my money from that account if they sent her a levy notice?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
How do I protect my business developed out of a class project? I'm a graduating senior at UC Berkeley. For an entrepreneurship class, I worked on a team for 4 other students. I personally came up and led an idea that the others helped to work on. I want to know if I can take the idea I have developed in this class and develop it for the real world, but not with these students. We never filed the company, filed patent for any of the ideas, and so far I've built a prototype website that is completely registered in my name, and purchased from my bank account. It was for a class project, but I came up with and led the idea, so technically it is still my idea. If I develop this idea with new partners, am I going to get sued? What if I file a patent with my idea which the current team did not contribute to?	Corporate Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Securities Questions	California
If I am a US citizen and I marry a man from Africa, would that make him a US citizen? I am engaged to a man who is currently going to school on a visa. He is from Africa. If we get married, would that make him a legal citizen?	Family Questions,Immigration Questions	California
Can real estate transaction be voided if seller has dementia & Alzheimer's Disease? My dad made a mistake signing real estate papers. He has Alzheimer's Disease and regretted it because he forgot reasons why he was not to sell. He completely for things and made a mistake after signing contract right away he called realtor and cancelled escrow telling him he was sorry and has Alzheimer's. Buyer is suing for non performance and wants the sale to go through.  The buyer's attorney was given doctor evaluation papers and one even stating from a doctor that he is not competent to enter a contract by himself.  This is in California, Los  Angeles area. Will this sale be forced to go through even though they don't want to listen to doctors reports he has dementia & Alzheimer's Disease?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
How can I get my deposit back from a landlord who broke the lease? How can I get my deposit back from a landlord who broke the lease? I was forced to move from the place because of rat infestation, as well as nothing was done when I moved in. The place had electrical problems that were never fixed, and according to the electric company was a danger. Also my patio was a swamp, because of sprinklers that were broken on my patio. It became a hazard for my children and I with the scare of West Nile virus. Nothing was ever taken care of after 6 months of paying rent to this landlord. I made the decision to move out, and now he will not give me my deposit back. I took pictures of everything and don't know what to do.	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I include money from parents as a source of income? My parents send me money on a monthly basis. Can I include that as a source of income?	Immigration Questions	California
How can my father come back to the U.S. if his green card expired and he needs medical attention? My father is a green card holder but he stayed out of the country for 5 years and his green card expired last september 2012. Now, he needs to back here in the US as soon as possible because he is very ill and needs medical attention. How can he come back in the US?	Immigration Questions	California
Way to stay in this country indefinitely, or other procedures to prolong my father's stay? I am a permanent resident in USA. My father is coming to live here with me since there is nobody else to take care of him (85 years of age). Can you please tell me if there is a way to stay in this country indefinitely, or other procedures to prolong his stay?Thank you in advance.	Immigration Questions	Illinois
If I'm starting a legal lead generation site, what is the most important thing i need to to get my company up? I'm starting a legal lead generation website, what is the most important thing i need to consider to get my new company up and running?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
When I get married can I use my marriage certificate to get a driver's license?
 When I get married can I use my marriage certificate to get a driver's license?	Immigration Questions	Florida
How can I get my girlfriend to the US to marry me? I am an American citizen. I have my girlfriend in Honduras that I want to bring to be with me to get married. How can I do that?	Immigration Questions	Illinois
Question regarding paying child support when ex lives with me and I'm housing our children? If spouse field child support but lives in my home with our children do I have to pay her child support for that time? I'm housing her & our children.	Family Questions	Florida
If I have been making payments to the DOR, how can I be in contempt if I am making payments? I have filed a petition for child support modification and the former wife has responded with a motion for civil enforcement for non payment of child support. I have been making payments to the DOR. How can I be in contempt if I am making payments?	Family Questions	Florida
How can I protect myself and my company without going bankrupt in the process? I run a karaoke business. I am being sued by one of the karaoke labels for "Trademark Infringement". Even though I purchased their products on cd legally from one of their authorized dealers, they claim I had no right to transfer it to a computer hard drive. I am operating as an LLC, so I cannot represent myself in court without a lawyer. If I don't get representation before the 17th, I will be considered "in default". How can I protect myself and my company without going bankrupt in the process?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
Do you have to sign or initial every page of a contract? Do you have to sign or initial every page of a contract?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
What are some of the ethical considerations in accepting a case?
 What are some of the ethical considerations in accepting a case?I'm a student.	Family Questions	Florida
Question regarding my son as a permanent resident? I am a citizen. My son (22 years old) is a  permanent resident  from April 2007. After getting his GC he went to school in India with proper Re-entry permit for  4 years. With GC and  re-entry permit he completed  5 years.  He is out of country for his studies. Eligible  for  Citizenship ?	Immigration Questions	Texas
How to get my husband U.S. residency when he started the process through his sister but not finished? i am a resident of the U.S. I've been a resident since '95. I'm trying to get info on how to help my husband residency in the U.S. He has already started this process thru his sister but has not yet completed the petition. What do i do?	Immigration Questions	Texas
Can a parent get a green card if one of their children (a U.S citizen) was diagnosed with cancer? Can a parent get a green card if one of their children (a U.S citizen) was diagnosed with cancer?	Immigration Questions	California
To file a petition through my wife for citizenship, Am i able to do this knowing that it has penalties? My mom is a us citizen. i tried to apply for citizenship through her whilst in the country on a b2 visitor visa. I was denied because she wasn't a resident between the ages 10-18 so i filed a petition i130 which would take 4 years to process. I overstayed my visa by 21 months and got married to a us citizen. I would now like to file a petition through my wife for citizenship. Am i able to do this as i know that overstaying a visa has penalties? My wife is now supporting me and we live together. If i were to go back to Britain i would have no family and and it would be very hard. I am 31 and love my wife and i love the USA and would like to work and start a family here. i am worried i might be deported and get a 10 year ban.	Immigration Questions	Idaho
Due to misinformation on the application, can I print another N-400 with correct answers? I filled my N-400 already and sent it. But due to my mistake and misinformation on the application, can I print another N-400 with all correct answers and give it to person who does the interview at the interview date? Should I just simple amend and fix errors at that time?	Immigration Questions	California
how do i get someone to sign paperwork removing me as co-signer of a car when they will not answer? how do i get someone to sign paperwork removing me as co-signer of a car, when they will not answer my phone calls nor will they go to the bank?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
If I live in CA, can I set up an LLC or S-Corp in a different state such as Minnesota or Delaware? If I live in CA, can I set up an LLC or S-Corp in a different state such as Minnesota or Delaware? I expect to have clients in multiple states but expect most of my clients to be located in the San Francisco Bay Area and Minneapolis. I do not require a license to practice in any state (am not a dentist, doctor, etc.).	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
We're aware the trademark process is long & drawn-out; but what about copyrighting? RE: Trademark and Copyright Property.  We have spent a LOT of time building what we feel is proprietary materials.  We're aware the trademark process is long & drawn-out; but what about copyrighting (to protect one's authorship/ownership)?  Can one affix (C) on the work and does it then take on the characteristic of a copyrighted material for that time onward?  What about folks that would "steal" from the copyrighted piece.  Is cease & desist enough and what if that is ignored? Is litigation common in such areas?  And, what's the best way to avoid litigation?  THANKS.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Massachusetts
Can landlord keep security deposit if we break our lease? I live in CO and I am a tenant. Because of relationship problems, we are breaking our lease, and the landlord wants to keep the security deposit in exchange for breaking the lease. Can she do this?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Can I copyright my iPhone app? Can I copyright my iPhone app?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
How to start a business? How to start a business?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Is it a binding contract for the warranty and can I sue if they are not willing to honor it? I purchased a vehicle the agreed price was 6400 out the door tax license and a year warranty on power train. The owner was in the building and made the deal.  When it came time to sign contract the owner left and another young man came in.  Took the cash and printed out the contract. The warranty info was not on contract he stated it is the lines don't match up.  He then stated he didn't know how to put the info on the contract.  The warranty paperwork was not filled out as I was told the owner has to do it and of course he had just left.The warranty information was then written in on the contract with a signature and date.  Is this a binding contract for the warranty and can I sue if they are not willing to honor it?	Consumer Questions	California
Sufficient settlement letter?
 Is this a sufficient settlement letter?After reviewing settlement letters online this lawyers email seems very simple and I want to make sure this is sufficient and that he can't come after me for the remaining balance. This is the email he sent me: I am writing to confirm that Credit Acceptance Corporation will settle this matter upon payment of $3000.00 which must be paid in cash or certified funds on or before November 30, 2012. Please be advised that the writ of garnishment currently in effect will not be released unless and until we receive the settlement amount indicated.	Consumer Questions	Ohio
Can my employer fire me for not washing my hands  without a warning while I'm in my probation period? Can my employer fire me for not washing my hands one time without a warning while I'm in my probation period?	Employment Questions	Florida
Question regarding entering the US and getting renewal denied? I came into the country in 1998 from El Salvador. I was 8 yrs old. My mom got me in the tps program so I got a social security# and a work permit but when I tried renewing it in 2003 it was denied. I am currently with a US citizen and we have a baby together. What would be the process to fix my papers if we get married? We've been together 3 years now.	Immigration Questions	Texas
Do you still owe money for debt when filing for bankruptcy? I lent money to an individual and had him sign a contract (IOU) that stated he was still liable for the debt even in the event of bankruptcy. He filed for bankruptcy and now claims he does not owe me the money. I think he does. Who is right? California is the governing jurisdiction.	Bankruptcy Questions	California
Can I still marry my friend for him to become a citizen if he is a legal resident with a record that is sealed? if my friend is a legal resident and got in trouble and now has a record but the record is sealed can i still marry him so he can become a citizen?	Immigration Questions	Florida
can i bring someone over from Ghana Africa and how long can she stay? can i bring someone over from Ghana Africa. and how long can she stay	Immigration Questions	Florida
If I ran two stop signs and was speeding does that qualify for 2800.2 vc felony evading? If I ran two stop signs and was speeding does that qualify for 2800.2 vc felony evading?	Criminal Questions	California
Can I get my license after 10 years if I don't take any classes? Can I get my license after 10 yrs if I don't take any classes?	Criminal Questions	California
For the Deffered Action application, how do we prove that we were in unlawful state as of June 15th? For the Deffered Action application, how do we prove that we were in unlawful state as of June 15th?To prove that we were present on June 15, does it count if we prove we attended school 3 days after?	Immigration Questions	California
Can a cop lie to you about needing to sign a paper & they arrest you at the station? CT law: can a cop lie to you about needing to sign a paper, then when you get to police station and speak to them they arrest you?	Criminal Questions	Connecticut
Legal steps if I have mold in my home and a landlord that is avoiding responsibility? I have mold in my home and a landlord that is avoiding responsibility. What legal steps should I take and what are my legal rights?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Connecticut
In what percentage of civil suits are the winning plaintiffs actually paid? In what percentage of civil suits are the winning plaintiffs actually paid?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
If I am trying to sell a piece of land for $1500 is there any way to sell without a lawyer? If I am trying to sell a piece of land for $1500 is there any way to sell without a lawyer?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can someone evict you if you are in a common law relationship? Can someone evict you if you are in a common law relationship?	Family Questions	Georgia
What to do if i have completed over fifty percent of job and customer fired me for no reason? What to do if i have completed over fifty percent of job and customer fired me for no reason?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
If you owe your company money, can that company garnish your entire paycheck? If you owe your company money, can that company garnish your entire paycheck?	Employment Questions	California
if i have my papers already completed & ready to file in court, how much do I still pay the court to file them? if i have my papers already completed and ready to file in court, how much do I still pay the court to file them?	Family Questions	California
Can I be sued in small claims court in Indiana if I live in Michigan? I live in Michigan.  Am being sued in small claims court in Indiana.  Can they do that?  Will they be able to garnish my wages in Mi?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
How long do you have to pay child support? How long do you have to pay child support?	Family Questions	New York
Question regarding owning a single member LLC in San Francisco and owning an Indian Private company? I own a single member LLC in San Francisco. I am an Indian citizen and partially own an Indian Private Limited company. I want my US LLC to be a wholly subsidiary of my Indian company. What are the things i need to do in the US after i have completed the procedure in India? Where will i be paying taxes if we we structure this in a way that LLC is a business booking company and Indian company serve as a servicing company? Our Indian company is involved in Legal Outsouring.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Can I sue a former employer for unpaid commissions? can I sue a former employer for unpaid commissions?	Employment Questions	California
If my roommate dies can his kids come put me out of the home we live in? If my roommate dies can his kids come put me out of the home we live in?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can i sue a person in LA if that person lives in CA, but the person has 2 businesses registered in LA? Can i sue a person in the state of Louisiana, if that person lives in California, but the person has 2 businesses registered in Louisiana?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How does a Canadian get a u.s. green card? How does a Canadian get a u.s. green card?	Immigration Questions	Florida
What to do if I have two $800 SNF checks & I can't do Small Claims because the party lives out of state? I have two $800 SNF checks.  I cannot do Small Claims Court because the party lives out of state.  What shall I do?  Thank you for your help.	Consumer Questions	Colorado
if i am the plaintiff in a small claims case and i win how long does the defendant have to pay me? if i am the plaintiff in a small claims case and i win how long does the defendant have to pay me?	Real Estate Questions	California
If I affirmed a debt for my ex without asking, would this be a one-sided contract that is unenforceable? I affirmed a debt for my ex-wife without asking or receiving anything in return. Would this be a one-sided contract that is unenforceable?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can I get divorced after applying for citizenship? Can I get divorced after applying for citizenship?	Immigration Questions	California
Question regarding our son as a partner in the home business? Our son is a partner in the home business. The business pays his income taxes. He feels that he should receive the refund we feel that since the business pays for the income tax his refund should go back into the business account. Which is correct? Refund to him or back to the business?	Tax Questions	California
Question regarding getting served for an unpaid wells fargo bank credit card account? I just got served for an unpaid Wells Fargo bank credit card account. What are my options being my husband lost his job?	Consumer Questions	California
Does my new husband have to pay my child support from another relationship? Does my new husband have to pay my child support from another relationship?	Family Questions	California
What is the statue of limitations on a contract for money owed? What is the statue of limitations on a contract for money owed?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can "site disclaimers" be copyrighted? Can "site disclaimers" be copyrighted?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Virginia
Can our landlord raise the rent for some of us but not for others? I live in Los Angeles in an apartment building with 6 units.  We've all gone past our year leases so are now month to month.  Can our landlord raise the rent for some of us but not others?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is a verbal agreement binding? Is a verbal agreement binding?	Employment Questions	California
Can i sue the person that ran me over if i was at the cross walk and a car hit me? Can i sue the person that ran me over if i was at the cross walk and a car hit me? I also had the walk signal.	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
How do I get my ex-boyfriend to leave my house? Hi, I'm a mom of 3 and live in a house my family owns. A boyfriend has been living with me for the past year and a half and recently broke up with me but refuses to leave and makes it to where I have to leave with my kids. How do I get him to go?	Family Questions	California
Does son owe money if given with signed gift note but no loan contract? My son has live-in girlfriend who has 2 live-in children. He has financially supported all of them for the last 2 years.  6 months ago, the girlfriend chipped in $15,000 to help him get custody of his 6-year old daughter with no loan contract and gave him a signed gift note. Does he owe her?	Contract Questions,Family Questions	Missouri
Is there a way to find out the particulars in rental law? Our landlord says we owe more than we do and I have all my documentation. He will not honor what I have because the women who "managed" the property was no longer in charge of the house even though he did recieve the payment.	Leasing Questions	Indiana
Can I copyright foreign language screenplay in US? Can I copyright in US a foreign language screenplay?Thank you.	Copyright Questions	New Jersey
Can I sue online video game company for fraud? Can I sue an online video game company for fraud?	Copyright Questions,Games Law Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Massachusetts
Legal structure or contract for work for equity agreement. What legal structure or contract would a work for equity agreement take, when the party doing the work/consulting is not an Accredited Investor and the equity is in a start-up?  It would be a part-time relationship.  Convertible Debt comes to mind but requires accredited investor status.	Administrative Law Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Finance Questions	New York
Can I get sued  for invasion of privacy because I posted a picture of someone's license plate? Can I get sued  for invasion of privacy because I posted a picture of someone's license plate on a social networking site	Criminal Questions	New York
Can applying for a driver's license in a different state than where I live affect my application for remover of condition? Can applying for a driver's license in a different state than where I live affect my application for remover of condition?	Immigration Questions	Connecticut
Do I have rights to my belongings ex-boyfriend has in possession? I am wondering do I have any legal right to my belongings that an ex of mine still has in his possession? Some of which were gifts from him but were in my apartment and when we moved I packed everything up and still to this day he will not return anything. The whole time we were together he promised	Administrative Law Questions,Family Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Partnership Questions	Georgia
Is there such thing as "squatter's rights" for my aunt who lives in the house for free? Thanks for your help. 3 years ago my mother passed away, leaving her home to myself and my 2 siblings. We allowed her sister, our aunt to stay in the house for free. We have paid all taxes, mtg, ins. and repairs. My question to you is this: Is there such thing as "squatter's rights" for her? Is there a point in time where she, not us is the "controlling entity" as far as the house is concerned? If there is squatters rights, when and how does it kick in? Thanks for your time.	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
If you have overstayed your time in the U.S., is it possible to get married and still get a green card? If you have overstayed your time in the U.S., is it possible to get married and still get a green card?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Does an arresting officer have to read a person their Miranda rights for a DUI arrest in California? Does an arresting officer have to read a person their Miranda rights for a DUI arrest in California?	Criminal Questions	California
What is startup employment agreement for 4 founders compensated with equity? Hi.  We are in the process of launching a startup internet business.  There are 4 founders, and all 4 are working 'for free' with compensation in the form of equity in the company.  Is there a standard employment/partnership agreement for this?  We want to make sure each party has the assurance of equity in the company, but at the same time I need protection if one of the parties leaves and no longer contributes to the development yet still legally owns shares of the company.	Executive Compensation Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Partnership Questions,Securities Questions	Colorado
Is it legal for a landlord to serve the tenant a second time with an unlawful detainer, after the tenant already responded to the first one and the landlord had lied several times on the first unlawful detainer?	Leasing Questions	California
Do I need lawyer for expungement court date? I was convicted of a DUI 4 years ago. I recently filed a expungement form and have a court date set do I need a lawyer for the hearing?	Criminal Questions	California
Attorney charging for phone and creditor meetings. We have employed an atty on a securities fraud issue, which involves the defendant going bankrupt. Paid for the 1st couple of (phone) meetings & mtg of creditors.  In contemplation of going to trial, we asked for an estimate of costs.  She charged us for the time it took to work it up. Is that fair?	Bankruptcy Questions,Employment Questions,Legal Questions,Securities Questions	Mississippi
I'm a student doing research on copyright laws for media.  I'm searching 5  different laws on google and can't find anything.  Please advise?	Copyright Questions	Texas
Can you include your 2nd mortgage when you file for chapter 7? When filing chapter 7, can you include your second mortgage in your bankruptcy?	Bankruptcy Questions	Florida
How to protect restaurant concept? I own a restaurant concept and a hotel wants to do a pop up concept of it in Mexico that runs for 1 year. Is there anything that I need them to sign to protect my IP regarding the concept (i.e. all recipes and logo are our property)? Also, is it okay for them to just agree to this in an email?	Franchises & Franchising Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,International Business Law Questions,Trade Secret Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
How to reduce ex-husband's monthly child support in contract? I am trying to write a contract for me and my ex husband in regards to his monthly child support.  I have agreed to lower the amount each month until he is able to find a better job, right now he is working twenty hours a week.  Please point out any important thing i must indicate in this contract.	Family Questions	Utah
How can illegal alien gain visitation or custody? My ex-girlfriend is hiding my daughter from me. I have not seen her since she was a newborn.  As an illegal alien in this country I was wondering how I could gain visitation rights or any form of custody?	Family Questions,Immigration Questions,Legal Questions	Colorado
How does buy-sell contract work in business partnership? We have been in business for 8 year and we have no buyout or buy sell agreement contract.  Now, the partners are at different places and one wants the other to buy them out.  They are in disagreement on the value of the buyout.  Any suggestions on how to best proceed to make this fair and reasonable for both parties?	Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Mergers and Acquisitions Law Questions,Partnership Questions,Retail Law Questions	Wisconsin
I posted a video on Youtube with a soundtrack but I am not making money on the video. Am I violating copyright laws? None	Copyright Questions	Indiana
How do I obtain full physical and legal custody of my son?  How do I obtain full physical and legal custody of my son? The dad hasn't been in the picture since birth but is on the birth certificate.	Family Questions	California
Do I need to make alimony payments while I am on the medical leave of absence? I am mentally ill and my doctor is putting me on leave of absence from work. It is an unpaid leave of absence. Do I need to make alimony payments while I am on the medical leave of absence?	Family Questions	California
If I was featured in a publication, can I display their logo on my homepage? If I was featured in a media publication, can I display their logo on my homepage in a "As seen in" section? Do I need to get their approval?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
I'm starting a brokerage, and my software vendor (the brokerage's software that will connect to the banks/ handle transactions & reporting of clients accounts), has some clauses in the contract about liability. They are saying that if their software malfunctions and causes me financial loss... Then the vendor will only accept responsibility in terms of the fees they have received in order to develop/license their program to my brokerage (which is not proportional to the possible losses/damage) For example - software crashing when it needs to place a trade for a million dollars transaction.Is this typical practice in mission-critical application vendors in the financial industry or should they seek legal advice from attorneys experienced in software contracts?	Banking Law Questions,Consulting Law Questions,Contract Questions,Software Questions,Web Application Development Questions	Florida
What are requirements to copyright business website? What are the requirements to copyright a business website?	Copyright Questions	Michigan
Oregon Contract Laws After signing a contract, does Oregon have a law of when that contract can be backed out of?  I'm asking because I bought a used car that is not working properly and isn't covered in my Extended warranty.	Consumer Questions	Oregon
Can I file for my citizenship if my wife and I are separated and living in two different states?  Can I file for my citizenship if my wife and I are separated and living in two different states?  We are not legally separated.  We have been married for 11 years.  I have been a resident for almost three years.  She is a citizen. I am a legal resident.	Immigration Questions	Florida
Can I sue my employer for firing me after 17 years of work? Can I sue my employer for firing me after 17 years of work?	Employment Questions	New York
Can a person in the same position receive more wages then one that has been with more experience?  Can a person in the same position receive more wages then a person that has been with 10 years experience? The new person doesn't have experience.	Employment Questions	Missouri
Can I get my last pay check without signing an application from that agency? Can I get my last pay check from my agency I work for 14 days without signing an application from that agency?	Employment Questions	California
How difficult to turn California S-Corp into Delaware C-Corp ? We recently started to work on out start-up and asked an accountant we knew to create a company for us, so at least we have a legal presence, about 3 months ago. The Company that is created is a California S-Corp. Now reading most of the blogs and etc, everyone is recommending to change this into a Delaware C-Corp before going to VC's for investment. How hard/easy is this ?	Administrative Law Questions,California Questions,Corporate Questions,Government Questions,Legal Questions	California
Do I legally have to take my husband's last name if I got married? I just got married.  Do I legally have to take my husband's last name?  I live in Illinois.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Trademark law: I am a baker and want to name certain mini cakes after famous characters. Is this a legal issue. For example can I name a small black and red mini cake "The Mickey Mouse", if not, "The Mickey"; "The Joker", etc.?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
With conjunction with my business partner, is it still my property? I have what I thought was a business partner.  I wrote and designed a piece of software, which we market under his name.  I wrote the software, I designed the website, I integrated the online shopping cart.  I was promised a piece of the company.  He owns the trademark for the company name.The product after 8 years of hard work on my part has begun producing.  Now he wants to pay me hourly now that the product is doing well.  The website did over $100k in sales last year.I wrote all of the code, from scratch. We have nothing in writing. He has given me money in the past, no more than a few k in a year.  Anything he gave me was in a check with LOAN in the memo.Is this my property?	Intellectual Property Questions	Georgia
Site for helping write demand letter to insurance company? Can anyone recommend a good site to help write a demand letter to an insurance company?	Consumer Questions,Insurance Questions	Nevada
Do I owe foreign withholding on a payment to a foreign national who performed services for me?  Do I owe foreign withholding on a payment to a foreign national who performed services for me?  Mostly in Canada but some in the US.	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	Colorado
Unable to verify that ex served with papers saying I have custody. Is there anything I can do about a constable not being able to sign a written statement about him serving my ex with papers that I would have custody after 45 days. She never came in to file for reconsideration now that the 45 days are up and she still will not give me the children. What can I do?	Administrative Law Questions,Antitrust Law Questions,Appellate Practice Questions,Bankruptcy Questions,Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I register business name? How do I register a name for my business?	Advertising Law Questions,Business Internet Questions,Consumer Internet Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Internet Questions	California
What document needed to remove negative record on credit report? What type of document needs to be filed to remove a negative record on a credit report?  Is it the same document for a civil claim judgement?Most are for credit card companies that accepted a lesser amount.	Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Finance Questions,Litigation Law Questions	New Jersey
How long is copyright in effect? How long does a copyright stay in effect?	Copyright Questions,Media & Entertainment Questions	Texas
Lawyer files motion to withdraw as counsel before upcoming deadlines. What do I do if my lawyer filed a motion to withdraw as a counsel last week? According to the TTAB upcoming deadlines in the cases we are suppose to produce Expert Disclosures and Discovery closes next week.	Litigation Law Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Filing a suit against Bank of America for stealing our house? I Live in NH. How do I go about filing a suit against Bank of America? I can not afford an attorney so I have to do this on my own. They stole our house and I wish to sue them.	Real Estate Questions	New Hampshire
How long does a solar contractor have before he can put a lien on your house? How long does a solar contractor have before he can put a lien on your house for a balance under $5000.00? And ruin our credit?Solar power contractor is not complying with our contract.	Real Estate Questions	California
Does amending corporate bylaws require shareholder approval? What is the process for amending corporate by laws?  Does it require shareholder approval?	Corporate Questions	California
What kind of licenses/tax IDs/permits do I need to buy at wholesale? Some manufacturers ask for "state tax ID" but I was told that reseller permit number is in fact a state tax ID number. Is that true? Or do I have to get the state tax ID from the IRS?	Tax Questions	California
The condo above mine flooded. Who is liable for the damage that was done to my condo?	Personal Injury Questions,Real Estate Questions	Oregon
What precautions should I take in case the tenant refuses to pay in future?  Hi, I want to rent my house. What precautions should I take in case the tenant refuses to pay in future? How can I evict someone quickly? Would it matter if there is no lease in place and the person is staying over the lease term? I live in California.	Real Estate Questions	California
Shouldn't court enforce all promises/agreements? Shouldn't court enforce all promises/agreements?	Education Questions	Wisconsin
Is it legal to have two different real estate agents representing you on two different properties at the same time? Is it legal to have two different real estate agents representing you on two different properties @ the same time?	Consumer Questions	California
Am I allowed to mention a movie (the Lord of the Rings) by name in a book I am writing?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	Colorado
Could I start my own separate external business based on this and similar processes and still keep my job?  I have developed a computer-based process for speeding up documentation production. I developed it at home and on my own time. Yet it would be helpful if I brought it to my employer, a global bank. My question hinges around ownership of the process: could I start my own separate external business based on this and similar processes and still keep my job? It does not compete with my employer's core business. If yes, would I have to 'hide' this business? More questions will follow based on the response to this query. I am willing to share this with my employer, but I don't want them claiming ownership or that I was 'hired to invent' this process because I wasn't.	Intellectual Property Questions	Connecticut
Can you sell a portion of your land if there is a mortgage still left owing on it?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Does anyone know where to get, or have, a strategic partnership agreement template they could send me?	Contract Questions,Partnership Questions	New York
Will dropped domestic violence charges appear on Level 2 check? I have 2 counts of domestic violence charges that were dropped. Will it appear on the level 2 check?	Criminal Questions,Financial Questions	Florida
What business structure should I use for a fitness consultation home business? What business structure should I use for a fitness consultation home business: LLC, corporation, or sole proprietor?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Oregon
What is the legal definition of a resident of a New York City apartment?  What is the legal definition of a resident of a New York City apartment? I've heard that if someone is living in a space for more than three weeks, they are legally a resident of that space. Is this true?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How long are copyrights good for? I would like to know how long are copyrights are good for. I have some that were renewed in 1972-79. I have been told that they are good for 70 years. A publishing company says that they are public domain.	Copyright Questions	Pennsylvania
How many days do I have to give the tenant to vacate: 30 or 60 days? How many days do I have to give the tenant to vacate: 30 or 60 days?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can the owner lock the tenant out when rent is one month behind? Can the owner lock the tenant out when rent is one month behind?	Real Estate Questions	California
In a divorce, if one party does not want to sign the divorce papers, could he or she still get a divorce without the signature?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
I need help with my I-90 form? I need help with questions 3,4,and 5 of part 3 of the I-90 form. I need to renew my green card, I was petitioned by my mother in San Francisco, Ca immigration offices I lived in South San Francisco at that time. I had to go to El Salvador to my interview/appt. at the American embassy, came back with a sealed yellow manila envelope which I gave to immigration officers in Los Angeles, place of entry when coming back, I need HELP answering these 3 questions, thank you.	Immigration Questions	California
Tenant rents to second person who fails to pay rent. I have assigned my commercial lease a second Tenant (T2).  T2 has failed to make rental payment to the Landlord (L).  Now I am being sued by the L. I know that I am liable. I am wondering what causes of action I can bring against T2 to regain my loss after I settle my case with the L.	California Questions,Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Leasing Questions	California
Can defendant testify about plaintiff saying they have liability insurance? Plaintiff and Defendant are in a car accident. Plaintiff gets out of his car and tells defendant, they are sorry but not to worry because they have plenty of liability insurance. At trial, can the defendant testify about what Plaintiff said about having insurance? Which FRE applies?	Insurance Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Tennessee
I was the original lease signee on my elderly mom's apartment. My mom signed the newest lease. Now we're having problems with the rental co. returning the deposit since she's moved out. The company will not speak to me as I am not on the lease. What can I do on my mother's behalf?	Leasing Questions	Minnesota
Is it legal to hold back paycheck to match pay cycles? Is it legal to hold back a week's paycheck after you've worked for a company for a year? The owner of our company is holding back a week's pay, so as to be on the same pay cycle as his newly opened franchise store.	Employment Questions	Ohio
Was husband's renal cell carcinoma caused by asbestos or Agent Orange? My question is that my husband died in October of this year because of Renal Cell Carcinoma. I want to know if this cancer is caused by working on asbestos or from Agent Orange?	Contract Questions,Government Questions,Health Care Questions,Leasing Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Are tax laws different from state to state? Are tax laws different from state to state?	Education Questions,Tax Questions	Indiana
Being sued for trademark infringement for domain I own. I am being sued for a domain I purchased in 2/2011. I have a temp site with a registration page for people to signup for the service while we build it. My company has the same name as the domain. This other company decides they want the name because they have launched an iPhone app. They filed a trademark but it hasn't been passed by the USPTO office. They are saying take the low ball offer (I would lose money) or they will sue. This domain is worth $100k minimum, 7 letter domain.	Trademark Questions	Texas
In Alabama, can a prospective employer ask to see copies of a prospective employee's tax returns and pay stubs from his current job?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Would the taller fence lessen our liability if an accident occurred after illegal entry? We are a 58-unit HOA. The board recently voted to replace a 42" chain link fence around the pool with a 6-foot aluminum fence. We were under the impression Florida code required a 6 foot fence around a public pool.  Now a homeowner is questioning the necessity of the 6 ft fence. Would the taller fence lessen our liability if an accident occurred after illegal entry?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Is client refunded for cancelled project when company deemed compliant? We are boutique web firm. We took on a client with 30% retainer. After about 3-4 months into the project we fell victim to the internal politics of the client side management  and client subsequently cancelled the project stating various reasons including incompetency demanding a full refund of the retainer. We responded to a RFP and did not have a written contract specifying payment terms, cancellation, arbitration etc. We billed 30% of the project with a formal invoice and signed an NDA. We are a competent team, handled many clients and we deem that we were in compliance up to that point in development milestone. The milestones were 30% advance? 50% on beta,  20% on final. Is my client entitled to the refund or we keep the retainer?	Contract Questions,Internet Law Questions	Illinois
Is it right if an employer pays us $6.50 and makes us pay to wash people's clothes out? I work at a cleaners in Westland, MI. Is it right if he pays us $6.50 an hour and makes us pay to wash other people clothes out of our own pay?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Am I responsible for warranties issued on items I repaired once I have seperated from a company. No contracts or articles of employment were ever signed. I never personally endorsed any of said warranties in writing. I am now being harrassed by the owner of said company regarding customers items. None	California Questions,Employment Questions	California
What corporate structure should I use to register my mobile app startup and what's the process for registering a company operating in NYC? What corporate structure should I use to register my mobile app startup and what's the process for registering a company operating in NYC?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
How do I set up a limited liability company? How do I set up a limited liability company?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	V1
If we have a stock purchase agreement along with a contract that we both agree on,  can we just get it notarized to be legal?  I'm taking over a business. If we have a stock purchase agreement along with a contract that we both agree on,  can we just get it notarized to be legal? Does it have to be recorded by a lawyer to be legal?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
What is the best form of incorporation if you expect vc funding? What is the best form of incorporation if you expect vc funding?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
Should contracts be in name of holding company or individual name? We have a holding company (LLC) for several Manufacturing companies (LLC's). We would prefer to streamline our NDA's, and Employment Handbook agreements and have them all in the name of the holding company.  What is the general best practice for a company structure like ours?	Contract Questions,Corporate Questions	Missouri
My brother and I have a partenership, and we decided to LLC company and make him sole owner.  My question is can we comprise a contract from a lawyer that states we are in this 50/50 in case something happens to business, or will the LLC be as it is?  Should we re do LLC to show 50/50?	Contract Questions,Corporate Questions	Ohio
Can my closely held corporation own another company that I set up?	Corporate Questions	New York
How to protect shareholder rights invested in foreign company? What is the best way to protect shareholder rights when those rights are invested in a foreign company?	International Business Law Questions	New York
If you use to own a business that was bought out by a corporation- and you are hired by the corp, then someone files a lawsuit against you and the old business name (and they know you now work for the corp) and they win a judgement can they touch the corp. bank account that you are a signer on?	Corporate Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Tennessee
/questions/27ed3939be/can-i-file-stipulation-of-notice-of-voluntary-dism/

What resources available to represent self and use evidence in small claims? California- Where can I find information on how to represent myself and use evidence in small claims court?	Litigation Law Questions	California
Is cease and stop required if using trademarked name as business, not product? Our Co. is Called "SA" as our company name.  At the time "SA.com" was registered so we went with "S-A.com". 3 months in business a Co named BA.com was selling a product called SA which is in same industry we were in.  we didnt think this would be an issue at time because this was our company name not a product name.  The trademark at the time of conception was not reregistered to a different company, this BA.com filled for trademark and is now asking us to cease and stop using SA.com, pay legal fees and hand over our facebook, twitter and domain.  Do we have any rights here?  does that fact that we were conducting business as SA.com before they even filled for trademark hold any value.  PLease help	Business Internet Questions,Trademark Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Arizona
How much does it cost for lawyer to put court date back on calendar? I missed a court date for traffic and now I need to have it placed back on the court calendar. Approximately how much would it cost for a lawyer to just do that?	Administrative Law Questions	North Carolina
How to properly sale a name? What's the proper way to sale a name whether it be for a book or for a business?	Advertising Law Questions	Arkansas
I was creating a publication startup with 2 partners. We formed a detailed business plan, without using anyone's names. Nothing was trademarked or copyrighted. If I create my own logo...and I use the working name am I inviting a lawsuit? I was creating a publication startup with 2 partners. We formed a detailed business plan, without using anyone's names. Nothing was trademarked or copyrighted. If I create my own logo...and I use the working name am I inviting a lawsuit?	Administrative Law Questions,Advertising Law Questions	California
How to protect IP when outsourcing programming/coding? I am co-founding a company with another non-technical friend. We are hiring out of state developers, paying them in equity, equity escalations, and a nominal project by project fee. My question is, how can I be protected from them building the idea themselves and cutting myself and our co-founder out? They know our target market and our idea inside and out. Thanks	Business Internet Questions,Consumer Internet Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Washington
Does company own rights to materials submitted by site users? Our company publishes content submitted by our users on our social networking website to attract like-minded users. Because it has been voluntarily submitted to our site, does our company own the rights to the work?	Business Internet Questions,Consumer Internet Questions,Copyright Questions	New York
Consultation on Patentability and/or Trade Secret protection? Los Potosinos is in the Specialty food industry. We package a proprietary blend of "Ready-to-mix" gluten free mixes for consumer use. Since both the packaging and formula are unique (Gluten-Free flours require a mixture to achieve optimum results based on desired product outcome), I would like to know what is the best route to protect these and make them assets of the business and to possibly license packaging to other businesses in the Ready to mix segment?	Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trade Secret Questions	California
Am I still able to apply the patent in another country before the US patent is issued? I applied a patent 20 month ago and requested no-publication at the time. After first rejection, I made amendment and received the allowance letter last week. My question is that if I still able to apply the patent in another country before the US patent is issued? (I will ask the rescission of a Non-publication request). Thanks for your help!	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Georgia
Is money brought by first-time immigrant to US subject to taxation? Greetings! When a first-time immigrant arrives in the US (a person who has done the green card interview at a US consular post abroad, and coming to the US for the first time), if they bring in money with them to start their life here, is that money subject to taxation? Thank you!	Immigration Questions,Tax Questions	California
Can opposing counsel in a civil lawsuit be sued for fraud? Can opposing counsel in a civil lawsuit be sued for fraud if it can be proven that they intentionally deceived the Court and the defendants and the State of California. They filed verified complaint with false information about the legal status of their client. They misrepresented, orally and in pleadings, the activities of their client that would have subjected their client to pay taxes in California and would have precluded the client from using the Courts for lack of capacity. This has cost us millions of dollars.	Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Securities Questions,Tax Questions	California
Am I required to file income tax if I am not a corporation? Am I required to file income tax if I am not a corporation?	Tax Questions	California
Should I file it myself and use an attorney for the full patent? Should I hire an attorney for a provisional patent or should I file it myself and use an attorney for the full patent? How much would each option cost?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
When a tech startup offers an online service, must they be patent? When a tech startup offers an online service, must they be patent?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
I want to protect a piece of jewelry and the name for it. What do i need for it (e.g. trademark, patent, copyright)?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Pennsylvania
Are seed deals typically structured as debt or equity? I am hearing of more companies getting early stage funding in the form of a convertible note.  Is this more common than preferred financings now?	Corporate Questions	Massachusetts
What business license would best suit engineer on F1 student visa starting consulting business? I'm a Mech Engineer currently on F1 student visa contemplating on starting up a business for providing consulting to architects, engineers, builders etc. I would like to know what type of business license would suit me the best? What would be the associated cost and effort in registering a business?	Administrative Law Questions,Clean Tech/Green Tech Questions,Commercial Questions,Consulting Law Questions,Immigration Questions	New Jersey
I am in the process of starting my own company and have found a partner. I offered him a 40% equity stake in my company in exchange for him to design, and build a custom website as well as maintain the website. What would be a fair agreement?	Business Internet Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Partnership Questions,Web Design Development Questions	Florida
Partnership with numerous businesses converting only one to LLC. A partnership has numerous businesses, including magazine. The partnership is forming LLC for magazine only. The partnership is not dissolving.  Are we required to convert portion of partnership to LLC?  Or simply file a California LLC formation documents with the Secretary of State?	Corporate Questions,Partnership Questions	California
Should I incorporate as a LLC or s-corp? Should I incorporate as a LLC or s-corp?	Partnership Questions	California
What are the legal requirements for starting an investment group in Arizona? I am thinking of a limited partnership with 2 general partners.	Contract Questions,Partnership Questions	Arizona
I have entered into a bad business relationship. My partner is not paying for any of the overhead and sends me disturbing and threatning emails. I also believe that there is some abuse of my web based business by way of moonlighting. Please help.	Corporate Questions,Partnership Questions	Michigan
Rights of owner if no operating agreement signed? (Wyoming) I own & operate (registered in WY. w/ PPB in AZ.). We have operated together for 7 months & are now having a dispute. We never signed an operating agreement. We agreed verbally to the ownership (changed a few times) but never (4 Founders) signed any documents. One of the founders never put his name on the articles of org. 3 of us (on articles) want to discontinue this business with the 4th (not on articles) and just finish up the project at hand. We want to start a new business (now), incorporate in AZ, & use a name almost identical to the original one. The other partner wants to keep the business and try to operate on his own if we left. What are the legal ramifications of starting a new co. (slightly different name) now?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Partnership Questions	Arizona
How to resolve wrongful shoplifting accusation? I was wrongfully accused of shoplifting. I want to know what procedures I can take to have this resolved?	Consumer Questions,Retail Law Questions	Georgia
Is there anything we can do about our ordering since they are in China? My husband and I ordered rings from a website that listed a NY as it's address. We asked them to cancel the order before the rings were made when we found out that the NY address is just a front for a business in Hong Kong. They refused to cancel and ruled the order and sent us the incorrect rings. They sent us rings that aren't even on their site. Now they want us to pay and ship them back which we cannot afford and want to charge us 25% restocking fee. Is there anything I can do about this since they are in China? i just need some advice on how to get my money back all of it even shipping.	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Please help my husband and the family's soul provider. My husband is being extradited to Florida for violation of probation and it's a felony. Do I need a public defender when I negotiate with the probation officer? lf no agreement can be made how much time is he looking at serving when he had 15 months left on a 2-year probation?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can I be taken to court after five years? 5 years ago I was charged with shoplifting and  just now going to court about it, can they do this?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can lawyer subpoena my personal information from mother? Can a lawyer issue a information subpoena to my mother and ask for my social security number and personal information? I'm 25 years old and a judgement was issued against me for $1,600. In the judge's order, it doesn't say anything about how long I had to pay it. Now this lawyer is charging more.	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can case be dismissed if witness makes inconsistent statements to police and in deposition? If the witness against me in a criminal case makes inconsistent statements in his statement to the police and in his deposition with my attorney, is that ground for the case being dismissed?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can you violate probation that you never started? Can you violate probation that you never started?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Is it legal, under any circumstances, for a non-lawyer to pose as court appointed council? Is it legal, under any circumstances, for a non-lawyer to pose as court appointed council?  If not, how much confidentiality can be assumed in even the most extreme cases?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Do you still need probable cause to pull someone over in a traffic stop?  Do you still need probable cause to pull someone over in a traffic stop?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Is there any possible way of getting an open work permit in the USA? Is there any possible way of getting an open work permit in the USA?	Immigration Questions	California
If I submitted the wrong form, will I be in trouble? I just submitted form g 325 instead of g 325a. Am I going to be in trouble? I guess I got confused.	Immigration Questions	Georgia
Can I get alimony if I'm a legal resident in Miami, Florida? I'm a legal resident in Miami, Florida can I get alimony?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Can illegal immigrant with children get greencard papers? I entered the U.S. without a visa. I have been married to her for 1 year we have two kids (4 year old and a 2month old) I entered the U.S. illegally about 10 years ago. Would it be really hard to get my papers?	Immigration Questions	New York
I recently (7/19) opened an account and sold items on EBAY - payments are made thru my Paypal account which I've had for years.   They have decided to hold the funds until 3 days after the item is shipped (at my expense) and received. Is this legal?	Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Finance Questions,Internet Questions	New York
Giving angel investors preferred stock? Our startup was launched five months ago and we have angel investors who want to invest about $500,000 in the startup.  They want preferred stock.  Should I give them preferred stock or give them common stock?  How should I proceed?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
Do I still need to register my Nevada llc as a foreign llc in CA? Hello,I formed a Nevada LLC (for tax advantages) but I'm mostly doing business in california.  If I create a California sole prop. type business, and make my Nevada LLC rent its equipments/website to my california business, do I still need to register my Nevada LLC as a foreign LLC in California?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	California
Will my bad credit ruin fiance's good credit when we marry? I am female and live in GA, and I have bad credit. I am getting married to a man in California with very good credit. Will my bad credit ruin his good credit?	California Questions,Consumer Questions,Finance Questions,Financial Questions	Georgia
If I worked in another country do I still need to pay taxes in my home state of Nevada? If I worked in another country do I still need to pay taxes in my home state of Nevada?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	California
How does one solicit donations for a student film in NY without legal ramifications? How does one solicit donations for a student film in New York City without legal ramifications?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	New York
How much taxes incurred by outsourcing operations and support? We are based in NYC registered as an LLC. Suppose if we outsource our operations software and support to China/India, what are the taxes and legal things we have to take care of. How much tax would I be incurring?	Business Internet Questions,Corporate Questions,Information Technology Questions,International Business Law Questions	New York
What are minimum legal documents for starting company with two co-founders? What is the minimal set of legal documents I should set up and have in place when starting a company with two other co-founders?	Business Internet Questions,Information Technology Questions	California
What is required (from a tax/legal perspective) for a service provider to do business with a client in Australia? We have a prospective client located in NSW, AUS who is interested in licensing our software-as-a-service product, where they would pay us in AUD.  We have been researching details of GST and ARBN, but it is unclear what is required for this type of ongoing (monthly) service engagement, where we have no physical presence in AUS (the web application would even be hosted outside of AUS).  If we can find someone knowledgeable about doing business with AUS, it may make sense for us to engage that attorney to review our license agreement for this client.	Contract Questions,Information Technology Questions,International Business Law Questions,International Trade Questions,Tax Questions	California
Can LLC general partner legally withhold financial information? I am a partner of an LLC which owns a 63-unit apartment building. The general partner has been ignoring my requests for the buildings financial information for the past year. Our operating agreement states that as a partner I'm entitle to company reports. Is withholding the information illegal?	Administrative Law Questions,Partnership Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
In California, can you validly assign interest in a trust, holding real estate to a LLC?  In other words, can you transfer interest in real property, without having to record it?	California Questions,Corporate Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Being a non-founder of a online tech startup, what are the most important pieces of information i must know to be a good financial position upon the company being aquired? What are the terms I must master in equity negotiations so that I dont get anything "put over my head"	Business Internet Questions,Employment Questions,Internet Law Questions,Tax Questions,Venture Capital Questions,Video Questions	New York
Can ex-wife come to son's sporting events on my scheduled visitation days? Can my ex wife show up at sports events of our son even on my scheduled visitation days?	Family Questions	Florida
What state should I hire an attorney if I live in NC but had an accident in NJ? I live in NC but had an accident in NJ. What state should I hire an attorney	Personal Injury Questions	North Carolina
How do I sue an ex-boyfriend for mental emotional distress?  How do I sue an ex-boyfriend for mental emotional distress? Also grabbed my arm and left a bruise, I want to sue rather than press police charges. He is prominent accountant.	Personal Injury Questions	West Virginia
I was a victim of a hit and run collision.  Am I entitled to more than the value of my car? I was a victim of a hit and run collision.  Am I entitled to more than the value of my car? I was not physically hurt and the woman of the other car was arrested with a dui or dwi.  Do I need a lawyer ? I was able to track down her insurance company 3 days after the collision.  Any advice on this matter would be appreciative.	Criminal Questions,Personal Injury Questions	California
If my son got a methadone pill off of the night stand at a hotel, should it go on my insurance or they pay? I stayed at a Wingate hotel last night in Atlanta. My 18 month old son got a methadone pill off of the night stand that was left behind. I had to call poison control and the police, and spent 4 hours at the hospital. He was ok, but I am wondering should this go on my insurance or should the hotel pay?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Can I use my tenant's security deposit to cover the September rent that he can't pay? My tenant gave me 30 day notice on Sept 5th. He cannot pay the rent for Sept.1. How many days does he have before he has to vacate??2.  Can I use part of his security deposit to cover the rent??	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can I still take the driver to small claims for the remainder I think they owe me? IM in California, I received a check for the damages for my truck that I received in a car accident from the insurance co. from the driver that was at fault. If I cash the check that they sent me that I think is unfair. Can I still take them to small claims for the remainder I think they owe me?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What shall I do if an accident injured a pedestrian on a city car driven by me? I plead not guilty under the doctrine of superior respondent. An accident injured a pedestrian on a city car driven by me. What shall I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Indiana
What is the statute of limitations for a personal injury claim in Colorado? What is the statute of limitations for a personal injury claim in Colorado? I rear ended a vehicle on 08/03/11 and had a case filed against me on 08/08/12. The vehicle I was driving was fully insured What should I do now?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Friend gave my children dolls, now threatening to sue. A "friend" gave me a collection of dolls for my children to play with. This was five years ago. She now wants them back and is saying they were worth thousands of dollars. I returned the ones I had but now she is saying she is missing some. She is threatening to sue. What do I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Maine
Can they give a fine if I don't pick up my car? My car is at a towing yard because it was recently involved in an accident. Can they give a fine if I don't pick up my car?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What to do if I haven't gotten paid since it's been 3 months since I went through arbitration? It's been three months since I went through Arbitration and my case was settled and I still haven't gotten paid. What can I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
You write a very successful book and find that a movie company is interested in making a motion picture out of it. You'd like to control the rights and demand the ability to have final approval over the script. Is that possible? None	Copyright Questions	North Carolina
Manufacturer requires MAP policy that hurts sales. We are an internet business dealing with manufacturer that require internet retailers follow a MAP Policy (min advertised price). Many of my competitors are selling at way below the MAP. After bringing this to the mfg attn, it does nothing about it.  I am losing sales & need advise.	Advertising Law Questions,Business Internet Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Florida
Hi, I plan to start to my own daily deals site, very similar to Groupon and Living Social. I have no idea where to start, legally. What kind of business license do I need and how much will it cost? What other forms do I need to fill out?	Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,eCommerce Law Questions	Nebraska
Can I use pictures of jobs I completed on website without employer consent? I'm a carpenter looking to build a website for my business. I would like to use pictures from jobs in which I was the employee, not the employer. Being that I actually did the work completed, am I allowed to post them on my site? I plan on giving credit to his business but do I need permission?	Construction Law Questions,Electronics/Devices Questions,Internet Questions,Web Application Development Questions,Web Design Development Questions	New York
Can employee be fired without signing "at will" agreement? is it legal for an employer to fire at will when an 'at will'employment agreement has never been signed, or discussed during the hiring process?	Employee Benefits Law Questions	Ohio
Mother's employer says she must pay for medical treatment if on disability leave. My mother has been off of work for 5 months now due to a job injury. She as been through physical therapy and just had surgery. Her employer said if she is on "unpaid" or "disability" leave, she has to pay her full amount of her medical benefits. Is this legal?	California Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Personal Injury Questions	California
What are typical legal costs for startups? I'm working on financial projections for a potential new business, including expenses- where I am trying to budget for legal costs.What are the typical areas of expense that a startup should budget for and what's a reasonable estimate for each category?So far- I'm thinking about:1. Cost of incorporation/registering trademarks/etc2. IP counsel (filing for protection)3. Drafting and reviewing client contracts and NDAs4. IP defense (including a reserve fund for damages, if needed)5. Privacy policy and terms of serviceWhat else?	Financial Questions	New York
Is my lease null and void? I signed a lease agreement on 9/15/2011 and put a deposit of $130.00 with "sure Deposit" this is what the managment company offered.  Now it appears that a new Management Company took over on 9/22/2011, and according to the letter dated 4/17/2012, they don't participate in this program.  They said, they "regret to inform us that our "sure deposit agreement" is null and void and are now asking for an extra $500.00 for a deposit.  Can they just break the lease like that?  It's not the tenants fault they have new management. Does this make my lease null and void also?	Leasing Questions	California
Is technology use obligated in trial if one side proficient? Is there an ethical obligation to use technology in trial if the other side is proficient in its use?	Litigation Law Questions	Florida
I signed a contract in 2008 to receive uniform services from a company. Is it legal for the company to automatically renew my contract for another 36 months after my initial 24 months? If I do not cancel 90-180 days before it renews, Am I charged an early termination fee?	Administrative Law Questions,California Questions,Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Franchises & Franchising Questions	California
Took internet payday loan, third party claims they are collecting my money. I took out an internet payday type loan. I now have a third party calling me saying they have been retained to collect my money.They say they are going to arrest me for check fraud. How can I tell if the people are legit?	Banking Law Questions,Finance Questions,Financial Questions,Legal Questions	Texas
What are US taxes for non-resident shareholder on capital gain and dividends? If US non-resident (offshore company, private individual, Swiss or Cyprus company) is the shareholder of Delaware company, what are the taxes in the US for this kind of shareholder on:1. Capital gain ( positive difference from the investment per share and sale price per share),2. Dividends.	Tax Questions	California
Can company be repossesed if sales agreement breached? X Inc. breached their sales agreement by not agreeing to pay the monthly payments to Y Inc. Y Inc. has not transferred stock. Can Y Inc. repossess their company even though such a provision was not in the sales agreement?	Contract Questions,Legal Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Mergers and Acquisitions Law Questions	Washington
Is lease for office space nullified if building sold? I have five years left on my lease, and my landlord just placed the buiding for sale that my office space is in. If the building is sold, is my lease still good, or is it nullified by the sale.	Contract Questions	Kentucky
Can I be sued in Georgia for defaulting on an equity line that was taken out on a home in Florida? The home was foreclosed on and recently sold.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
I have been asked to manage approximately 50 rental units for an individual property owner in Oregon.  I am not a licensed property manager.  Can I legally manage these properties without a property management license?  Could I just be considered an employee of an individual? None	Employment Questions,Real Estate Questions	Oregon
I need a non circumvention agreement for information I have on a company. Where can I get a standard one?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	New York
How to obtain Terms and Conditions, and software license for B2B location-based service app? About to launch App on the salesforce.com platform for salesforce.com customers. I need two documents, a software license agreeement and Terms and Conditions that must be signed by each subscribing customer.The app allows businesses to Locate any cell phone in the US, allowing my customers to locate their employees in real time. Works with any cell phone - no mobile app is required on the cell phone. I use location based services or LBS provided by the wireless carriers and abide by their Location Privacy guidelines, have T&C; of LBS provider as a starting point. This is a unique offering. I am a one person start up and hoping to find an attorney with relevant experience - need the documents ASAP.	Mobile/Wireless Questions,Software Questions,Web Application Development Questions	California
How to navigate IP awareness regarding competing companies? As a business development person, I'm constantly tracking new competitors and paying attention to what they are doing in the marketplace. I've been advised by lawyers in the past that I should NOT look at their technology or patent filings, as this would constitute awareness in the case of any litigation.Are there any best practices for being aware of what's out there, without setting yourself up for failure like this? Should I do so under the cover of client-attorney privilege with an IP lawyer- and have them look into it?	Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Technology Questions	New York
Is becoming S-Corp best for starting home-based business? I am starting a home-based business and would like to know if becoming an S-Corp is the way to go.	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions	South Carolina
Does partner separating from s-corp have duty of loyalty? I have a business partner who is unhappy and wishes to separate from the s-corp. Does he have a duty of loyalty or fiduciary duty not to compete unless being realeased from that duty by me, the other partner? Also, is he prohibited from trying to steal agents of the company as well?	Corporate Questions,Partnership Questions	California
What is correct form and procedure for lawsuit dissolving business partnership? I have been served with a lawsuit in trying to dissolve a bad business partnership. This comes after accruing a $10,000 bill for attorney services in trying to resolve the dispute out of court and failing. Since I can ill-afford another $10K bill (probably much more than that), I must respond to this suit myself. Is there a specific form and process I must follow? There are over 150 line items on the document. Do I answer each in my response that is to be submitted within 30 days? Thank you for any help you can afford.	California Questions,Partnership Questions	California
I made a $3000.00 investment with a "friend" 2 years ago in the new sports arena in Guadalajara, Mexico. I need to find out if any profit was made or not. Can you help?	International Business Law Questions,Partnership Questions,Venture Capital Questions	Wisconsin
Am I legaly allowed to charge an interest to my customers for a service if they do not pay within the 30 net terms of my proposal/contract, and if so, is there a cap?	Construction Law Questions,Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Legal Questions	California
Can a slogan or "made up " word be copyrighted?	Copyright Questions	New Jersey
Is sentencing without guilty plea or lawyer present violation of rights? My son got arrested and went to first appearance. There he was sentenced to 4 months in jail without pleading guilty or having the right to have a lawyer present. I was wondering if that was in violation of his legal rights?	Criminal Questions,Legal Questions	Florida
What will happen in court for putting hands on a police officer and evading arrest? Those are two misdemeanors and it's a first time offense and I'm 17.	Criminal Questions	Delaware
I want to have a fidelity clause in my prenup and my  attorney has never done one. I read about such on the internet, but no wording is found. Can you help?	Family Questions,Finance Questions	Kansas
Are no-action letters only for SEC regulators? Can a no-action request letter be sent to a state securities regulator or are they meant only for SEC regulators?	Finance Questions,Financial Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
What are my legal rights with a trust when my father has Alzheimer's? My father put a trust together for my sister & I and is now incompetent from Alzheimer's.  She is taking over the money and I want to know if I have any legal way to keep her from dissolving our trust?	Workers Comp Questions	California
Person comes into home for service, items go missing. If someone came into my home without me being there to do a service that I hired them for and some of my belongings came up missing, will I have a strong case if I file a lawsuit?	Litigation Law Questions,Privacy Questions	Alabama
Is it common for music company to get sole copyright for artist's work? My son has the songs that he wrote copyrighted. He recieved a contract from a music company in California this week, but part of the contract says that they would get sole copyrights to all of his music. My question is. Is that common with a music contract?	Bankruptcy Questions,Contract Questions,Copyright Questions	Louisiana
Can my baby's father get custody of my baby while he is already married with another family? Can my baby's father get custody of my baby while he is already married with another family?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
What to do if I just found out that there is a warrant out for my arrest and I want to resolve this issue? I just found out that there is a warrant out for my arrest, I was r.o.r.  I will be starting a job Thursday, and I want to keep it and resolve this issue.  I'm strapped for money for a real lawyer, and with me having a fta if I do turn myself in then everything is lost. How can i protect myself?  I want to do what's right. I know that once I turn myself in I might not get a bond, being in the system I can't fight in jail. What's the best advice you can give me? Please help!!	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a landlord use security deposit to replace carpet after I move out for the next renter? Can a landlord use security deposit to replace carpet after I move out for the next renter?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is a contract enforceable if it is not dated and is a contract valid without a date? Is a contract enforceable if it is not dated and is a contract valid without a date?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I be forced to sell property to pay off an heir to my dad's estate?  Can I be forced to sell property to pay off an heir to my dad's estate? There was no money left, only property.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
If I have modified a product for a particular use, can I copyright those modifications? If I have modified a product for a particular use, can I copyright those modifications?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Illinois
What is the alimony law in California? What is the alimony law in California?	Family Questions	California
How much should an attorney cost? How much should an attorney cost?	Family Questions	California
Am I obligated to take my son to his father at least halfway? If I'm separated from my so'ns father and I move to another city, am I obligated to bring my child to his father at least halfway?	Family Questions	California
Is there any reason I would have to pay child support in California after my child is 18? Is there any reason I would have to pay child support in California after my child is 18?	Family Questions	California
If I am raising money, can I show investors my patent pending technology white paper?  Or does this consider publishing to public and violation of patent pending process?	Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions	California
How much do I have to change a copyrighted house plan so that it doesn't violate the copyright? None	Copyright Questions	Pennsylvania
Are work hours paid or unpaid during uninterrupted 30 min meal break? Under Calif law, are work hrs paid or unpaid hours during uninterrupted 30 min meal break?Can food be provided to employee free or should it be reduced rate?	Employment Questions	California
Am I liable for bus crashes if I own a tour company, but I don't own the bus? I own a tour company, but I don't own the bus.  Am I liable if the bus crashes?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Can I change my attorney if my case was appealed to the superior court? real estate law involved.  I (my company) had sued the seller who didn't disclose the vital information on the house. We won the arbitration, they appealed, we won again at trail at common plea court. They now appealed to superior court on Feb 29. I am not comfortable with my attorney. Can I change attorney now? How much time do I have?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
What legal documents does a new business have to obtain or go through before raising money? What legal documents/procedure does a new business have to obtain or go through before raising money in a seed round?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Question regarding getting married in NV while our baby was born in CA? I got married in Nevada but I am a California resident. Our baby girl was born in California. If we got a divorce would child support be paid based in California or Nevada?	Family Questions	California
Getty images is demanding $1900.00 for the use of two pictures that were used on my website.  A third party developed my website. I did not know the pictures were part of the Getty collection. I have removed the pictures from the web site but Getty still wants there money.  What should I do?	Copyright Questions	Colorado
Legal to copy large portions of a website's terms of use and private policy for your own website? Is it legal to copy large portions of a website's terms of use and private policy for your own website?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
How do I arrange an equity agreement with my co-founder? How do I arrange an equity agreement with my co-founder?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Can a president of a S corporation keep his title after retirement?  Can a president of a S corporation keep his title after retirement?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
If I have been served by my ex-mother-in-law to petition for my sons custody, how can I stop this? If I have been served by my ex-mother-in-law to petition for my son's custody, how can I stop this?	Family Questions	California
At what point should I consider filing/see if I can file for patent? I am planning to develop a product that has a hardware component and a software/web/mobile component. At what point should I consider filing/see if I can file for patent? (idea formation phase, product design phase, prototype phase, product manufacturing phase, after product launch)Thanks	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	00
If I have a child and we have been living together but are not married do I still have to get a divorce? If I have a child with someone and we have been living together but are not married do I still have to get a divorce.	Family Questions	Connecticut
Can documents be reviewed online by an attorney for the LLC we created? Is there an attorney who can review the LLC documents we created before we send them to our other partner, and can it be done online?	Corporate Questions	Arkansas
Is it necessary to get a quit claim deed when there is a will to avoid probate? Is it necessary to get a quit claim deed when there is a will to avoid probate?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I sue state or county in NJ? Can I sue the State or County in New Jersey? Or are they Immune?Re: Their Employees Lying and causing me much Grief.	Commercial Questions,Consumer Questions	New Jersey
If I owe in child support, can they take any inheritance I get? I owe lots of child support. I was wondering if child support can take any inheritance I get?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Will being out of US over 6 months affect citizenship application? I have held a green card since May 1990. I did not live full-time in the U.S. until December of 2008 at which point I renewed my green card. I wish to apply for citizenship however I am not sure if the fact I was out of the country for more than 6 months at a time will affect the fact.	Immigration Questions	California
How long the marriage needs to last to complete his citizenship? I've recently gotten married to a man from Africa. I have questions as to how long the marriage needs to last to complete his citizenship? after going through all the legal things he needs/we need to do. I am sure it's going to last but I want to have a legal answer.	Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
Once a small claims judgement is won how is the best way to collect what paperwork is needed for the courts? Once a small claims judgement is won how is the best way to collect what paperwork is needed for the courts?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Does startup's generic IP agreement hold when signed by developers? Recently, I have been working on a startup (nonincorporated) with two other developers. I had them sign a generic IP Agreement (http://startupbusiness.com/Templates/employee-intellectual-property-ip-agreement) replacing the [Company] with our future-to-be incorporated name. Does this agreement hold?	Contract Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	New York
Against the law to let an employee two days off to attend school? Is it against the law to let a full-time employee not be a able to work two days a week in Order to attend school? Example my store manager told me that have Tuesday and Thursday off for school wasn't allowed.	Employment Questions	California
Is signed and notarized separation agreement legal? I have a separation agreement that was wrote by a third party and my wife and I signed it, and a notary signed it. Is it legal, and does it protect me, if I want to date?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can husband enter home without consent while divorce in progress? Can a soon to be ex husband enter my home without permission?  We were married 3 years are in the process of divorce. He moved out 5 months ago and his name is not on the deed to my home.	Family Questions	Florida
How to change C corp to LLC? How would I change the status of my C corp to an LLC	Corporate Questions	Washington
Can I sue the company and manager in small claims for breach of contract if banned and still took money? I want to sue the manager of a health club. I was banned for 90 days and they still took money out of my account during the band and then revoke my membership after the 90 day. Can I sue the company and manager in small claims for harassment, breach of contract and what else?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can you incorporate name and use it as two words on later documents? A church incorporates one name, such as "GracePoint" and then use it as two words, such as "Grace Point" on documents later. Is it legal or do you need to change the name?	Corporate Questions	Alabama
Do I have any recourse for having to pay for a common area hot water tank without my knowledge? I have been renting an apt in MA for almost 6 years and recently had to have the gas company come out to check for gas leak while they were checking everything they informed me that the hot water tank was being used for both apts and it is metered to my gas bill. I was never told by the landlord that I would be paying for hot water for 2 apts. Do I have any recourse for having to pay for a common area hot water tank without my knowledge?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
I have been married for 7 years now & I've been trying to get a divorce. How do I go about getting a divorce if I haven't seen my husband in 7 years? He left for Germany and I have no way to contact him.	Family Questions	California
Can I common law copyright an idea by mailing it to myself? Will this ever hold up in court?	Copyright Questions	Texas
How long does the landlord have to return the deposit to tenant? How long does the landlord have to return the deposit to tenant?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Does a Videographer own Copyright of his work until he is fully paid? Does a Videographer own Copyright of his work until he is fully paid by client? Videographer did not sign any kind of contract stating he would give up ownership.	Copyright Questions	Georgia
Is the Dream Act ready to be use for people who wants to apply or only in the works? Is the Dream Act ready to be use for people who wants to apply or only in the works?	Immigration Questions	Washington
If your boyfriend buys you a car for Christmas in 2010 and you just broke up, can he take it back? He always called it my car, he never drove it unless we went somewhere together, maybe 10 times. The car is in his name and it is not paid off.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have to legally write another check even though it was received by the recipient on time? I sent a child support check dated 11/15/2010. The check was received, however it was lost or misplaced and never cashed. It was found two weeks ago, and now the person the check was written to is wanting me to write another check from 11/15/2010. I am trying to find out if I have to legally write another check even though it was received by the recipient on time.  If you can please help me to answer this question. Thank you	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Do you have to pay child support if each parent has a child in Blair county, Pennsylvania, when both parents are working? Do you have to pay child support if each parent has a child in Blair county, Pennsylvania, when both parents are working?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I go legally repoing a car from a private party that I loaned money to buy the car that hasn't made any payments on the money that was loaned to her How do I go legally repoing a car from a private party that I loaned money to buy the car that hasn't made any payments on the money that was loaned to her? I should also tell you that the car isn't registered in either one of our names. It was bought and sold to her by a third party which is not involved with the agreement (the loaning of the money to buy the car).	Consumer Questions	California
Can I sue for wrongful termination if my boss lied to me? Can I sue for wrongful termination if my boss lied to me?I had made some mistakes on my time card and my boss asked me about them. I explained the mistakes and I asked him if he was satisfied and comfortable with my answers and he said yes. I was then put on paid leave and subsequently fired for falsification/misrepresentation of time entries. I have a witness to this statement by him to me. on or about 9/25/11	Employment Questions	California
What to do if the father of my daughter is not following the order and doesn't allow me to talk to her? When our child custody and divorce was finalized, it was decided that we have joint custody. My daughter resides with her father but he is not following the court orders and does not allow me to talk to her. What can I do?	Family Questions	California
What to do if I got stuck with every finance bills from my ex and says we share the kids equally? Husband filed for divorce. I got stuck w/ every finance bills. We have 2 children and he states that he does not need to help me w/ any kind of financial responsibility because we share the kids equally. He has a company by the name of Legal Shield helping him so I'm basically going of what he says and I feel kind of helpless.	Family Questions	California
Can I go out of USA without compromising my residency or greencard? I'm an immigrant- greencard holder. I went outside of USA for 10 months without re- entry last 2010 and when I was at the immigration they told me I overstayed and the officer warned me. Now, after 11 months of stay here here in USA I intend to go out of USA for 2 months without re entry. Can I go out of USA without. Can I go out of USA without compromising my residency or greencard?	Immigration Questions	California
What is the legal age a child can be left home while parent runs a quick errand? What is the legal age a child can be left home while parent runs a quick errand?I have twin 11 year olds, 9 year old and  a 6 year old.	Family Questions	California
Can my landlord tell me to leave after my 1-year lease is up?  Can my landlord tell me to leave after my 1-year lease is up? He gave me no reason as I am on SSI and can't afford to move and have no desire to move.	Real Estate Questions	California
What is best compensation for board of directors in early stage company? In the early stages of a company with little cash, what is the best way to compensate board of directors?  If equity, what is the fair and legal way to go about compensating them with the shares?	Contract Questions,Corporate Questions	North Carolina
Is it okay to have a my kid as a witness in family law? Is it okay to have a my kid as a witness in family law?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If I take my friend to small claims court for owing me money, is there anything the signature can do to help? I transferred and sold my vehicle to a friend that still owes me money from it. It's been several months and it seems that he's not planning to pay the rest off. I have it in writing with his signature that he still owes me money for the vehicle. If I take it to small claims court is there anything they could do to help?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Question about contracts enforceable? in a two party agreement where two parties are forming a new California corporation whereby one party is providing technology & expertise and the other party (investor) is providing cash in exchange for 30% ownership. The party providing technology has signed the contract but the other party has NOT signed, however, they have fulfilled their first obligation under the terms and payment schedule by remitting the first of five payments according to the contract terms and schedule. Has this party now signed or executed the contract by default having fulfilled their first obligation under the contract and is it now enforceable?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is it okay for a company to assume you will work on your day off? Is it okay for a company to assume you will work on your day off?	Employment Questions	California
Is my brother responsible for my late mother's convalescent stay as they are harassing him to pay it? My mother has died and my brother is the Power of Attorney. She only had Social Security, no other assets. Her Social Security was turned over to the convalescent home she was staying in. Is my brother responsible for her convalescent stay and hospice care. They are harassing him to pay it.	Family Questions	California
How much does child support typically cost for a child in their in youth? How much does child support typically cost for a child in their in youth?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a private citizen buy a government building for a borough?  Can a private citizen buy a government building for a borough? Isn't that buying government.	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
What are father's rights when he works but pays no child support? My son's father does not pay child support.  We have been to court but since the father was unemployed at that time, it was said that I would have to pay him if I pressed the issue.  The father now claims he is working and is still not supporting the child. I want to know what his rights are?	Family Questions	Colorado
What kind of Corporation or LLC is most ideal if I have 2 non-U.S. residents living outside the US? What kind of Corporation or LLC is most ideal for my situation? We have 3 key partners working on an web based service idea. 2 of 3 are non us residents living outside the US.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Am I entitled to any monies of the sell of the house? My grandmother died 8 yrs ago and did not leave a will but her daughter who also lived in the same house is the next of kin and presume became the probate registry of the estate. However the sell of the house was last year without telling me. Am I entitled to any monies of the sell?	Real Estate Questions	E6
Legal for renting tenants to be charged for roof repairs? Hi there, I received a letter from our property management company saying our rent is going up $50 to pay for roof repairs.  It's a six unit building and we are each being charged over $2000 for the bill.  I never heard of renting tenants being charged for roof repairs. Can they do this?	Real Estate Questions	California
How long do you have to move out of a house that you are renting after the landlord sells the home? How long do you have to move out of a house that you are renting after the landlord sells the home?	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do when gift deed is in my sister's name?  My father and I inherited a home gift Deed and it names both as joint tenants. My father passed away and I would like to remove his name from the deed. I spoke to my County Recorders office and found out he left a Gift Deed: Reservation of Life Estate to my sister. I was told currently Gift Deed with her name is the only owner. I am not sure what to do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What can I do to get the paper I need if a deceased name is on the title? Bought a motor home from an  executor of the estate. Deceased name is on the title with the executor of the estates signature. The motor home has been in storage for 5 years. Have a buyer for the motor home but can't get a hold of the executor, need something that states she was/is the executor of the estate. What can I do to get the paper I need?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
I just painted a mural for a local business owner.  I created a logo for the business while painting the mural. The owner is refusing to pay the bill. Now this is my art work and I would like to be paid for my work. What rights do I have to the art work?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Massachusetts
How to resolve racial discrimination at work? I was called a racial slur at work and harassed. I told HR and they did nothing but had a meeting with the person. What can I do to get this issue resolved? I have other employee statements to back my claims.	Employment Questions	Ohio
Is turning the keys over to the bank the same as Deed-In-Lieu-of Foreclosure and will it damage my credit? Is turning the keys over to the bank the same as Deed-In-Lieu-of Foreclosure and will it damage my credit?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
copyright law when employer neglects to pay employee for work assigned I was employed by an event photography company and hired to shoot event photography as their employee. My employer neglected to pay me for 8 months straight and that has now been over a year ago. I want to know who holds the copyrights to the events I shot for them since I was never paid for the work. And it looks as though they do not intend on paying me or anyone else.	Intellectual Property Questions	Missouri
What is the law on raising rent in an apartment with a lease? What is the law on raising rent in an apartment with a lease?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding neighbor causing harm to our property? Do we have any recourse when someone on neighboring property is doing something on their property that will cause harm to our property?	Real Estate Questions	California
As a tenant of property if the landlord enters your rented space without notice does it violated your lease? As a tenant of property if the landlord enters your rented space without notice does it violated your lease?	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I have legal grounds to ask the tenant to leave if the clause on 60 day notice isn't clear? I am a landlord and am renting out our house in Menlo Park, CA.  The lease agreement is for May 1, 2012 to April 30, 2013.  There is no clause for termination of the lease except "If the landlord or tenant is terminating lease, minimum 60 day notice is required."  However, we would like to move back into the house and asked the tenant to vacate with 60 day notice but he refuses.  Do I have legal grounds to ask the tenant to leave?  The clause on 60 day notice isn't clear whether it's referring to the 1 year lease period or after during the month to month part.  He has been a good tenant and haven't violated any part of the lease agreement.  I need help!	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I have my neighbor cut his tree down if all of the leaves are falling on my side? Can I have my neighbor cut his tree down if all of the leaves are falling on my side?	Real Estate Questions	California
Doesn't the landlord have to paint and clean carpets when we move out as normal wear and tear? I have rented the current house I live in for two years, there were a couple minor scrapes and dents to the wall and we have repaired them my landlord does not want to give me my security deposit back I am even paying to have the carpets cleaned.  Doesn't the landlord have to paint and clean carpets when we move out as normal wear and tear?	Real Estate Questions	California
If I'm a real estate investor, should I form an llc or an s-corp to hold my properties? If I'm a real estate investor, should I form an llc or an s-corp to hold my properties?	Real Estate Questions	California
Would I be able to rent an apartment if I'm 16 and I already have my high school diploma? I'm 16 and I already have my high school diploma. I currently live in San Francisco but want to move to Fresno to study there. The problem is I wouldn't know where to stay. Would I be able to rent an apartment?	Real Estate Questions	California
What can I do legally if my mother left my son for 20 minutes alone? My 1 year old was left home alone sleeping while her mother left for 20 minutes. I just found out about this and I am very upset. What can I do about this?	Family Questions	Michigan
What should I protect myself from if I'm starting an IT contracting business? I'm starting an IT contracting business and I'm wondering what should I be protecting myself from. I'm aiming to get small to medium businesses across the states.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	NB
f a company (a dog breeder), has a registered trademark on their logo, the logo consists of using the name of the dog breed with special fonts and characters, can they claim rights to that dog breed name in any and all advertising media? What are my rights if an advertising venue refuses to let me advertise under that dog breed name because the registered trademark registrant says she has sole rights to the name and only those she allows can advertise their dogs under it.  What can I tell the advertiser, if anything, to stress the fact they cannot refuse to allow me to advertise my dogs under the dog name/description that best represents my dogs?  Unless, I am misunderstanding what a registered trademark entails.	Trademark Questions	Virginia
I have created a  reseller agreement and I wanted to know if it's done correctly? I have created a  reseller agreement and I wanted to know if it's done correctly? Or can it be used in a consignment agreement?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
Can my landlord advertise his own business in my business parking lot? Can my landlord advertise his own business restaurant in my restaurant business parking lot?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I file for child support if we are not divorced but we are separated? Can I file for child support if we are not divorced but we are separated?	Family Questions	Georgia
When going into mediation, how important is it to have a lawyer/attorney? When going into mediation, how important is it to have a lawyer/attorney?	Family Questions	Florida
Do i have a right to refuse rent if my landlord refuses to fix anything? My landlord refuses to fix anything. Do i have a right to refuse rent?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How to get my husband citizenship after we had a child and married in 2006? I married my husband in 2006 and we have one child together. We have never tried to get him citizenship and we want to. It is time for him to get it. We don't know how to go about doing it. He has been here for over 10 years now.	Immigration Questions	Georgia
On a contract that is governed by the Florida State Law, is the clause below enforceable after the contract is terminated? On a contract that is governed by the Florida State Law, is the clause below enforceable after the contract is terminated?Associate: is prohibited from any and all future field support activities with clients CUSTOMERS of QCI for individual or company gains.Note: The contract specifies that ASSOCIATE agrees that the term of this agreement shall be 1 year.  This term shall be renewed automatically for additional successive one-year period.  However, either party may terminate this agreement upon issuance of a fifteen (15) days written notice to the other party.  Any such termination issued by QCI shall not prevent ASSOCIATE from completing assignments that may be in progress at the effective date of termination.Thanks.	Employment Questions	California
For an eviction proceeding, does the defendant need legal council? For an eviction proceeding, does the defendant need legal council?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I claim my children on taxes? i am divorced and have 5 children. I pay $1861/month for support. Can I claim any of my children on my taxes?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I evict because all the other units will get pets? A tenant after years of renting from us and knows there are no animals has gotten a prescription for a companion dog.  What rights do I have and can I evict because all the other units will get pets?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is a corporate debt for a service incurred when the service is ordered? Is a corporate debt for a service incurred when the service is ordered, or only when the invoice is submitted by the vendor? I am asking because I split with my partner in 2012 and carried the company forward, and contractually agreed to pay company debts incurred after date certain mid 2012. He therefore wants me to pay the 2011 company tax return prep which he ordered from his accountant as CEO of the company before we split, for which invoice came after contractual date certain from whence I would pay company debt. At a gut level this seems wrong. Quick Google search yields varying opinions, but some appear to say debt is incurred when company officer exposes company to debt upon ordering service. What is your thought?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Could you please provide me with the information necessary for making up the disclaimer of warranties?  I invented an new product. I assume that it can be used for some illegal means therefore wish to work out a disclaimer of warranties so to discharge responsibility for the consequences of such use. Could you please provide me with the information necessary for making up the disclaimer of warranties?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Is it against the law to put famous quotes on shirts to sell? I would like to start a T-Shirt company that uses positive quotes of different people for artwork. Is this against any copyright laws?	Copyright Questions	Florida
If someone typed up a contract and signed it, how can I get it enforced? If someone typed up a contract and signed it, how can I get it enforced?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
Do I still get commission after termination? Do I still get commission after termination?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
If I make a new company and use the Reg D 504, 505 or 506 exemption, will all the share holders receive restricted stock?
 
If so how long do they have to hold until they can sell? Are they able to sell back the shares to the issuing company for a profit before any holding period is completed?	Securities Questions	Illinois
If divorce happens do I get to keep the home without having to give to my ex 50% since he gave it to me?"  "We bought a home and my husband granted me the home as a gift (community property) I have the title on my name. If divorce happens do I get to keep the home without having to give to him 50% since he gave it to me?"	Family Questions	California
fraud, misrepresentation, or breach of contract? I worked in a famous University and made some discoveries. When I left there, I had a signed agreement with the University that if my discoveries was published, my name will be included as author. However, several years later, I found that a student wrote my discoveries into her PhD dissertation and got her PhD. and one big paper was published, but name was not included. I want to sue them. Should I sue the student or the University? Should the course of action be fraud and misrepresentation or breach of contract? Please let me know.	Copyright Questions	Michigan
Question regarding a story of my husband to be blocked? My husband was involved in an incident in early 2012 that was written up in the local paper.  The write-up was based solely on court records of the incident, and described their contents in detail.  This case has recently been "sealed" by the court, meaning that these records and their contents should now be off-limits to the public.The problem is, if anyone Googles my husband, that story comes up very prominently, defaming my husband, violating his privacy, and contradicting the court's decision that made this information off-limits to public.We would like to either get either the newspaper or Google itself to block this story from appearing in search results.  Which one should we pursue, and what should we tell/write them?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Massachusetts
In state of California, can I and how do I change a divorce to annulment? In state of California, can I and how do I change a divorce to annulment?	Family Questions	California
Possible to leave the company I am with & start a new company making a different version of the product? I want to leave the company I am with and start a new company making a different version of the product. The product is in the public domain and I have not signed any agreements or an NDA. Can I do this legally?	Employment Questions	California
What is the copyright law for citations? I'm annotating a book of literature and am placing dictionary definitions in the margins from dictionary.com. Can you tell me what the copyright law is for citations?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Does the defendant's Public Defender have the right to hire a private investigator? Recently I was approached at my home by a man declaring himself to be an "investigator hired by the state" to obtain a recorded session of me recounting all the details involving the man who is charged with two counts of Aggravated Assault and a second degree felony Burglary charge. Afterwards, I called the Victim Advocate here in Heber City, Utah, Wasatch County, and asked her if she knew of the State hiring a private investigator.  She immediately said that Wasatch County uses State deputy, law enforcement personnel to conduct its investigations, and that the man who represented himself to me as a "State hire" was not, in fact, hired by the State of Utah.  Does the defendant's Public Defender have the right to hire a private investigator?	Criminal Questions	Utah
True if my attorney can lump my homes from FL and NY together if he is only licensed in NY? I have a home in New York & a home in Florida. My attorney is setting up a trust for me but he is only licensed in NY. He told me that since only those two properties are involved, he can lump them together and it won't be a problem. Is this true?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Legal for my employer to miss the payroll for 3 weeks? I am paid hourly and pay period is weekly. My employer has been missing weekly payroll. Sometimes for 3 weeks.  Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is it legal for me to be fired for inquiring about a different job?  Is it legal for me to be fired for inquiring about a different job? the new job called my boss for a reference and he called me and fired me.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I go about withdrawing money from deceased mom's old bank account? How do I go about withdrawing money from deceased mom's old bank account? I have her Death Certificate and I am listed in will. We are in California and the bank is Wells Fargo?thanks	Family Questions	California
Recourse in business purchase contract and non-operational equipment. if a business is purchased and the contract states the equipment is operational and it proves not to be, is there recourse after the closing in FL?	Contract Questions	Florida
If I get married outside the U.S., will a divorce be under U.S. law if I live in the U.S. and my wife is not a U.S. citizen? If I get married outside the U.S., will a divorce be under U.S. law if I live in the U.S. and my wife is not a U.S. citizen?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	08
Is there any recourse for an employee falsely accused of stealing money from an employer? Is there any recourse for an employee falsely accused of stealing money from an employer?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Will listing our home address open us to liability, even if we are forming as an LLC? A friend and I want to form an LLC for a website. What are the recommendations for the registered agent and office? Will listing our home address open either of us to liability, even though we are forming as an LLC?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Wisconsin
Able to sue the person who sold me a faulty car? I'm wondering if I am able to sue the person that sold me a car and told me it was fine and didn't tell me the problem of the car? I can't drive the car as it's just parked . If I can what type of lawyer do I get?	Consumer Questions	California
How much would a lawyer charge me to fill out the deferred act in Georgia? How much would a lawyer charge me to fill out the deferred act in Georgia?	Immigration Questions	California
How do I legally start a printing press and use various bands and sports teams on my products? I'm starting a printing business and want to various use bands and sports teams logos on my products. How do I do this legally? What steps or possible costs would be in this process?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Georgia
Who must vacate the house: the receiver or the server? The person serves the divorce papers. Then who must vacate the house: the receiver or the server?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I take pictures of my music equipment and upload these to my website? I intend to have a web designer create an e-commerce site which showcases my business, which is music mastering. Can I take pictures of my music equipment eg. hardware compressors, equalizers, and upload these to the website (so that customers can have the assurance that I do have these equipment)?	Copyright Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
Can someone post pictures of a minor online without their consent? Can someone post pictures of a minor online without their consent?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Are you bound by the original price even though it was not discussed or can you stand on the corrected ad price? If you place an ad with auto-trader with the wrong price and someone calls about the ad.You make arrangements to meet the next day so they can see the car. During the conversation you do not discuss the price, when you hang up you immediately review the ad and realize you made the mistake and correct the price on the ad immediately. Are you bound by the original price even though it was not discussed or can you stand on the corrected ad price?	Consumer Questions	California
If I take the car back will the individual be able to sue me? I have a car that is in my name which is in the possession of someone else. This person has been making monthly car note payments for about nine to ten months. However I want the car back since the individual has yet to take it out of my name. If I take the car back will the individual be able to sue me?	Consumer Questions	California
Is it illegal to rent this house with these conditions and is it illegal to rent a house after you have already filed bankruptcy? Hi, my question is about renting a house. My husband and I are renting a home on a month to month basis. We have only been in this home for about 4 months and after the first month we noticed black mold growing throughout the house. In one room the floor is constantly wet. We also have reason to believe that the landlord has filed bankruptcy. Is it illegal to rent this house with these conditions and is it illegal to rent a house after you have already filed bankruptcy? My husband and I need to move asap, but it is hard finding a new place at this time. If you have any advice it would be greatly appreciated.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Like to read the "stand your ground" law? I would like to read the stand your ground law please?	Criminal Questions	Florida
I am a single woman age 76 and I have an old beau living with me for the past year.  He does not pay any rent or any bills.  When I die, will he be entitled to any of my estate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Lawyer failed to show up to court case for accidental fire. I recently paid a lawyer over 20K to represent me in an accidental fire case regarding a home I was renting. The case was continued on three separate occasions. On the third court appearance, my lawyer never showed up and I was charged with Accidental burning. Should this have cost me 20K?	California Questions,Criminal Questions	California
If we get accepted into a 3-month start-up incubator program, can out non-U.S. citizens come here for 3 months?  I have a start-up with 4 team members, two of which are non-us citizens. If we get accepted into a 3-month start-up incubator program, can they come here for 3 months? we would get 25k in seed funding if that helps.	Employment Questions	New York
I have a contract with a car dealer that I want to break. The reason is because the contract I signed says I am to pay $242.06 and the finance representative says I am to pay $288.36 a month. Are those grounds for breaking my contract?	Contract Questions	California
What to do with unresponsive supervisor who apparently fired me? I was harassed by a guy at work. I reported the issue to my supervisor was scheduled off the next 2days. When it came time to return  to work I called in to call off due to feeling ill and was told that I was taken off the schedule w/out being informed by my supervisor. I attempted to call my supervisor the next morning was told numerous times that she was unavailable and girl that answered the phone had been given my operator #w/out informing me. I requested to speak to my supervisor mgr and he would not answer my call but told the operator to tell me 2tocontact corp. When I contacted corp no one new anything and I was given the run around. Finally hr told me that they would talk to me in a few days.no call. After 5 days, I received a MSG On my phone asking when I would return my uniform.	Employment Questions	California
Do you have to change the carpet in my rental every 5 years? Do you have to change the carpet in my rental every 5 years?	Real Estate Questions	California
I have a pickleball paddle company for 7 years. I manufacture several types of paddles. One paddle is called the Pro-Lite Classic Graphite. Now another company has just produced a paddle, Pickleball Classic Graphite. I have no copyright on the name, but isn't this a violation? Names are on paddle.	Copyright Questions	Washington
Is it possible to patent a software-internet  application in the USA? Is it possible to patent a software-internet  application in the USA? How much are attorney fees and registration fees?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Can I get money out of my absent father now?  Hi, my father left my mom when I was born and never saw him till this day. My mother filed for child support long ago and i am now 18, he has never paid a cent. Can I get money out of him now?	Family Questions	California
How much is it to get a divorce from someone who refuses to divorce?
 If my fiance is still married to someone who wont divorce her in Guyana how much would it cost for her to get divorced?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Should I get a lawyer or pay for the traffic ticket for speeding 63/45? I received a traffic ticket for speeding 63/45. Should I get a lawyer or pay for the ticket?	Criminal Questions	California
Do I go to jail if I'm not able to repay? I have performed works for someone, he paid me $24,775 by 4 checks, I cashed them at my bank and spent it all. Now it turned out that they were bad checks, my bank is trying to collect from me, I have no money to repay the bank, the person whom paid me the bad check has filed for bankruptcy. Who is responsible for the money? Do I go to jail if not be able to repay? What are my options ? Thank you so much.	Employment Questions	California
If a month to month tenant moves and leaves personal items behind, how long do I have to hold for him?  If a month to month tenant moves and leaves personal items behind, how long do I have to hold for him?  Can I sell his personal items to get the money he still owes?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I evict the tenant before the 30 days? I own a property that my son and his girlfriend lives in. He has been in the property fort 10 or so years.   The girlfriend does not pay rent,  I'm told she helps out with the utilities and food.  He pays the rent to me. There is no lease or rental agreement.  Because of a big blow up the girlfriend refuses to leave, she has given my son a 30 day notice and plans to stay in the house with her two grown children for those 30 days.  Can I evict her before the 30 days?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can my Jamaican spouse be deported? I'm a US citizen married to a Jamaican. Can he be deported?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Is a job considered full-time at 32 hours or 40 hours a week? Is a job considered full-time at 32 hours or 40 hours a week?	Employment Questions	California
What grounds can my neighbor sue me on if I ran over her cat? I accidentally ran over my neighbor's cat and now my neighbor is threatening to sue me. What grounds can she sue me on?	Criminal Questions	New York
What protection can a lawyer give me to prevent wage garnishment from Cash Call? What protection can a lawyer give me to prevent wage garnishment from Cash Call? I can no longer pay them what I could since my job has been reduced to part-time.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Question regarding my company if it is British-based? My company is a British-based. It signed an agreement with a State government in Nigeria in Nigeria without any statement of jurisdiction. We want to take legal action against the State government for breach. Can we institute action action against the State government in the UK?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Will I be liable for bail if sister doesn't show in court? My sister has been charged with the following:elderly exploitationInsurance FraudUttering documentsAttempted Fraud18 counts of credit card fraudIntercepting US mailHer bond is set for $75,500.  If I post bail and she does not show for her court date, am I liable for the entire amount? It is my understanding that we have to pay 10% to get her out of jail.Also, what type of lawyer or can you recommend a lawyer in Miami Dade County. Thank you.	Criminal Questions	Florida
How long does copyright protect item? How long does a copyright last as protection of the item?	Copyright Questions	California
Can you move from a one-year lease into a month-to-month before renewing lease? Can you move from a one-year lease into a month-to-month lease before renewing lease for another term in the state of Pennsylvania?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a creditor take my assets? Can a creditor take my assets (i.e. car)?	Family Questions	Florida
Will new owner be required to serve me a 30-day eviction after the writ of restitution period is over? I was the tenant of a property that was foreclosed on.  I have been staying at the property through a writ of restitution but have not been able to find a new place to move into before the last day of the writ of restitution.  Is there any way to extend the period of the writ of restitution?  Will the new owner of the property be required to serve me a 30 day eviction notice after the writ of restitution period is over?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Since I gave notice and am willing to work the rest of the term, are they within there rights to end employment "at will"?  I am an employee of Co. X, and gave 2 weeks notice as required in my hiring agreement. I am being told my last day is tomorrow and they will not pay me for the rest of the notice period (8 days). Since I gave notice and am willing to work the rest of the term, are they within there rights to end employment "at will"? Or are they obligated to pay me for the full 10 days?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
This property was left to me with a monthly mortgage I have a probate property that I have limited authority on.  I would like full authority. How do I go about getting that?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How can I work additional child support with it as it exceeds my bi weekly paycheck?  I pay 50% of my biweekly paycheck to child support. Now I have 2 more kids from a different relation and child support has ordered me to pay an additional $576 for this case. This exceeds my bi weekly paycheck.  How will this work?  Also the child support is being garnished.	Family Questions	Louisiana
Do I pay child support until my daughter is 19, due to her not having a HS Diploma or GED? My daughter will be 18 on 11/12/2012.  However, she is only in the 10th grade. Do I pay child support until she is 19, due to her not having a HS Diploma or GED?  State is California	Family Questions	Florida
Question about tenant? I found out that a tenant painted a couple of rooms black without notifying me first (as it says on the rental agreement). If given ample time (notice by phone call) that I need to come in and photograph the unit, can I do this and how much time do I need to give the tenantLandlord Joanne	Real Estate Questions	California
Pros and cons of suing client who won't pay? I have a client, a lawyer, who refuses to pay an invoice for courtroom testimony. I do not want to alienate this lawyer or their firm, but I would love to be paid. The total bill is only $600, so it's not a matter of desperate need. It is, however, the principal of the issue that I am having a hard time with. I have a signed contract that clearly spells out my fees for testimony. I do not want to file suit or make more of this than necessary, but would love to have some input on how to handle this. Thoughts?	Contract Questions	Tennessee
If I  ask my landlord a question then she wants me to move what can i do about it? If I  ask my landlord a question then she wants me to move what can i do about it?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can non US citizen open legal case on US citizen? Can non US citizen open legal case on US citizen?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Conflict of interest if a lawyer represents a plaintiff in one case & the defendant's family member in another? Is it considered conflict of interest if a lawyer represents a plaintiff in one case and the defendant's family member in another?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Would like to 'legalize' the company and partnership? Myself and 2 friends started a company whose biggest project is an annual event. We currently have an MOU we all signed but we would like to 'legalize' the company and partnership?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New Jersey
Is there any way to avoid waiting for an immigrant visa outside the US and process the petition and wait inside the US without leaving the country at all? Hi, I am a LPR, I am planning to get married soon. The girl is in United States on B2 visa (I94 will expire soon). I am wondering if there is any way to avoid waiting for an immigrant visa outside the US and process the petition and wait inside the US without leaving the country at all?thank you	Immigration Questions	New Hampshire
Should not the company pay the full 10 hours if it's holiday and they only pay 8 hours? I'm a full-time employee working 40 hours a week, 10 hours a day, 4 days a week. When there is a holiday the company pays 8 hours for that day.  I feel I am being shorted 2 hours.  Should not the company pay the full 10 hours?  An example being this 4th of July week, I'll only be getting paid 38 hours.	Employment Questions	California
Can the person that a parent appoints to have POA have the right to keep the children in their custody? Can the person that a parent appoints to have dual power attorney, have the legal right to keep the children in their custody against the parents will or wishes?	Family Questions	California
Am I required to sign this document? I just decided to quit my job. I gave my boss my two weeks notice. However, she asked me that before I leave she needs me to sign a paper that says I won't work at a place like that and I won't give her recipes out, which are not even original or secret recipes. Anyone can come up with them. I do not have any contract with her or have sign anything before. Am I required to sign this document? The business is located in the state of California in Los Angeles County. Furthermore I have knowledge that she has never ask any of her previous employees to sign such document.	Employment Questions	California
Can a symbol be created for copyrighted works by someone else? If an organization has legal right to use and distribute someones intellectual property, does that organization have the right to create a symbol or logo for that property?	Copyright Questions	Georgia
Party I sued wants to settle without lawyers. I have signed an agreement with my lawyer but now the party that I sued has sent me a message that they want to settle without the lawyers.  What should I do?	Employment Questions	California
Can I be sued if someone has similar design copyrighted after mine? I registered & had researched my art sketch with the Library of Congress. I'm now getting cease & desist threat from someone with a similar design. They'd been using theirs longer but did not copyright until 7 months after me. This is a simple t-shirt design. Can they sue?Mine is different enough from theirs.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	North Carolina
If someone lives in a house and pays the property taxes, will the house and property be theirs? If someone lives in a house and pays the property taxes, will the house and property be theirs?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I take any legal action available to rectify online slander of a criminal record? I was online filling out applications then it came to mind to look up my criminal background for future employers when I came across a bogus "active warrant" issued for me. The info attained such as, warrant number, charges, and date of offenses are all fraudulent.There's also a case number but it's for five different charges.The arrest order has no report number, no courtroom number, name of judge or bond amount although bond is mentioned for all.There's no booking number or arresting address, court date or necessary information concluding the actuality of this event. I'm asking if there is any legal action available to rectify this slander?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Is it legal for someone I know to use my address as their credit card billing address in order to purchase something online? Is it legal for someone I know to use my address as their credit card billing address in order to purchase something online? They would use my address solely because they are abroad and the website in question does not allow international billing addresses	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
How can I make the father of my son support him financially?  I have a 9 month old son, and I live in the state of WV. I need advice, because the father of my child has put forth no effort to see him or help support him, and I want to know how long he has to neglect my child before I can relinquish his rights, because now he wants a paternity test even though he signed the birth certificate and went through the loss of my child's twin brother. Can you help?	Family Questions	West Virginia
Can a landlord who just bought property from old landlord give a 30 day notice for you to move because he wants to renovate? Can a landlord who just bought property from old landlord give a 30 day notice for you to move because he wants to renovate?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
A law against taking someone off the schedule when you have given your two weeks notice? Is there a law against taking someone off the schedule when you have given your two weeks notice?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can you quit your job and collect unemployment for any reason? Can you quit your job and collect unemployment for any reason?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I set up an irrevocable trust on my own? Can I set up an irrevocable trust on my own?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Should I file for bankruptcy if I owe $31,000 in debt? Should I file for bankruptcy if I owe $31,000 in debt?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I am charged with a class 4 felony for taking someone's food stamps card? I am charged with a class 4 felony for taking someone's food stamps card. Now I was reading online and it says it is only a felony when the value is 500 or more and less then 15,000. What I don't understand is the value of what I took was 200 dollars. Why am I being charged a felony? Loveland, Colorado	Criminal Questions	Colorado
What are my rights if I feel I work in a hostile environment with unfair practices and undo distress? I work for AT&T; and I feel that I work in a hostile environment with unfair practices and undo distress. What are my rights?	Employment Questions	Illinois
I'm thinking of starting a teaching business online for interested people. Is there a way to copyright my emails to the students so they cannot use my curriculum? And if I make an agreement that they will not use this info for other purposes etc, is it valid to people living overseas?	Business Internet Questions,Copyright Questions	Connecticut
Can a landlord offer 1 month free to one tenant to renew their lease, but not offer that same renewal? Can a landlord offer 1 month free to one tenant to renew their lease, but not offer that same renewal incentive to all residents?	Consumer Questions	California
How do I get a divorce and get my share of the property?  So my husband lives in Mexico. All of our property is located in Mexico. We where married in California. How do i get a divorce and get my share of the property? We have two kids which live with me in California and no he has never given me a dime for the support of our twins.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What to do if found out through social media that wife was having an affair while going through a divorce? I'm going through a divorce and just found out through social media that my wife was having an affair for over a year.	Family Questions	Florida
i would like to know if my wife has filed for divorce papers or not? i would like to know if my wife has filed for divorce papers or not?	Family Questions	California
What to do if my landlord is evicting me for their family vacancy and I haven't found a place yet? I'm a single mom of 7-year-old twins. I have lived in a small apartment riddled with problems from day one for 16 months. approx 60 days ago, landlords came to me and told me we were being given a notice to leave because they "needed the apartment for a family member." I knew this was a lie. There are several things involved and I believe that because I have been a tenant to tell them about the things that are wrong, is why they are asking us to leave. Now, here it is 60 days later and I am unable to find any other place to live. Other things have happened in my life and I know they will not grant an extension. Bottom line, they came at me unexpectedly and lied about it. I do not know what to do or where to turn.	Real Estate Questions	California
What are the requirements to establish an LLC?
 What are the requirements to establish an LLC?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Indiana
I want to know if a non affiliated person who holds letter of investment stock with a rule 144 restriction on it can sell his shares to a Qualified Institutional Buyer (QIB) before the end of the 6 month holding period. Can an exemption under Rule 144A apply? None	Securities Questions	Florida
How do I collect if I filed a small claims suit and won the judgement? i filed a small claims suit and won the judgement. The individual does not have legal property. How do I collect?	Consumer Questions	Florida
How detrimental is my liability if I originally signed a 12 month lease but stayed 22 months? I left for a better suited place for my business with 2 months left on my lease of a commercial space.  I cleaned out the property very well returning in very good condition.  I have a security deposit with the landlord.  I can't afford to pay double rents at this time due to start up costs in the new location.  I want to work this out with my former landlord.  How detrimental is my liability?  I originally signed a 12 month lease but stayed 22 months--always paid on time and in full.  I'm in the state of Georgia.  What's the worst that can happen to me?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
How to copyright band name and logo? How to copyright band name and logo?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
What do I do if I get a letter from a lawyer of an insurance company? What do I do if I get a letter from a lawyer of an insurance company?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is single member LLC or S-Corp better for individual? As an individual, which one is a better choice?	Corporate Questions	California
Lawsuit if my employer fired me cause someone sent an e-mail using my name on it to my employer? Someone sent an e-mail using my name on it to my employer. My employer fired me because of this. Do I have a lawsuit?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Is it legal to sign power of attorney with having alzheimer? My mom is in the latter stages of alzheimer's. Some friends got her to sign a new power of attorney, was that legal?	Family Questions	Florida
Internet Copyright Infringement Claim against me. A competitive internet sales site just had my Web Host shut down access to my own website claiming I was infringing upon her web images copyright.  I have searched online but can find no copyright "registration" on her part.  What are my options and/or rights here and how much would it cost to officially search for her copyright registration?  Also, is it common for a Web Hosting company to shut someone down on heresay?  What course of action should I take?  Thank you.	Copyright Questions	Minnesota
Can I go to the court and ask the judge to grant me without the signature for a dissolution of marriage? Hi, my name is Selene. I file for dissolution of marriage on 1/7/12. My judgement was filed on 6/20/12. I want to know if I go to the court and ask the judge to grant me without the signature because I'm moving out of the state. Will he do it since is on the final process?	Family Questions	California
Can an author of a book sue for unreported book sales, if he or she has proof that, royalties are not being paid? Can an author of a book sue for unreported book sales, if he or she has proof that, royalties are not being paid? How much can you sue for?	Corporate Questions	California
Can I get my appraisal cost back if I did not receive the service they promised nor have I received the actual appraisal? I was pre-qualified to re-finance my home and I paid for an appraisal. I have received the run around since December. I have not heard from this company. The Senior Loan officer won't answer or return my calls. Can I get my appraisal cost back?  I did not receive the service they promised nor have I received the actual appraisal.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question regarding my son as a professional athelete and represented by an agent? My son is a professional athlete and is represented by an agent. This agent had him sign a contract governed by the laws of British Columbia. They are now having a dispute, and he wants to know if this contract is enforceable in the united states?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Minnesota
How do I know if Memorial Day is a paid holiday? How do I know if Memorial Day is a paid holiday?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is my grandmother's son entitled to anything? My son's father passed away last year. He(my son's father), was adopted. He had 2 children. One from a previous marriage, then we had a son together. When he passed, his daughter had to take care of all legal matters, since she was the older one and legally his mother couldn't do it. I know for a fact, that my son's grandmother had plenty of life insurance on her son. When the funeral was over, my son's step sister had him sign some kind of paper that she had to get notarized. He did sign the paper without even reading it and she didn't give me a chance to look at it. They went into my son's room to do this. He still lives home with me and he was 19 years old at the time. He didn't get a penny from them. Is he entitled to anything?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal for an employer to force you to go to a job after completion to receive forgotten items after hours in my personal vehicle without pay or mileage? Is it legal for an employer to force you to go to a job after completion to receive forgotten items after hours in my personal vehicle without pay or mileage?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Since there was no investigation done and they have no evidence can my employer terminate me? I was terminated from my job on 6/1/2012. There was money stolen from the safe. They had no cameras but still blamed me and terminated me for it. Since there was no investigation done and they have no evidence can they do this?	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal if I have resigned from my firm and my employer refuses to pay me my bonus? I have resigned from my firm and my employer refuses to pay me - my bonus. I even have a notice in writing that the funds were to be paid for already preformed work. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	New York
Can my work go on someone's Facebook page and copy a conversation and reprimand employees? One of my co-workers was recently terminated.  A few days later the boss came to me with a copy of a conversation that the co worker and I had after she as dismissed. Can they go on someone's Facebook page and copy a conversation and reprimand employees for just blowing off steam or talking about them? I didn't get wrote up for talking with her. I felt it was just wrong to be on her page and she was fired days ago.	Employment Questions	Illinois
If you are on salary and get fired, what does the company have to pay you for?   If you are on salary and get fired, what does the company have to pay you for?  One day worked in pay period?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can you please advise how I can go about obtaining a legal visa to stay in America and to work? I've just been married to my husband who is an US Citizen and we want to apply for my papers... I came to America using the visa waiver visa as I am a nz citizen.. can you please advise how I can go about obtaining a legal visa to stay in America and to work?	Immigration Questions	Utah
Can I be fired from my job if I had an affair with another coworker's significant other? Can I be fired from my job if I had an affair with another coworker's significant other? It's a private practice in the state of Virginia and I am under contract.	Employment Questions	California
Do we have rights if told that we had overtime and must pay back the company for the hours we worked? I work at Walmart and scheduled hours are from 10 pm to 6 am. Assistant managers ask us to stay until 7 am. We are now being told that we had overtime and our hours are being cut again and we must pay back the company for the hours we worked. Do we have rights?	Employment Questions	California
Who can I sue if someone got arrested and used my identity? Who can I sue if someone got arrested and used my identity? Due to those charges my record now holds a felony. I lost 2 jobs due to these false accusations and charges. I really want to take action.	Criminal Questions	California
If my mom died, who becomes trusty?
 If my mom died, who becomes trusty?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can you close store instead of paying the fine? Pennsylvania  Liq Controle Board has issued us a fine of $ 3000 for noise complaints made by one person over 6 months period. Is it possible to close for a time as funds are tight and $3000 would be hard to come up with in the time they would like?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal for my business partner to use my signature to remove himself without my permission?  Is it legal for my business partner to use my signature to remove himself from the business without my permission?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Idaho
Is it ok to buy wholesale  Shoes online that claim they are authentic and resell them on your own website? Is it ok to buy wholesale  Shoes online that claim they are authentic and resell them on your own website?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Would I have dual citizenship with my Canadian boyfriend? I am a US citizen, living in Canada on a study permit with my boyfriend who is Canadian. If we get married, would I maintain my US citizenship or would I become a duel-citizen (as this would be optimal)?  And what would the citizenship status be if we had a child if the child were born in the US but permanently resided in Canada, or vice versa?	Immigration Questions	BC
Question regarding patents? In regards to patents. If I have 2 common widgets to the U.S.. Widget A & Widget B and I add a third uncommon Widget C to create a new product utilizing Widget A, B & C. Is this patentable?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Best way to set up an US non-profit org to receive donations and channel funds to churches overseas? What is the best way to set up an US non-profit organization to receive donations and channel funds to churches overseas?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Can we have a POA drawn up and signed in CA and have it be legal in AZ where they live? I would be the Grantor of a POA, and I live in California. My grandparents are visiting me in California but live in Arizona. Can we have a POA Drawn up and signed in California and have it be legal in Arizona where they live?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it legal to force a worker to sign a contract with termination and not allowing to work other options? I work for a non-destructive testing company in Madison Heights, MI. Today the plant manager gave us a document stating if we are fired or if we quit, we can't work for another ndt company for a year. Then he said if we didn't sign it we would be terminated. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Michigan
I want to produce and sell a product outside the USA which is very similar to a product which has a granted US patent. It does not have filings outside the US and  they are now time barred. Would there be any negative repercussions in my producing and selling the product outside USA? None	Patent Questions	New Jersey
Divorce My husband wants a divorce when he had his friend serve me. My husband was present. Is that a legal service in California? But the court had a invalid proof of serve on the website now it says there was proof now he is saying I have a default cause I didn't answer back in time. What do I do?	Family Questions	California
Do I have any legal remedies if I have entered into a barter situation with a contractor and has not kept their promise? Hello,I have entered into a barter situation with a contractor. I have completed my end of the deal and, now unable to get her to finish the job. I have left numerous messages for her to no avail. Do I have any legal remedies available ?Sincerly ,Lisa Capone	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a 19-year-old man marry a 15-year-old?  Can a 19-year-old man marry a 15-year-old? If they go up in front of the judge to see if he will grant a court order will he be arrested that is in Reno, Nevada. Please give me advice.	Family Questions	California
What does the law say about copying a news article and posting it on your own blog?	California Questions,Copyright Questions	California
Must an employer pay you when they give you call in days? Must an employer pay you when they give you call in days, where they require you to call in to see if they need you? My daughter was told by her employer that call in days are just like work days. She is given certain times of each call in day that she is required to call in. This is in California.	Employment Questions	California
What to do if I'm trying to sell my condo before foreclosure but the other person's title is nowhere? I am trying to sell my condo before it goes into foreclosure. The title of the property is in two names. The other person is no where to be found, but I have a power of attorney that the other person sign when the property was bought. Now the title company thinks that this document has expired. What can I do? Can a lawyer help me write a letter saying this document still stand since it doesn't have any expiration date written in this document.	Real Estate Questions	California
Am I require to pay for the replacement or do I have the rights to challenge?  When I moved out from the rental property, the management co. inspected the property two days later confirming by phone no major repairs necessary but came back 13 days later to inform me there is a pellet hole in a window and I am responsible to pay for the replacement. I don't know when the incident occurred and this was from the outside. Am I require to pay for the replacement or do I have the rights to challenge? They are deducting from my deposit for the repairs. Please advise. Thanks	Real Estate Questions	California
What are my rights if I was in need of hand surgery and was terminated? I was in need of hand surgery and was terminated because of it. What are my rights?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If the passenger in a car has an open container does the driver get the tickets? If the passenger in a car has an open container does the driver get the tickets?	Criminal Questions	California
How much notice does the owner have to give me to move?  If I am on a year's lease and owner does not want to re-rent the house how much notice does the owner have to give me to move?	Real Estate Questions	California
If I pay some of my rent can I still be evicted? If I pay some of my rent can I still be evicted?	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I have a case against the bank if my ex opened up a business account in my company's name? A well known bank allowed my soon-to-be ex-husband to open up a business account in my company's name. I brought this to their attention and they said they could not discuss it with me after telling me my name was not on the account. And there was nothing they could do to rectify the situation. Even after showing them my LLC paperwork. I am sole owner of my business and it states that on my LLC documentation. Do I have a case against this bank? If so what do I need to do to get this going?Additional info:I have tried going to the bank, they would not help. They told me my lawyer would have to handle it. I have tried filing a police report, the police said it was a civil matter because it was my (soon to be ex) husband who opened the account.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Criminal Questions	Alabama
Question in regards to the title on my late father's house? My father has passed away and left me as trustee on his trust and I have question in regards to the title on his house. Does the title have to be changed into my name as I am trustee? Note that my dads trust (50% of home)is on title now and my step moms trust (50% of home) is on title. I understand that this is a life estate for her, but when the house gets sold shouldn't it be under my name so that I can sign it off? Please advise. I just want to make sure that I do the right thing. Thank you in advance for your response.	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
/questions/cf41c958db/can-the-clause-of-employment-agreement-be-enforced/

Illegal if I have a law office's request that they want notarized & my company won't have them notarized? I work for a large company and I complete record request from attorneys. I have a request from a law office that they want notarized and my company won't have them notarized. Is that illegal?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can you patent a customized product? we recently started our business manufacturing bbq grills, smokers, and firerings out of heavy guage steel.  we have done patent searches and found no patents on similiar products.  we have talked to a representative at the uspto.  he told us that we can file for a patent but it might be unenforcable because of public domain.   There are several companies in texas that manufacture similiar products.  for us to sell to certain large companies they are asking for patents for liability issues.  AOur question is does it pay for us to apply for a patent on this product?   This is also a customized product.  Can you patent a customized product?	Patent Questions	Minnesota
Can I legally kick out of my home a high school student? In California, can I legally kick out of my home a high school student?	Family Questions	California
Is there a web site I can go to to check on cases in Florida for my research?
 Is there a web site I can go to to check on cases in Florida for my research?	Family Questions	Florida
Can my mother default on the visa balance due to medical hardship?   Hi, my mom was recently put on hospice and had to move from her apartment ($995 a month) where she lived independently to a board and care ($2,800 a month) where she can receive the around the clock care she needs.  She has a balance on her visa of $3,800 and was making timely payments of $80-$100 per month, but now can no longer afford to make those payments (she has $0 left over after paying the monthly board and care rent).  The visa is through her credit union where she has a savings account for emergencies ($1,300) and a checking account for the direct deposit of her retirement funds.  She does not care about her credit rating anymore.  My question is - can she default on the visa balance due to medical hardship?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can a child choose not to visit a parent with alcoholism?  Can a child choose not to visit a parent with alcoholism? If so, at what age?	Family Questions	California
True if you have been in the rented property for more than a year that a 60 day notice is required? Is it true: If you have been in the rented property for more than a year that a 60 day notice is required?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is the length of time does copyright protection last for a published book?	Copyright Questions	Florida
Is it legal to record a funeral/memorial service which includes live performances of copyrighted music to give limited copies to family members? None	Copyright Questions	Washington
As owner of an industrial unit do I have the right to bring a locksmith to open the unit?  As owner of an industrial unit do I have the right to bring a locksmith to open the unit? The renter owes 3 months rent and is not in the unit and does not reply to any of my calls.	Real Estate Questions	California
If I want to sue Holland America Cruise Lines who is their Agent For Process of Service? If I want to sue Holland America Cruise Lines who is their Agent For Process of Service and what address do I use?	Consumer Questions	California
If you work 7 days straight with 10 and 12 hour days on the 7th day should that be double time ? If you work 7 days straight with 10 and 12 hour days on the 7th day should that be double time or time and a half?	Employment Questions	California
Who has the right to the engagement ring if a guy cancelled the wedding? Who has the right to the engagement ring if a guy cancelled the wedding?	Family Questions	California
If a manager altered my timesheet and paid me less then what I worked for can I sue? If a manager altered my timesheet and paid me less then what I worked for can I sue?	Employment Questions	California
if I want to continue with company A can I do that when they already filled my visa? Hello, I am working with company A since Oct. 2010 as a full time employee with full time H1 B visa status and that is expires on Sept. 2013. Now before a month I planned to change to company B for full time employee and they have provided me an offer letter for full time employment at one location and they have filled my H1b visa with USCIS as part time employee without my knowledge as it is a full time employment per offer letter and I came to know about this when they have given me my LCA. They have already filled my visa before 2 weeks and waiting for approval. Now my question is if I want to continue with company A can I do that? And as I have not started job with company B just let u know as company B has cheated me by doing my visa as part time.	Immigration Questions	Michigan
Is the Executive Producer and full capital investor of a web series consider the owner of the production? Is the Executive Producer and full capital investor of a web series consider the owner of the production?	Employment Questions	California
What do I need to get together for paperwork to have a contract drawn up if I want to buy out my partner? I want to buy out my business partner. What do I need to get together for paperwork to have a contract drawn up?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
What can I do if there was no cancellation clause in my auto loan contract? There was no cancellation clause in my auto loan contract. What can I do about this? I feel deceived.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Questions regarding 4 non-US citizens with company incorporation? We are 4 non-US citizens currently working full-time in San Francisco on H1b visa for different employers. For the past few months, we've been working on a side project, which we now want to turn into a real company. We'd still like to keep our full-time jobs while building this company on the side.Is it possible/legal to do this?Do we need to find a US citizen to be a majority stockholder?How does it affect (if at all) our current visa status?Do you know any other companies that did this (incorporating while all founders work on H1b for other employers) before?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
If someone does not own a copyrighted image and does not own a license to the image as well, can the copyright owner request a cease and desist of use of that image whenever they so choose?	Copyright Questions	New Mexico
If my parents make a list and sign it, is this legal as a will? My parents want certain things to go to certain people when they pass.  If they make a list and sign it, is this legal as a last will and testament template?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
If I live in Venango County in Pennsylvania, how long should it take for the divorce to be finalized?  What happens after I meet with the lawyer, sign all the papers I need to and pay for the divorce? If I live in Venango County in Pennsylvania, how long should it take for the divorce to be finalized? and how long do I have to wait after its finalized to re-marry?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
A friend wants me to take over their business & they don't want any money for it. How do we go about doing this? A friend wants me to take over their business, they don't want any money for it. How do we go about doing this?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Best Practices if I am in the process of developing gaming concepts/technology to be sold/licensed? I am in the process of developing gaming concepts/technology to be sold/licensed.  I am concerned about how to protect the concepts/tech in progress while the ideas are being shopped.  NDAs are typically meaningless in this regard. Best practices?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
What's the best way to protect my assets? I'm a California resident, but own many investment properties in Florida. I have purchased all of these investment properties on my own, and in my own name. Now that I've spent the last decade accumulating these properties, I want to do what I can to keep my properties safe in case someone sues me, etc.What's the best way to protect these assets?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can a power of attorney be changed without knowledge or consent of the original person who has power of attorney?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Maryland
Can they repossess my truck if I have made regular payments on it? I received a call yesterday from the financial institution that handles my truck loan.  I have been making payments on this vehicle for 6 years.  Apparently the loan matured on June 3rd.  I was not aware of this.  I made my regular payment on June 6th and July 6th.  The call yesterday informed me that my truck is being referred for repossession unless I pay the entire remaining amount of $2100.00.  Like I stated I have made the regular payments on the vehicle and those payments were accepted by the institution and now they are telling me that they can repossess my truck.  Can they do that since I have made regular payments on it?	Consumer Questions	New York
If I'm not allowing my daughter to go with her father, can he go to court for that? If I'm not allowing my daughter to go with her father because I'm not comfortable with her going with him yet, can he go to court for that? And what will happen?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Who is liable for my security deposit, the landlord that I had when I moved out once my lease was over or the landlord that I signed my lease with that went bankrupt? Who is liable for my security deposit, the landlord that I had when I moved out once my lease was over or the landlord that I signed my lease with that went bankrupt?	Real Estate Questions	District of Columbia
How do you indicate that you do not have the requested documents? How do you indicate that you do not have the requested documents?	Consumer Questions	California
What do I need to do it if I want to make a LLC? I want to make a LLC. What do I need to do it?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
What is the first step in getting my son back? What is the first step in getting my son back?	Family Questions	California
Am I considered divorce if I lived apart from my husband for 25 years? I have lived apart from my husband for 25 years. Do I still have to get a divorce? Or are we considered divorced?	Family Questions	California
How can I get my attorney to provide a billing statement? How can I get my attorney to provide a billing statement and return any unused fee retainer?	Family Questions	California
Is it legal or not to lay off  an employee with a chronic disease (OCD) in Illinois? Is it legal or not to lay off  an employee with a chronic disease (OCD) in Illinois?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is it fraud to enter into a contract as a contractor if your bond is expired? Is it fraud to enter into a contract as a contractor if your bond is expired in the state of California?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Question regarding a small claim? I had a case in small claims court hands down I would of won but the Judge was feeling grouchey that day and threw out the case seemed like after he found out who his attorney was that could not be in smalls claims. What can I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Am I allowed to use quotes on business website? Am I allowed to include quotations from articles and industry professionals on my company's website (commercial) if properly crediting and citing the source (author, website, publication, etc). Will it be considered "fair use" or do I still need to obtain written permission from the source?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Can I get arrested for non-payment of a payday loan? Can I get arrested for non-payment of a payday loan?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How to maintain my full custody of my son when the mother now wants him back fully with child support? I was giving sole custody of my of son in 2010. After the mother had both of her children taken away from her, I received a summons today that she is taking me to court for majority rights of him and when she gets him back she wants child support. He has been with me for 2 years and she never paid me anything. What should I do? O don't know what my rights are or how to respond to this?	Family Questions	Florida
Can you have someone co-sign saying that you won't be responsible for non payment? Can you have someone co-sign for (for an apartment for rent) sign a document saying that you will not be legally responsible for non payment?	Real Estate Questions	California
If I got served for child custody and there's no proof the man is the father legally and is demanding visitations before court, should he get them?  If I got served for child custody and there's no proof the man is the father legally and is demanding visitations before court, should he get them? His argument is that I'm keeping my son from him.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I only do limited duties & still collect my half of the business if I separated from my business wife? My wife and I have been separated for 2 yrs now. We run a business together.  i want to know if I can only do limited duties and still be able to collect my half of the business?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
Is the letter enforceable in California if it's enforceable under Chinese law? I have a letter written in Chinese, signed by both parties, stating an amount owed as well as a payment schedule. The letter is not dated but the payment schedule has dates. The letter also states that this agreement is enforceable under Chinese law. The business that owes the money is located in California. The owner of the company also pledged personal liability -- the owner is a U.S. citizen living in California. The breach is for an amount around 188k USD. He owed $250k and recently stopped paying. Is this letter enforceable in California? How can we collect this money? What's the most cost-effective way to handle this matter?	Consumer Questions	California
Question about gaming community space startup? Hi, I'm creating a startup in the Gaming Community Space (for profit eventually, but will probably generate 0 revenue for a while).  I was wondering if I will run into any legal trouble by having video game logos/trademarks on my site.  Users will also be interacting, talking about, and discussing characters on specific game titles.Thanks	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Do we split the house if divorced?  If my husband owned the house before we were married, do we still split it if divorced?	Family Questions	New York
Can I sue my daughter for not paying her student loan that I cosigned for? Can I sue my daughter for not paying her student loan that I cosigned for?	Family Questions	California
Does my husband have to pay for child support if I agree for him not to? My husband and I are filing an uncontested divorce, with joint custody and I having physical. Does he have to pay child support if I agree for him not to?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Which business entity should I use for an online business? I live in Indiana and am starting an online business. I eventually plan to have a brick and mortar here soon as well. My long term goal is to make this an international success as well. My question is should my business entity be an LLC? I have read several different responses to this question but was told in the end to consult an attorney.	Commercial Questions,Copyright Questions,Corporate Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	Indiana
What happen to my late mother's business and does it get handed down to her family or her partner? My mother has passed and had a partner for over 18 years.  She also had a small business in her name.  I (or any of my siblings) have received anything and has already had a big yard sale.  She died quickly. She had no last will and testament template. I understand things need to go through probate. Need to know how to get that started?  Also need to know what's to happen to the business, does it get handed down to her family?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Do I have a case against the ER doctor or the hospital? My husband had a severe headache enough to be taken to the local ER. He was examined and diagnosed with a simple earache. He was given a shot of painkiller and sent home. Three hours later he was unresponsive and had to rushed to a larger area hospital by ambulance. He was diagnosed with a very severe case of spinal meningitis. If he had been given a simple blood test it would have showed a severe infection. He has lost some function of his right side and he gets very confused mentally. He now has to take seizure medication as insulin. My question is.  Because no blood test were preformed antibiotics were delayed. Do I have a case against the ER doctor or the hospital? We live in Fl. The ER is located in Alabama.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Am I liable to pay if a collection agency calling me to pay for my 30 year old son's past due bills? i have a collection agency calling me to pay for my 30 year old son's past due bills.   Am I liable to pay his bills?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If my daughter had a baby and put it up for adoption could my ex husband get out of paying for her college? If my daughter had a baby and put it up for adoption could my ex husband get out of paying for her college?	Family Questions	Connecticut
Is it legal for a bill collector to serve papers to a child when it was meant for the parent? Is it legal for a bill collector to serve papers to a child when it was meant for the parent?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
What can I do to get full custody or even just full physical custody? I have a 3-year old daughter who is being bounced back and forth between her mother and week by week. The mother has filed for shared legal and physical custody. What can I do to get full custody or even just full physical custody?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
If I'm being charged with assault should I bring a lawyer with me to my court date? If I'm being charged with assault should I bring a lawyer with me to my court date?	Criminal Questions	California
Does doctrine of inevitable disclosure apply to both partners or the individual in bad faith? Does the doctrine of inevitable disclosure apply to a self-employed consultant who has worked for a client and now the consultant wants to start his own business which becomes a direct competitor of the client? Consultant has not signed any non-compete but did sign a confidentiality agreement.If the consultant partners with an employee to create the business plan would the doctrine of inevitable disclosure apply to both or just the employee for acting in bad faith?If not, under what specific conditions would the employer get an injunction against the individual(s) to start a competitive firm?	Employment Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Ohio
What to do if I'm being evicted because of verbal argument over combo lock? What to do if I'm being evicted because of verbal argument over combo lock?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I freely use the cover of books on my website if I'm writing a summary about them? Can I freely use the cover of books on my website if I'm writing a summary about them?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	New York
Question about corporations and loans? Corporation A is a close corporation owned and managed by Jim and Sharon.  Jim owns 75% of the stock, Sharon owns 5% and Rob owns 20% of the stock.  Jim arranges for Bank 2 to loan Corporation A $500,000.00.  Jim and Sharon pays $400,000.00 to creditors who furnished supplies for the Corporation.  Jim buys a home and Sharon buys a new personal car with the remaining $100,000.00.  Corporation A can not pay Bank Two for the loan and defaults.  What can Bank Two do to collect the loan?  Discuss.  Can Bank Two file suit against the stockholders?  If Corporation A or the stockholder can be sued, discuss how.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	West Virginia
Does the statute of frauds apply to my mother or is there some assisted living bed hold exception?   New York ~ My mother is being billed by an assisted living facility for a "bed hold" charge of over $7,000 ~ no agreement was signed regarding this.  She was unable to return to her room because she was essentially evicted after returning to the hospital from a rehab stay at the same facility in which she received allegedly negligent care, resulting in an astronomical decline in her health. She is amazingly resilient and recovering, but now requires a nursing home level of care.  Does the statute of frauds apply here? or, is there some assisted living bed hold exception?  Thank you.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Is the landlord required to paint inside your apt if you have been in it for ten plus years? Is the landlord required to paint or make any changes inside your apt if you have been in it for ten plus years?Read more: http://wiki.answers.com/Q/Is_the_landlord_required_to_paint_or_make_any_changes_inside_your_apt_if_you_have_been_in_it_for_ten_plus_years#ixzz1xnVlUwWU	Real Estate Questions	California
Website extremely similar face copyright infringement? I'm looking into building a website, and I'm trying to better understand what is covered by copyright. I've read things such as it doesn't cover idea's just property. So in a website does copyright only cover the code and images or does it cover the concept of what the website does? For example. Say I wanted to make a website extremely similar to Facebook.com. If I use their ideas or connecting friends, and having profiles, but construct the website without copying any of their code or images, building all that on my own from scratch. Is that considered copyright infringement?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Can employees in Georgia engage a retired person as a ranger on the golf course in exchange for golf privileges? can employees in Georgia engage a retired person as a ranger on the golf course in exchange for golf privileges?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Does a divorce affect my residency or me becoming a citizen? i got my permanent resident through my husband whom I've been married for 5 yrs less than a year ago. We've been having problems and might be getting a divorce, does that affect my residency or me becoming a citizen?	Immigration Questions	California
How do I get my wife to stay in the US with me when I was in the military for awhile? Me and my wife got married in Colorado 4 years ago. I was in the military and finally got her back to the US on a visitors visa. How do I get her to be able to stay in the US with me? Please help her visa expires on the 9th and I don't want to lose her again. Thank you!	Immigration Questions	Washington
Can a 501c3 corp. authorize a pay increase without the majority approval of the governing board? Can a 501c3 corp. authorize a pay increase without the majority approval of the governing board?	Employment Questions	California
If I write a screen play, or movie script, based on a book by a Chinese author published  in China, do I need to get the original authors permission or purchase some type of rights? If I write a screen play, or movie script, based on a book by a Chinese author published  in China, do I need to get the original authors permission or purchase some type of rights?  The author is based out of Hong Kong.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Colorado
Does the life estate provision stand even if my brother's wife now owns the house due to my brothers death?  My dad quit claimed his house to my brother with a life estate provision in it. Since that time my brother has died. Does the life estate provision stand even if my brother's wife now owns the house due to my brothers death? We are in Ill.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What to do if landlord only verbally told me that he's selling the house I'm renting and I need to leave? My landlord informed me that he's selling the house I am renting and I need to find something ASAP. This was verbal. What should I do?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I provide my work address on my divorce forms?  Can I provide my work address on my divorce forms? I don't want him knowing where I live nor I want my parents finding out. Please help!	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What type of attorney should I consult to review an employment contract? What type of attorney should I consult to review an employment contract?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
If Credit cards are unsecured loans, who is responsible for paying them back? I am handling an estate with less than 50,000 liquidity and the rest of concrete possessions given in the will.    Credit cards are now hounding at the door requesting money.   She was a very old woman who could not leave the house so she shopped on  TV or through magazines.If Credit cards are unsecured loans, so who is responsible for paying them back?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Question about not paying between job sites? Can a house cleaning company make you meet at shop and clock in but only pay you time for actual in home cleaning time, and not between job sites?	Employment Questions	California
How can we get help to find our nephew who has been missing for 20 years? Our nephew has been missing for 20 years.  How can we get help to find him?	Family Questions	California
Do I have a right to ask for a written reason why I'm being fired? HI, do I have a right to ask for a written reason why I'm being fired?	Employment Questions	California
Can I purchase items on sale from a bigger retail store than sell them in my store? I am opening a retail store can I purchase items on sale from a bigger retail store than sell them in my store	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
I have a potential misdemeanor conviction. Will this affect my empoyment and license?	Criminal Questions,Employment Questions	Florida
Mother's apartment trying to evict me after her death. I'm living in my mother's apartment, but she died 4 months ago. Housing is trying to evict me and I want to know what are my options?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Monies from U.K. taxable in U.S.? My husband and I are retired.  He receives a State pension from the U.K.  Based on his work history I also receive a pension from the U.K.  Based on my work history he also receives an amount from Social  Security here.  I know that the monies we receive from the U.S. is taxable but I don't understand if the monies we receive from the U.K. is also taxable here.	Immigration Questions	California
If employees sign a waiver regarding overtime starting after 45 hours per week is this legal? If employees sign a waiver regarding overtime starting after 45 hours per week is this legal?	Employment Questions	New York
Does a LLC protect me personally if I have to terminate a rental lease prematurely? Does a LLC protect me personally if I have to terminate a rental lease prematurely?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can I copy forum discussions into free ebook? Can I use the content from forum discussions to make an ebook if I distribute it for free?  Such as, can I copy forum discussions into an ebook, and if not, is there something similar to this I could do?  Thanks!	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Illinois
What are my options if I have $6000 credit card judgement and the attorney would not accept even when I was offered $2500? I have a 6000 credit card judgment. Original debt was 2800 in 2008. I offered 2500. Attorney would not accept. Do I have any options in Delaware?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there a way I can retrieve a text message that I sent my friend that can prove my boyfriends innocence? I have a text message that I sent my friend that can prove my boyfriend's innocence. Is there a way I can retrieve it some how? We tried talking to his lawyer and they said it would be a hassle. If it can prove his innocence can't they get a court order? My friend also gives her consent into looking into her records also. The messages would be about a year old.	Criminal Questions	California
Document for Divorce judgement Hi, I need to know how to get a copy of the doc for final divorce decree with separation incorporated for NC. Thank you for any help.	Family Questions	North Carolina
Help for my company in our termination and default of a lease of a copier? I need some help for my company in our termination and default of a lease of a copier?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How do I recovering money from a loan modification lawyer who did nothing? I hired an attorney to help me on a loan modification on 4 separate properties, one in one city, and the other three in a different city. I payed him $8500 and he has done nothing. Therefore I have asked him for my money back and he refused to do so.  Can I open a case  on a small claim court? Also, do you know of any government offices and contacts phone numbers that help me on the process of recovering my money, as well as report this scam. Thank you.	Consumer Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Can my grandfather park his car without paying when he has a handicapped placard? In Missouri, can my grandfather park his car, with his handicapped placard, at a parking meter without having to pay?	Criminal Questions	California
Do I need permission from the owner to sell the images I take? I am a photographer and want to know if I were to go out and photograph old barn structures from a publicly traveled road, do I need permission from the owner to sell the images I take?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Pennsylvania
What percentage or fee does a lawyer get when a will is filed? What percentage or fee does a lawyer get when a will is filed?	Immigration Questions	New York
Protect myself from returning a product that says no returns when my credit card company says I can? I used a credit card to order expensive facial care, but it does not work. I called them and they don't accept returns. I called my credit card, they said I can still do return, just send it back and get post office receipt, then I can go to dispute and get credit back. I am afraid the vendor still won't give me credit back, I have paid it but no product.I am afraid the vendor refuse to sign the certified returned package and send it back to me.What is your suggestion to protect myself?	Consumer Questions	California
How can my husband and I make changes to our revocable trust? How can my husband and I make changes to our revocable trust?  We want to: change successor trustee; change distribution of the trust estate; add care for our dogs; add TSAs and other investment moneys.  Do we have to have a lawyer?   Thank you!	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If a president and a vice president of a small nonprofit group in PA signed a lease, are they fully responsible if the nonprofit is unable to pay on the contract?  If a president and a vice president of a small nonprofit group in PA signed a lease, are they fully responsible if the nonprofit is unable to pay on the contract? Are the personal homes of the two in trouble of losing the homes even if the spouse is not involved in the committee.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there an expiration date on filing for citizenship? My wife is Filipino and received her permanent residence and green card on Aug 2009. She is now eligible for citizenship. We would like to if there is an expiration date on filing for citizenship?	Immigration Questions	California
As the Respondent, why do I have to pay legal fees? As the Respondent, why do I have to pay legal fees?What happens if I am unable to pay my court fees?I just received "Notice Of Default" papers even though I received an extension by the court on my fees?	Family Questions	California
How can I apply for the residence? How can I apply for the residence?	Immigration Questions	Louisiana
I would like to start the process of getting legal status in the US? I would like to start the process of getting legal status in the US? My wife is a US citizen. I would like to know which forms are needed for that process? Also, the person who is willing to do the affidavit for me has a property in foreclosure. Can that affect the process?	Immigration Questions	Florida
What legal responsibility do I assume if I were to leave prior to a 3-month notice? My company is requiring me to sign a document that serves as acceptance of extending the mutual notice period of termination to 3 months. My year end bonus and salary increase is contingent on signature of the form. My  question is what legal responsibility do I assume if I were to leave prior to a 3-month notice?	Employment Questions	New York
legal for a landlord to charge a late fee for paying rent after the first of the month? Is it legal in California for a landlord to charge a late fee for paying rent after the first of the month?	Real Estate Questions	California
Typical compromise if we want to be indemnified against 3rd party claims due to negligence of IP? We are a seed-stage company using a consultant to develop our site, and are having difficulty agreeing to terms on indemnification clauses.  We want to be indemnified against any third party claims due to his negligence or misappropriation of IP, and his wants to be indemnified against all third party claims.  What is a typical compromise for these arrangements?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
What is the best way to set up the administration of the trust that my fiancee is creating? What is the best way to set up the administration of the trust that my fiancee is creating? We have had bad experiences w banks( Wells Fargo imposed never ending fees to release a trust he received), Chase Bank lost track of their employee and our records disappeared with him.) This new Trust involves several tricky requests; shared apartment income, take over as trustee of an existing trust, shared properties, etc.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What can I do if I was terminated and haven't received my severance pay? I was terminated by my employer and have not received my severance pay. What can I do?	Employment Questions	California
Can my landlord legally serve me a 3-day pay or quit notice through e-mail?  Can my landlord legally serve me a 3-day pay or quit notice through e-mail? I have received an emailed version, and found a notice on my door, but I thought it had to be sent through the mail?	Real Estate Questions	California
how can I apply for ICE if I am a Turkish citizen and now married to American citizen? Hi,I am Turkish citizen and now married to American citizen. How can I apply for ICE?	Immigration Questions	California
Can USCIS denied my applications if I sign my certificate photos wrong? Can USCIS denied my applications if I sign my certificate photos wrong?	Immigration Questions	Florida
What kind of documents do you need to file a I-130 form? What kind of documents do you need to file a I-130 form?	Immigration Questions	California
Do I need a Lawyer present during questioning by investigators pending criminal charges? Do I need a Lawyer present during questioning by investigators pending criminal charges?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
How to get another trial if no changes in custody hearing? Hi, My name is Rosalina Serrano. This morning I had a trial for a custody hearing. The judge left everything the same. I need to know what I can do to get another trial?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How to get my husband legal without returning to Mexico? How to get my husband legal without returning to Mexico?	Immigration Questions	Arkansas
As a new company, what else should be done in protecting our logo? We are a new company. In order to protect our trademark, we have just design a logo and plan to register through USPTO. As a new company, what else should be done in protecting our logo?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	22
The designer told me the price on the phone was correct at the time, then changed the price. What can I do? I had someone remodel my bath and he said on the phone the price was $3,950. Then he tried to bill me for $4,555. He told me the price on the phone was correct at the time, then changed the price. What can I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Why do businesses in NY Incorporate in Delaware and if they do, do they have to also incorporate in NY?  Why do businesses in New York Incorporate in Delaware and if they do, do they have to also incorporate in NY?  I am starting my own company and found that the big players in my industry are incorporated in Delaware and I do not know why.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
How to incorporate a company? How to incorporate a company?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
What's the best place to form LLC based on industry? Los Potosino's is a start-up in the wholesale food industry that caters to the gluten free market. I will be using a certified gluten free contract packager to custom blend/package flours to our specifications for sale through retail channels. I will start in the San Francisco, CA area and expand to major Latino markets as demand increases. My question based on these fact, where should I incorporate?	Employment Questions,Patent Questions	California
If I were to quit would I be able to get unemployment until I get a job? I have been at my job for almost 4 years and recently had a baby. I'm having trouble with working my schedule due to having a hard time finding a sitter since I work 2nd shift and asked to change it but they wont and I know they have changed other peoples schedules around to suit their schedule. Other then quitting I don't know what else to do. If I would have to quit would I be able to get unemployment until I get a job.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I need to set up a company, or file for trademark and copyright  before I upload my app in public? Hi,I am in the process of finishing my mobile application and would like to upload mobile app in Android Market and App Store in about 1 month. Do I need to set up a company, or file for trademark and copyright  before I upload my app in public? Thank you.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Do I need to have a judge or a jury decide for me when it comes to assault and battery? Do I need to have a judge or a jury decide for me when it comes to assault and battery?	Criminal Questions	California
what kind of release waiver do I need if I'm a kid starting a dog walking business in my neighborhood? I'm a kid starting a dog walking business in my neighborhood. What kind of release waiver do I have to make to assure that me and my family doesn't get sued?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Do we legally have to pay for our neighbors' car based on hearsay? Some neighbors claim that my sons broke their car window and that they apparently have witnesses and want us to pay for the damages. Do we legally have to do it?	Criminal Questions	California
Can a landlord raise your rent three times in a year?  Can a landlord raise your rent three times in a year? and can they raise it two times in three months?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is omitting characters in web address infringement? 1. Is dropping characters in a Web-address, (ask-question.com > askquestion.com),  infringement on the first said example if it a copywritten website address?2. If so, can I sue for share of profits made under that infringement?	Copyright Questions	California
If I am doing consulting in CA, should I operate as an LLC or just an individual? If I am doing consulting in California, should I operate as an LLC or just an individual with perhaps a DBA?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
What options does my friend have in getting access to the will? I have a friend (D) that was named as a beneficiary in his gay lover's (P) < a href="http://www.rocketlawyer.com/document/last-will-and-testament.rl">sample last will and testament	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Should I be given 30 days to move if I have been living in my sister's place? My sister leased an apartment for me under her name because I was denied due to bad credit. After 2 months, the apartment manager realized that I was living here, not my sister. The manager then said I have 4 days to vacate the apartment. Should I be given 30 days to move?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding my business name that I have legally registered is being used by someone else? My business name that I have legally registered is being used by someone else! They say there official name is bla bla bla but they go by my same name!!! Can they do this? They are making a bad name for my studio and my business.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Utah
If I'd like to divorce, should I apply for it in China or In the U.S? I'm a permanent resident in California. My husband is a U.S. citizen. If I'd like to divorce, should I apply for it in China or In the U.S? How can I prevent him from transferring or hide property and money?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Question regarding evicting my renters? I am trying to evict my renters.  They have no lease agreement or documentation of any kind.  All they have is some mail coming in and they finally just recently sent in for a change of address to the post office.  All the utilities are under my name.  How do i get rid of them legally?	Real Estate Questions	California
What do I do if the DEA are looking for me after taking my meds? I was stopped a month ago with some prescription meds on me by the DEA.  They pulled me in the car and just talked with me took the meds and left me on my way.  Then today they show up to my door looking for me. What do I do?	Criminal Questions	Florida
An international company is using my company name (that I have yet to trademark) for a product. If I apply for a trademark will I have any legal authority to get them to stop?	Trademark Questions	Delaware
As a 22 year old  U. S. citizen, if I file for my mother for a green card, does her current husband (not my father) also get a green card? As a 22 year old  U. S. citizen, if I file for my mother for a green card, does her current husband (not my father) also get a green card, and can my half-sister, 17 years old also get one?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Can I still file my i-130 form with immigration if I do not have the fee? Can I still file my i-130 form with immigration if I  do not have the fee?	Immigration Questions	Washington
How many days notice must landlord give to move out of the house if I am on a month to month lease? How many days notice must my landlord give me to move out of the house if I am on a month to month lease?	Real Estate Questions	California
What are my rights as a renter who has not served with a written 30-day notice to move out? What are my rights as a renter who has not served with a written 30-day notice to move out?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding a tenant in a foreclosed home and going to court on the unlawful detainer? I am a tenant in a foreclosed home. I am going to court on the unlawful detainer this week. I was only given a 3 day pay or quit. Should I have been given more time?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it legal to record music sung by a non-profit church choir on a CD to either given away as "outreach" gifts or for resale at cost to congregation members? Is it legal to record music sung by a non-profit church choir on a CD to either given away as "outreach" gifts or for resale at cost to congregation members?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Wisconsin
Can I sue Microsoft for using my name in their company name without my permission? My name is Bruce Rosof. Can I sue Microsoft for using my name in their company name without my permission?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Can I get a patent on a idea that involves the shape of a state? Can I get a patent on a idea that involves the shape of a state?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Can a non profit organization own a for profit business? Can a non profit organization own a for profit business?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
How do I proceed if I need to ask a court to order the president of the corporation to cooperate with me? I am the vice president of a NYS Non Profit organization. I need to ask a court to order the president of the corporation to cooperate with me. What is that called? And how do I proceed?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
Can an Organization have the same name as a small business? Can an Organization have the same name as a small business?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Georgia
Is it legal to get fired for no reason?  My wife and I are breaking up. Also, she is my manager at work and our problems have nothing to do with my job but she fired me, is this legal?	Employment Questions	California
Do I have any legal recourse to get my ex to pay for $400 in charges he made on our joint retail credit card? My ex-husband and I held a joint retail credit card at Best Buy. We never disclosed it in our divorce paperwork, and instead had a verbal mutual agreement that I would retain that card and use it and pay on it myself. All our other credit was held in our individual names and we also both agreed to pay our individually-held credit debts ourselves, so those were also neither stated in our divorce paperwork. Recently upon receiving the retail card statement, I noticed that he used the card to make $400 in purchases. I immediately called the store and they recommended I close the account, although the debt will still need to be paid. Do I have any legal recourse to get him to pay for that $400 in charges?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
I would like to start my own business from home selling crafts and jewelry.  But I don't know what legal business form for license and permit I would need.  How should I proceed?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions	Arizona
Anything I could do if my kid's father isn't paying child support? I would like to know if you're not married and trying to move. The kids father has a lawyer and he's not paying child support and not working. He keeps getting extension when we have court day. He already did it twice. Is there anything I could do? I don't have a lawyer.	Family Questions	California
If I were to divorce my husband can I get alimony for his infidelity? I have been married for almost 30 years. I recently found out my husband was unfaithful about 7 years after we were married and then again 8 years after that. If I were to divorce him can I get alimony, 1/2 of the annuities and some of his pension?	Family Questions	California
Who does the artwork belong to when my late father inscribed in his hand as belonging to me, dated and signed? In 1974 artwork was "pre-gifted" to me by my parents as a precaution(to avoid probate issues) prior to a trip, in the event that they both died on that trip.  My father died 2 years ago, leaving a simple will that left several specific things to my brother and I, but the rest of the estate was left to my mom and his sister with right of survivor-ship. the artwork is inscribed in his hand as belonging to me, dated and signed. It was not mentioned in his < a href="http://www.rocketlawyer.com/document/last-will-and-testament.rl">sample last will and testament	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Our contract has some references to the location of where our contract was agreed to - do we put Delaware or Los Angeles? We are a Delaware LLC but operate in Los Angeles.Our contract has some references to the location of where our contract was agreed to - do we put Delaware or Los Angeles?Example: "Regardless of the place of signing this Contract, Client agrees that for purposes of venue, this Contract was entered into in Los Angeles County, California, and any dispute will be litigated in Los Angeles County, California"	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How do I go about getting a business started? How do I go about getting a business started?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Pennsylvania
The transfer of business between spouses My wife has a very small cleaning business and has the opportunity to take on an additional business.  She is currently receiving social security benefits at age 64 which means if she goes over the income limitation, she will lose one dollar for every two she makes.  At age 67, I would not have that limitation.  We were wondering if we could transfer the business to myself so that we wouldn't face the dollar loss, and how to go about the transfer?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Michigan
Do I need the letter of approval if the court papers only say the courts need a thirty day notice before leaving with the address and phone number?  We want to move to Colorado and we live in South Dakota. The man that adopted my son lives in Wyoming and he says he will write a letter saying its ok. Do I need that if the court papers only say the courts need a thirty day notice before leaving with the address and phone number? Can we just go without being in temp of court?	Family Questions	South Dakota
How would I be able to protect my idea before going to companies with the idea? I have a restaurant concept/ idea that I would like to be able to sell. How if any way would I be able to protect it before going to companies with the idea?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Do I need to trademark, service mark, patent or all three to protect my idea? I have an idea for a restaurant concept including the name, slogan and logo. I would like to protect this idea, develop a business plan and sell it to a casino in Las Vegas or AC. Do I need to trademark, service mark, patent or all three	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
Do I still have to finish the promisory note if the individual died? I have a promisory note to an individule and he died  do i still have to finish paying?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is the suspension of the license indefinite until the tickets are paid off? So I have a friend who got their driver's license suspended because of outstanding parking/traffic tickets. She can't pay off the tickets because she needs to commute to work, but doesn't "qualify" for a provisional license; she's now living with her grandparents. 1.) Is the suspension of the license indefinite until the tickets are paid off? I've heard from certain sources that the suspension only lasts 6 months. 2.) Is there anything she can do to get her license back, so she can work and pay off her tickets?	Criminal Questions	California
How will I begin my process if I I want to take someone to small claims court? I want to take someone to small claims court. How will I begin my process?	Consumer Questions	California
Will I owe my ex money back for the roof and deck he helped built? My boyfriend lived with me in my house for the past 9 years. During that time, he spent money replacing the roof and deck. He moved out last week. I will be putting my house up for sale since I can not afford the monthly payments. Will I owe him money back for the roof and deck?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can the front of a bulding with a marquee on it be copyright protected? None	Copyright Questions	North Carolina
Can I return the vehicle without getting in trouble if they lied? I bought a new vehicle on Feb. 22 2012. I have yet to receive paperwork for my payments. I have called the finance company and asked them for my paperwork they told me I am not financed through them that they need more information of my income. I provide the proper papers at the dealership. I was also lied to about my interest rate. I was wondering since I am getting the run around about being financed already can I return the vehicle without getting in trouble?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
I would like to register a name; it will not be for a company, it will be for just family use. I will not have a listed phone number for it.  Its called D-N-A Paranormal Society in Portland, Oregon. Can I do this on my own or do I need legal help?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	Oregon
Is it legal for us to answer questions like this about a current employee? We have an employee that is seeking employment elsewhere, but leaving on good terms with us.  Therefore he has listed us as a reference.  He says he has accepted an offer in Ireland, and that company has contacted us as a reference.  They are asking questions such as the following: Reason for LeavingWhat characteristics do youmost admire about himWhat are his shortcomings?Was there anything he wastrying to change about himself, or should be trying toimprove on?How well does he relate toother people? Which employeesdoes he work best with:Superiors/peers/subordinates?We wish to give him an honest but positive reference.  Is it legal for us to answer questions like this about a current employee?	Employment Questions	New York
Question about private angel investors? I'm raising $1.2M from private angel investors (new tech start up in wine space). How much of the company should I be giving to them? 20 to 30%?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What can we do to an agreement that landlord has voided? My husband and I live in a mobile home park in San Bernardino county, Ca. A few years ago when my husband was in our backyard the ground opened up and he fell into the septic tank. The owner wrote up a contract which was signed by her, a friend signed as a witness and I signed saying we didn't have to pay rent or utilities for a period of time and that she would pay so much money and the end of the agreement as compensation. Now she has voided out the contract and wants us to pay her almost $10,000 in back rent and utilities. She mailed us a 3 day pay or quit notice. Since we didn't pay her the money she has had our utilities(gas, electric and water) shut off and has the wires and etc cut so we couldn't turn them back on. What can we do ?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can the breeder enforce the contract since she profits from the recommended dog food?   I purchased a dog from a breeder in New Mexico and signed a contract advising that I must feed her their recommended dog food or the contract is void.  After a few months, my dog refused to eat the food so I changed it to a higher rated food which she readily ate.  About 3 months ago my dog suffered 2 seizures which was diagnosed as inherent epilepsy.  The breeder refuses to reimburse me for the fees paid for the dog (purchase price).  I have since found out the breeder is a distributor of the recommended dog food.  Can she enforce the contract since she profits from the recommended dog food?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What spousal support would be reasonable to pay me, a wife of 20 years that has no job?  Based on a $15,000 a month income, what spousal support would be reasonable to pay me (Jill), a wife of 20 years that has no job? My husband has a career, and spends 2500 a month on our son in a boarding school (he is 15 y/o). We also have another 17 year old daughter that just recently moved in with him. 2 other children are adults. The 18 year lives with him did not finish school. The other 20 y/o goes to college.The other factor is, that he has lied about his earnings and claims he makes less than he actually does by 75K to 100K. There are 2 businesses involved that at community property that have a real monetary value. How can the portion that belongs to me, be dispersed to me?	Family Questions	California
Can I use Microsoft clip art for the cover of my self-published book if I have the licensing with them? Can I use Microsoft clip art for the cover of my self-published book if I have the licensing agreement with Microsoft?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	South Dakota
Question regarding my husband, who is a licensed real estate agent, and I forming an S-Corp together? My husband, who is a licensed real estate agent, and I (without a license) want to form an S-Corp for a real estate company together (50/50 ownership). He receives he commissions from a broker, which will be paid to the S-Corp name once it is established, and then we will pay each of us salaries and profit sharing.  Is this structure legal, or do I need to have a license to be a partner in the S-Corp?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Can my daughter file for her mother who is already living in US? My daughter is 21 who is going to file for her Mother who is already living in USA. How long does it take and can she file?	Immigration Questions	Pennsylvania
Can mother-in-law return purchased car with no receipt, only car title? My mother-in-law bought a car last night. She paid cash and did not get a receipt, only the car title. They were to meet up today to transfer the title. Before transferring she had the car looked over by a mechanic and he stated that the car needed a lot of work. Can she return the car for refund?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my contract be reviewed if I'm drafting a contract for my company,and I am missing a few key areas? I am drafting a contract for my company, and I am missing a few key areas. Can my contract be reviewed?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Is an oral contract legal? Is an oral contract legal	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can a tenant lease be for less than a year? Can a tenant lease be for less than a year (say 10 months)?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
How long does it take to apply for a green card for my family when my US parents did it in 2003? Hi, my parents who are US citizens applied green Card  for me, my husband and kids as a family and it was in 2003. Is that normal that it took so long time? and when am i gonna have my GC?	Immigration Questions	California
Can I take action against my employer? I was discharged from my previous job for writing a letter of recommendation for a subcontractor. I was told that no employees were allowed to write anything on company letter head without approval. The employee handbook does not state this. They are claiming that since I didn't receive approval, it is falsification of company documents which is grounds for termination. I won the appeal with unemployment but can I take any action against my employer?	Employment Questions	Florida
In Colorado if no real estate is owned by the deceased is probate necessary? In Colorado if no real estate is owned by the deceased is probate necessary? When is probate required?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
What to do if my friend is living in a dilapidated house and her religious aunt is using her welfare money? My friend is 16 and she lives with her grandma and aunt. She has no electricity as her grandma and aunt are very religious. They ask her if she wants to go to heaven or hell and tell her that she can't see her boyfriend because she will go to hell and they also tell her that they own her tell she turns 18. She has graduated high school and she get her father's welfare checks and they use it. Is there anything we can do to help her get out of the house that is falling apart around them? They don't want to do anything about it they say god told them to pack their bags and they have had their house packed up for 2 years. There is no hot water or no way to keep food from going bad. It is unsafe for her to live there and we tell her that but she wont do anything.	Family Questions	California
Are there any laws available that I can give my landlord that may help me get electricity onto my property again?   (commercial property)Current Situation: My landlord came onto my leased land without my permission, and said landlord cut down a tree on my leased property resulting in the tree completely taking out my power pole (I currently have no operating electricity).  The landlord has told me that he has NO intentions of repairing my electrical power pole.Question:  What can I do?  Is he liable?  Are there any laws available (like code laws or something) that I can give him that may help me get electricity onto my property again?  My seasonal company is to begin again on April 1, 2012.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is it possible to pursue legal action in the US when you're in New Zealand? Hello, I was curious if it is possible for a company in New Zealand able to pursue legal actions on someone who lives and is a citizen located in the USA?	Corporate Questions	New York
Selling art work If I create a drawing of a celebrity or a movie scene and sell it, am I violating copyright laws?	Copyright Questions	Indiana
Can I sue my employer to pay me the missed breaks I have missed? I've worked for a very large company for over 6 years. Throughout this time I have taken breaks maybe 10 days out of the 6 years. My employer does not implement the break policy, mainly because we are extremely busy and don't have time. I would assume they want us to take it upon ourselves to take a break. However because we don't have time, we are busy and yet they expect us to get through all our daily task we just don't. Trendsetting out of hand, I feel stressed on a daily basis, and feel like I have other issues because of this. Can I sue my employer to pay me the missed breaks I have missed?	Employment Questions	California
Legal to refer to public media outlets as part of the narrative of a fictional novel? Is it 'legal' to refer to public media outlets (Network TV, newspapers. magazines  and radio and relegate fictional 'quotes' to existing commentators and reporters, etc.) as part of the narrative of a fictional novel in order to give the story a semblance of reality?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question about salary cuts? My employer plans on replacing my position with another candidate and offer me another position within the company along with a huge salary cut. Do they have to offer me a certain percentage of my old salary that they are doing away with? I will not be able to support myself with the new salary.	Employment Questions	California
Question regarding demotion that ended abruptly and without cause or explanation? I was a full time employee at an IMD psych facility. Abruptly and without cause or explanation, I was demoted to part time on the swing and night shifts. Can I do anything about this?? This loss of wages and feelings of disrespect have caused me great mental anguish and stress.	Employment Questions	California
If a trust on property was set up, are other children entitled to any of the Estate? If a trust on property in California was set up, are children from Previous marriage entitled to any of the Estate?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Is it my right to ask for a copy of my employment file? Is it my right to ask for a copy of my employment file?	Employment Questions	California
How long can a parent be gone before it is considered abandonment? In the state of Florida, how long can a parent be gone before it is considered abandonment?  This parent is the only parent and is not providing anything for the child or having any contact at all.	Family Questions	Florida
What can I do if my ex does not let me take my daughter out of the house? My ex girlfriend does not let me take my 5 month old daughter out of the house. I don't even know if my name is on the birth certificate . What can I do in this case?	Family Questions	New York
Legal if my corporate employer closed my store without giving any notice to the staff? I live in San Francisco California, and my corporate employer closed my store without giving any notice to the staff.  Did they break any laws, and are the employees entitled to any compensation from the company?	Employment Questions	California
How to protect idea when presenting needs for services? I want to start an interactive website & will need software programmers, computer engineers, etc.  and venture capital and will need to present my ideas & needs to them. How do I prevent any of these people from stealing the idea for themselves when I present my needs for their services to them?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Media & Entertainment Questions,Trade Secret Questions	Florida
Can I create a patent of my software in terms of engineering? Can I create a patent of my software in terms of engineering?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	27
Does an officer have to ask permission to search a vehicle? Does an officer in Clay County, FL have to ask permission to search a vehicle or bring a k9 with no probable cause?	Criminal Questions	Florida
What should I do to avoid cancellation of my F1 status? I'm going to a college as an international student with F1 visa. I participated in a medical research as a subject and received $1200 compensation. Recently, I received 1099 MISC form from the medical research company and the $1200 was listed as "other income". Is it considered an unauthorized employment? Will I lose F1 students' rights, such as eligibility to apply for OPT or going to Grad School? What should I do to avoid cancellation of my F1 status?	Immigration Questions	North Dakota
I did work for 2 years but if I exclude it in my application, will I get in trouble? I Am 22 years old and I've been in the US since I was 1. Right now am married with a naturalized US citizen and we have a 3 month old baby. I graduated from high school and only one semester away to get my associate's degree. My problem here is that I did work for two years if I exclude that in my application can they find out? Or if I include it how much will it affect me?? I never did taxes and it was somebody's social security. I also had a different date of birth at my work but my name was the same excluding my second last name.	Immigration Questions	Texas
Can my landlord show the apartment to a renter while I am still under my lease? Can my landlord show the apartment to a interested renter while I am still under my lease in Westfield, Massachusetts?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
If a friend asks you to advertise the selling of their business and take incoming calls of interested
parties for a one time fee, is this legal in PA? If a friend asks you to advertise the selling of their business and take incoming calls of interestedparties for a one time fee, is this legal in PA?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What can we do if my brother was injured on construction job site and lost everything? Brother injured on construction job site, no longer has use of his right hand, turned down for social security disability, wife left, needs divorce, losing house, has an annuity that would help him get financially stable, can't afford attorneys. where can he get help?	Employment Questions	California
Filing for a divorce Does a divorce have to be filed in the same state legally married in and legally separated in?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Legal  to serve one type of beer to one person and deny everyone else it? Is it legal for a bar to serve one type of beer to only one person and deny everyone else it?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I need permission to show pictures of films in magazine? I was thinking about starting a magazine which reviews different animated films. In order to show pictures from these different films do I need to get permission from the copyright owner?	Copyright Questions	California
What laws require for my son to travel to Russia without been drafted to a Russian military? My son has double citizenship (American-Russian). He lives in the USA but visits his grandparents in Russia every summer. This year he will be 18th years old and I am afraid to send him to Russia this year because of military draft. What laws require for him to travel to Russia without been drafted to a Russian military?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Question regarding magazine business by the daughter of the deceased owner? My partner was given a magazine business by the daughter of the deceased owner.  She registered an LLC in the state of PA.  She brought on a woman to be the managing editor.  The "ME" ran the magazine and then decided to get her own LLC, close the magazine's original bank account and opened one in her name alone.  The "ME" has now decided she doesn't want the job any longer, but thinks the magazine is hers to do with as she pleases and is giving the business to someone else without the consent of my partner.  What does my partner need to do to stop the "ME" from giving her business away?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my son's ex relocate to another state with the children when they have shared joint custody? My son has joint shared custody of his children in CT.  His ex wife has met a man and wants to relocate to California with the children.  Can she do this?	Family Questions	Connecticut
What do I need to take to get the co-owner to sign over her rights of the company name so that I can operate my business without having to owe her anything? I have a Clothing line that I started a few years back. My company name is owned by myself and another lady. I need to find out the steps I need to take to get her to sign over her rights of the company name so that I can operate my business without having to owe her anything?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Hawaii
Is it legal to patent and produce a product that can be added to another companies product to enhance it? Is it legal to patent and produce a product that can be added to another companies product to enhance it?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Colorado
How to remove officer from new corp if no shareholder agreement signed? How do I remove an officer from a new corporation if that person did not sign the shareholder's agreement?	Corporate Questions	Pennsylvania
We want to register or trademark a project to help and work with Wounded Warriors and Veterans.  Please advise.	Trademark Questions	North Carolina
How can I legally get my brother to return the items since he was POA? My brother was POA over our mother. She was put in the hospital and he went in and took everything she owned then had her put in a home. The day she went to the home he resigned and that left me being POA he will not return any of her belongings. How can I legally get him to return them?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Should I use a will or a trust as an estate plan? I'm married with children and own a home in California (primary residence). What kind of estate plan should I put together (ie. sample last will and testament vs trust)?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
As a 3 month new startup incorporated in NY we like to employ (for part time only) a highly qualifie... As a 3 month new startup incorporated in NY we like to employ (for part time only) a highly qualified web developer currently working for a fortune100 company. Is H1 supplementary a viable and realistic option? What other options or ideas are available? How long and what are the costs for each option? How long might each take before one can start working? With regards to compensation what are the options with respect to cash and equity? Another idea is for the H1 B worker to work for an Indian firm that in turn does business with us (while continuing to work for fortune100 firm on H1B, given no other contractual issues). Is this legally OK?	Employment Questions	New York
Legal if creditor has placed a hold on my entire bank account and the hold will be placed there for 45 days? A creditor has placed a hold on my entire bank account and are now saying the hold will be placed there for 45 days. Is this legal? How am I supposed to live without funds nor any access to my bank account? I don't have anything or money.	Consumer Questions	Georgia
How much will I have from my former husband if my prenuptial agreement has been voided by the court? I divorced and my prenup agreement is void by the court now. How much I will have from my husband: 50/50% of his business and the house, or only house. I have 2 minor children (7 and 8 years old) and I was married only 2 years.	Family Questions	Florida
Could my friend petition the court to have his felony reduced to a misdemeanor? I have a friend that has a felony habitual driving on suspended, from failure to pay only, from 06 in florida. Florida changed the law in 08 that failure to pay could no longer be a felony. Could he petition the court to have his felony reduced to a misdemeanor?	Criminal Questions	Florida
I got divorced last year and I am the custodial parent to my 2 children. My ex-husband is trying to tell me that I cannot claim the kids that he is. What are stipulations on this?	Family Questions	Texas
Can jurisdiction for appealing child custody change if both parents leave original state? If a child custody final judgement has been made and one parent wants to appeal, does it have to be in the same state with the same judge? The parties involved have all moved from Florida to Pennsylvania (Father) and Ohio (Mother). Can we get the jurisdiction changed to Ohio? What does this entail?	Family Questions	Ohio
We operate a snow removal company in Pennsylvania.  We had a plow and salt spreader to be installed ... We operate a snow removal company in Pennsylvania.  We had a plow and salt spreader to be installed and called around to compare pricing.  The company we decided on quoted us X dollars.  After 17 days and countless delays that they encountered, they advised it was completed but the Invoice was for 4.8X.  They will not release the truck without payment in full and we had never agreed to this increase.  Do I have any options or am I obligated because I don't have a written estimate?  Thank you in advance.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
What can I do when I have a lease and my landlord has filed for bankruptcy? We currently lease a home from an individual who had filed for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy.  This bankruptcy was discharged in October 2012 and the lender on the property that we lease is in the process of continuing their foreclosure action.  I am curious what we are in for with 1.25 years left on our lease and rent still being paid monthly.  We have also made several improvments to the property if this matters at all.  Thank you in advance.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the quickest/least expensive way to get the deeds of properties in the name of the trust? My mom passed away and the deeds of her 2 properties were not in the name of her living trust. Her primary residence was in the trust when she created it but took it out when she refinanced and didn't put it back in. The loan for that property is under her name. Her rental property was bought after the creation of the trust and was never put in to the trust. But, the loan on the rental is in the name of the trust.  There is a pour-over will to transfer all properties over to the trust. We reside in San Mateo County, CA. What is the quickest/least expensive way to get the deeds of both properties in the name of the trust? Would the Heggstad Petition be enough or do I need to go through full probate? How long should this process take?	Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I take a way a 10% LLC owner's interest? I have a llc. and have a partner who has a 10% stake. While I have worked hard to improve the business, the partner, unfortunately has been of no help but rather a hindrance. He has done almost nothing for the business and in-fact has been absent for almost a year. I want to take him off the partnership and offered to even buy him out at the current valuation, but he is refusing. He knows that I am really trying to succeed and will do so in due course. I am also seeking the help of a professional. Hence he wants to bid his time and get a better share for doing nothing. How can I get him to sell his stake? What documents do I need to sue him for breach of partnership responsibility? I cannot afford a lot of money as of now.	Partnership Questions	California
Does one person have total ownership of a home with a c-simple title after one dies? does one person have total ownership of a home with a c-simple title after one dies? Both were on the title when purchased.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What is the best way to locate an attorney in my area who practices employment law that will possibl... What is the best way to locate an attorney in my area who practices employment law that will possibly work on a contingency basis? Contacting different law firms and explaining my potential case repeatedly is very time consuming.	Employment Questions	California
If there is a payment plan set up for the Judgement ...is there a limited amount of payments the cre... If there is a payment plan set up for the Judgement ...is there a limited amount of payments the creditors can ask for; if so; what is it? Is there a timeline the creditor can request payments to start after the Judgement is filed, in my case it was filed on Sept 5, 2012 for 2980.00.  Should the creditor offer a settlement with circumstances such as mine?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Is there a form for me to respond to my ex husband's court order request to lower his child support? Is there a form for me to respond to my ex husband's court order request to lower his child support?	Family Questions	California
I have requested of the Trustee, a list of assets in the Trust.  This is her response:1.)  The on... I have requested of the Trustee, a list of assets in the Trust.  This is her response:1.)  The only assets in the Trust Account is some cash. I have up to 9 months to prepare and present an accounting to the beneficiaries.2.)   The properties are held in a different trust , Richard is the Surviving Spouse, and he is the beneficiary, therefore, he is the only beneficiary entitled to request a copy of the trust and an accounting of the trust assets.My question is:  Richard is currently in a nursing home with dementia.  He is incompetant, but Im not sure if he has been ruled that legally.  Will all assets have to remain in his name until his death?  Is it true that I am not entitled to a list of those assets at this time?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
if i can not afford my car payments any more due to layoffs can my finance company garnish my checks? if i can not afford my car payments any more due to layoffs can my finance company sue me or garnish my checks	Consumer Questions	Georgia
What to do if I have a creditor judgement filed against me & I am not employed with very little income? I have a creditor judgement filed against me and I am not employed with very little income. What should I do?	Bankruptcy Questions	Georgia
What's the difference in chapter 7 bankruptcy and ch 13? What's the difference in chapter 7 bankruptcy and ch 13?	Consumer Questions	Louisiana
What to do if I would like to rent my condo out but my mortgage company says it's not in their policy? I would like to rent my condo out, but my mortgage company says it's not their policy to allow that.  My mortgage note says it must be owner occupied for one year, I have lived there six years.  Do they have to allow us to rent it?	Leasing Questions,Personal Injury Questions,Product Liability Questions,Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Wisconsin
Question regarding a child's suicide and the school's responsibility against suicide? if a child is bullied and commits suicide and the school knows about the bullying but fails to stop it, is a special duty needed to be proved to sue the DOE?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Do we have a right to sue the roofer for further damage done to the house? We had someone work on out roof. We had them sign a piece of paper saying that they were to fix the problems while getting paid cash. The roof has has various leaks and contact with him has been difficult.  Do we have a right to sue him for further damage done to the house ?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What is the best way to setup the corp to maximize tax advantages as a i Have worked as a database administrator on w2 for last 2 years. Recently i got a new contract which requires a corp to corp. My question is what is the best way to setup the corp to maximize tax advantages as an independent contractor ?	Corporate Questions	Illinois
File a motion in Macomb County to stop child support? I need to file a motion in Macomb County to stop child support. I have been paying for over 20 years and was told the only way to stop it is with a motion.	Family Questions	Tennessee
If my wife and I have been separated for 9 years, can she file for child support?  If my wife and I have been separated for 9 years, can she file for child support?  We had a verbal agreement for weekly support and I have no way of proving that I did pay child support.	Family Questions	California
My tenant had to leave property due to house fire. She has things in the garage and a car in the driveway. I returned her deposit to her. Her phone is no longer valid. Can I write to her at her mother's house and give 2 weeks to remove property or have car towed away and goods in garage tossed?	Leasing Questions	California
When Can an Employee Develop A Business On His Own Time? I am the Lead Designer of a team of 6 in an in-house dept. for a wine & spirits importing / marketing co. My team & I would like to develop our own trademarks, & have questions about the extent of the conflict of interest. No team member has previously signed a contract re: non-compete / non-disclosure agreements. We have some contact / awareness of product innovations and line extensions, but aren't involved with the supplier at all. We want to create a portfolio of turn-key trademarks and point-of-sale mechanicals, with options to sell to suppliers or trade for equity stake. The materials produced would be developed on personal time away from the campus, using our own tech & software. Please help us understand the level of risk involved.	Copyright Questions,Corporate Questions,Employment Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	New York
Can a Canadian Incorporate a company in Delaware? Can a Canadian incorporate a company in Delaware?	Corporate Questions	California
My old lawyer wants to settle out of court on a legal malpractice case he lost for $500,000 due to being negligent. What can I ask for?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Can police question minor without parental consent? Is it legal for a cop to ask questions to a four year old without parents permission?They came for a 12 year old and then they questioned a 4 year old.	Criminal Questions	Washington
Can I get house arrest out of a first offense felony charge? I currently got arrested. I have a felony charge and it's my first offense. Can I get house arrest out of it?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
How to stipulate conditions of transferring website and rights? Dear Sir or Madam,We (a medical non for profit NGO) are in the process of handing over our website (knowledge and information portal) to another party, is there to your knowledge a standard piece legislation we could use that stipulates the conditions of transferring rights, warranty and liability and indemnification aspects? your advice is greatly appreciated.	Contract Questions,Copyright Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trade Secret Questions	New York
Can I use the word Apple with TM symbol with my business logo? can I use the word Apple with TM symbol in the with my business logo such as "Apple computer support" "Apple solution provider" etc?	Trademark Questions	Pennsylvania
Ownership of submissions by site users? Our company publishes content submitted by our users on our social networking website to attract like-minded users.  Because it has been voluntarily submitted to our site, does our company own the rights to the work?	Business Internet Questions,Consumer Internet Questions,Copyright Questions,Internet Law Questions	California
How to handle business partner's harassment? I am in a business partnership agreement.My partner has been verbally harrassing me with very demeaning and degrading emails threatening me to take action and do businees right.I found no fault in anything I  have done to deserve this treatment and need some advice on how to handle this matter.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Employment Questions	California
How can i get my ex-wife to stop harassing me? How can i get my ex-wife to stop harassing me?	Family Questions	California
LLC with no operating agreement? What to do? I have a company that has operated for the past 8 months, unfortunately with no signed operating agreement among the 4 partners. There is only one partner on the LLC filed articles of org. The company is a citizen of two states, Wyoming incorporated with Arizona as its principal place of business. We are all located in Arizona. All business has been transacted in Arizona. In Arizona if there is no operating agreement, there is a default operating agreement by the state which governs the LLC. In Wyoming I am not sure. My question is which state would be look to the rules to govern a dispute, Wyoming or Arizona? And if its both, what if Wyoming has a default operating agreement that is different from Arizona?	Corporate Questions	California
Isn't the Executor of an estate required to supply the other siblings a copy of the will when that parent dies? Isn't the Executor of an estate (who is 1 of 3 children) required by law to supply the other siblings a copy of the sample last will and testament when that parent dies, asap?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Can I obtain agreement to buy product in future? My company is in the process of closing a large order from a major corporate customer.  However,  the corporate customer will not need the product until 6 months from now, at which time they intend to proceed with the purchase.  They do not want to sign the contract until that time.  Is there an agreement I can get them to sign in the meantime to secure their commitment to purchase the product in the future?	Contract Questions	California
What rules govern selling art from overseas online in US? I wanted to try was to sell Indian art/posters (bought in India) here in US (e.g. create a simple store on Amazon.com). I am not sure what laws and rules govern this scenario of import/export here. Is there any tax liability? Do I need to declare something to the government? I was hoping you could point us in the right direction. Note that this selling would be under my business (an incorporated firm) and not under my direct name.	Commercial Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,International Trade Questions,Tax Questions	California
If I am an artist and I want to paint and sell a picture of an old barn in the field along the side of the highway, do I owe the owner of the barn anything in this process? Do I need his permission if his barn is in the public view? Same for buildings in a historic town?	Intellectual Property Questions,Privacy Questions	Arkansas
Question regarding a private health care walk-in facility charging me exorbitant prices? A private health care walk-in facility charged me exorbitant prices. I disputed and they sent me a partial refund (their own term) of $260. I then filed a BBB complaint asking for an additional refund. In retaliation they now are billing me for the $260 saying they are reversing the "adjustment." Is this legal? What can I do? I don't want my credit to be wrecked, but it is clearly a retaliatory act on their part. Thanks for any guidance. BJB	Criminal Questions,Education Questions,Family Questions,Privacy Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Nevada LLC conducting business in California. Hi, I recently formed a Nevada LLC headquartered in Los Angeles, California. I formed a Nevada LLC because of their tax advantages over California corporations but when I tried to open up a business bank account in California, the bank told me that I need a statement from either a lawyer or a CPA saying that the company is not "doing business" in California.Is my LLC (making iPhone applications and distributing it through the App Store) considered to be "doing business" in California? If yes, what can I do to open up a business account in California?	Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	California
What forms should I submit for a permanent residency petition? My wife is from Malaysia. We were married 2 years ago in Minnesota. She has been going back and force twice a year. She is ready to move here.  Immigration forms I-864, I-485 and I-130 seem to be the forms to be filled out. Which should I do first? Some look like they should be sent together. Please advise me which forms to be sent in and when. Should I wait until she arrives for her next visit or can I send them in while she is in Malaysia? Any advice would be greatly appreciated.	Immigration Questions	California
Legal issues when starting internet business while on H1B visa? I want to start an internet business, but I am currently on an H1B visa.  What issues do I face if I want to get this going?	Immigration Questions	California
Would you recommend withdrawing the petition (form I-130)? Will this have any negative consequences in terms of acquiring a student/tourist visa in the future?  I am a recent international college graduate currently on an OPT (Optional Practical Training). My sibling, who is a US citizen and is also in the military, filed a petition for me to become a US resident about a month ago. I will be returning to my home country, Honduras, at the beginning of next month. However, I have read that having a pending petition will not allow me to acquire a student or tourist visa in the future. Is this true? Would you recommend withdrawing the petition (form I-130)? Will this have any negative consequences in terms of acquiring a student/tourist visa in the future? In other words, will I be blacklisted or banned from getting such types of visa? Thank you very much for your help! It is greatly appreciated!	Immigration Questions	Georgia
Can I sue hospital for not attempting to properly diagnose husband? Can I sue the hospital for not properly diagnosing and making no attempt to diagnose the real issue?My husband was at the ER for left front side pain and the doctor diagnosed him with kidney stones which cause back pain and sent him home. The doctor knows that was not what was causing the problem but made no attempt to find out what was. Now we have $4000 in hospital bills and that is with a discount for uninsured. We only have an income of $9000 a year with 3 people in the home. I wanted to know if i could sue since they haven't even fixed him (and they knew that) and now they want a fortune?	Health Care Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Florida
How to sue car dealership for unfair sales? How can I sue a car dealership for unfair sales?	Consulting Law Questions,Contract Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Georgia
Does Massachusetts recognize common law marriage? My partner and I have never married after 24 years. I was just told that my ex-husband will receive my benefits. This man paid one check of $40.00 in child support in over 30 years. Is this a fact? Does Massachusetts  recognize common law marriage?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Being sued for private student loans. I am currently being sued for my private student loans through SLM Education credit corp. My federal student loans are in forbearance due to my limited income but my private loans have filed suit against me. What do I do with the summons? HELP, need good advise.	Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Questions,Education Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Georgia
How long can judge keep case under advisement? How long can a judge keep a case under advisement, because it has been over 6 months?	Litigation Law Questions	South Carolina
Do mobile applications and distributing online stores need separate end-user license agreements? My company develops mobile phone applications that are distributed through the mobile phone manufacturer's online store.  Although there is a license to which users have to agree when purchasing through the online store, should my mobile application have a separate end-user license agreement (EULA)?	Mobile Applications Questions,Software Questions,Technology Questions	California
When should employees sign proprietary information and inventions assignment agreement?  My early stage startup is currently in the planning stage. At what point should I have my startup's employees sign a proprietary information and inventions assignment agreement?	Contract Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trade Secret Questions	California
I need someone to review and advice for Client & vendor contracts. Help? I want to get the complete agreement reviewed but for now I need help with the following  - "Vendor agrees that during the term of the MSA and for a period of twelve months thereafter, Vendor will not engage in any activity that is in any way competitive with the business or demonstrably anticipated business of Client, and will not assist any other person or organization in competing or in preparing to compete with any business or demonstrably anticipated business of Client"I have this clause with my client (Company A).There is another company (Company B) which was a customer of my client (Company A) in 2011 but not doing any business with them currently. Now the company B has approached me to, can I do business with Company B	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Trade Secret Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Pennsylvania
How to get daughter back after losing custody? I lost my daughter to a custody hearing recently that was really unfair. I want to know how can I fight her back without waiting the year?	Family Questions	Texas
My father died and left no will but is legally separated from his wife. My father died recently. He lived in NC with no sample last will and testament, but legally seperated from his wife with a separation agreement stating "all properties" were distributed upon signing of the agreement. My brothers and I want to know if she has any legal rights or say so to anything left of his (nothing w/her name on it) or burial/funeral?	Family Questions,Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Can prosecution show evidence against you before plea? If the prosecution says they have evidence against you, do they have show you the evidence before any plea? If a judge says a search warrant is invalid and broad how can they still use it against you?	Criminal Questions	Arizona
Founder stock taxation. let say i'm incorporating my start up with 250M shares with a par value of .01 and i gave myself 35% of the company owning 87.5M shares.does that mean i have to pay some sort of tax for my 87.5M shares. i was told that i actually need to contribute in cash in order to get my shares at the par value price if not i will still need to pay it when i do my taxes; is this true or can i just get shares as "services rendered".	Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	New York
Is it conflict of interest to receive game tax revenue from Indian reservations without regulated competition? I've been conducting detailed research on opening up a poker room (brick & mortar) in the state of CT. Indian Gaming statutes currently in place do not allow for any other gaming in the state. A preliminary attorney review thought it's a violation of the 14th Amendment. PA, CA & FL now permit full gaming facilities & it appears to be a conflict of interest with the state receiving gaming tax revenue from the Indian reservations w/out permitting regulated competition. I need a qualified attorney willing to make this case. Currently only games w/ no rake and are "incidental to a bonafide social relationship" are permitted, UNLESS held on an Indian reservation.  This is a serious inquiry.	Antitrust Law Questions,Commercial Questions,Entertainment Law Questions,Games Law Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Connecticut
Sell online services internationally and not worry about tax issues in international markets? Can I sell online services internationally, collect in USD as a US sale, and not worry about tax issues in international markets?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Utah
Can HOA suspend parking privileges until delinquent homeowner pays off? Can HOA suspend parking privileges until delinquent homeowner pays off?	California Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
How to legally use content from other websites? My company would like to use content from Yelp and Facebook for commercial purposes.  What steps should I take to use that content legally?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Copyright Questions,Internet Law Questions	California
Can I publicly display end-product before filing patent for it? We have a developed a Machine that automates the manufacture of a product. Essentially, this is a new machine and a new process for making an ordinary end product.I know that I cannot get a patent for the end product as it is just a well-known ordinary widget.Can I start selling the products at a retail location BEFORE filing for Patent?Can I sell the products if I do NOT show the Machine to anyone?Can I sell the products if I do NOT claim anywhere that these products are made by a Machine?Can I sell burritos for a **pre-defined Limited Time** (say 3 months) BEFORE Filing Patents, so that I can develop and document the best practice?That is, can I Publicly Display End-product before Filing Patent for Product?	Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions	California
Can collection agency access my medical records? Can a collection agency have access to your medical records? I have a medical bill that I asked to verify and the collection agency sent detailed medical records from the doctor to me in the mail.  Is this legal under HIPPA law?	Health Care Questions,Privacy Questions	Georgia
Filing trademark to protect company brand? I run a website, and our company and brand are getting a lot of publicity lately on Twitter and Facebook. Should I immediately file a trademark to protect it?	Internet Questions,Trademark Questions	California
How much will it cost to get a uncontested divorce including one child? How much will it cost to get a uncontested divorce including one child?	Family Questions	Florida
Are unpaid internships legal? Are unpaid internships legal?  If so, how or what regulations have does one have to be concerned with?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Illinois
If one of the share holders is being sued could the corporation be liable or could money be garnished? Not sure of the legal terminology but here's my question: in a Corporation with at least two share holders; if one of the share holders is being sued could the corporation be liable or could money be garnished from the corporation?	Criminal Questions,Education Questions,Family Questions,Privacy Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How to start home-based daycare in Atlanta? I would like to start a home-based daycare business in Atlanta which is just me. Do I need to get some sort of license? Do I need to make sure my home meets some standard requirements that a regular daycare would?	Education Questions,Employment Questions	Georgia
Is it a crime to threaten to reveal my personal business, such as who I sleep with, to my parents?  Is it a crime to threaten to reveal my personal business, such as who I sleep with, to my parents? I have been harassed by my roommate and her mother. Fortunately, she is moving out. Yesterday, her mother came and verbally harassed me, calling me names, yelling and accusing me of lies that my roommate told her about me. Her mother has never once been in the apartment, she came solely for the purpose of intimidating me.  The mother threatened to tell my parents that I have been sleeping with a man that nobody knows about other than my roommate. Can you please tell me if this is a crime, to threaten to reveal personal information? Can I file a harassment complaint, and what are my rights in such a situation. Thank you.	Education Questions	New York
Question regarding being hacked and I have not been able to get on to my Facebook account? I was hacked and I have not been able to get on to my Facebook account.  Facebook has not helped me.  I have been  a loyal Facebook contributor for over 5 years, I have hundreds of friends.  I also have Facebook Business page for my company Bellizzi Sculpture Reproduction on Facebook.  I have paid Facebook to help me with the site and I have paid Facebook thousands of dollars to advertise the site.  I can no longer access my business sites.  This can be very damaging for a small business.  I want to ask for a very large award.	Criminal Questions,Education Questions,Family Questions,Privacy Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What is typical of stock purchase agreement and escrow? From a stock purchase contract for a startup I'm helping. Some issues on ownership.- "Restricted common stock paid by purchaser via check or other accepted means". Founder told me no check, IP is my contribution. Typical?- Stock certificates go into escrow. Is this a literal certificate? Do most corps just go by the original signed RSA?- Had to sign "Irrevocable Stock Power" where "I hereby sell, assign, and transfer to the corporation", and appoint secretary to transfer stocks on the books of corporation. Sounds like I'm signing the stocks back to company? Founder = Secretary. Normal? Seems strange, unclear on escrow concept here.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
How can I file a civil lawsuit against an attorney who won't refund me the balance of my retainer, $7,000.00?  How can I file a civil lawsuit against an attorney who won't refund me the balance of my retainer, $7,000.00? This is an considerable amount for him to keep. He refuses to take any of my calls or provide an accounting of his services.  This is in the State of Florida, Osceola County.	Contract Questions	California
Since my wife is engaged after only being separated for two months can I get a divorce? Since my wife is engaged to another man after storming out of our home on May 28th this year and only being legally separated for two and a half months can I get a divorce before the year statute in North Carolina?	Family Questions	California
Copyright infringement for 3 photos created by 3rd party no longer in business. I received a letter regarding copyright infringement for 3 photos that were on my website, created by a 3rd party no longer in business. The company that sent the letter states I am responsible for the infringement & they are demanding $2600. I have removed the photos. Am I required to pay this? This would be a hardship on my business and family. I am a small one person business.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	New York
Can I subject employees to non-competition clause after leaving company? I am in a highly competitive industry, where recruiting and hiring competitors' employees is commonplace.  Can I include a non-competition clause in the employment agreements of my employees, such that they cannot be employed by one of my competitors for a certain time period after they leave employment from my company?	Employment Questions	California
/questions/6fe577860f/questions-for-seed-investment-in-start-up/

Ex-husband took children, neither parent has full custody. My ex-husband took my kids and I don't know where they are or if they are okay. He has threatened to kill me several times and I am scared for my kids and me. What can I do to bring them back home and protect the kids and me?Neither of us have full custody of the kids. He has taken the kids to California and they are legal residents of Oregon. He took them because he filled for divorce and joint custody and I am asking for full custody since I have taken care of them since birth and can prove it. He also drinks and he pops pills.	California Questions,Family Questions,Law Pivot Charter Member Questions,LawPivot Questions,Legal Questions	Oregon
Is there a limit between how many shareholders can be part of an S Corp versus the standard C Corp? My company is setup as an S Corp, and I'd like to bring investors in as shareholders. Is there a limit or difference between how many shareholders can be part of an S Corp versus the standard C Corp?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
How to pay contractor if full-time student and not business entity? I am single owner/operator of CA LLC. Primary business is financial research/ consulting. I am planning on hiring a contractor to build a website for the business. This will be a 1 time engagement paid on a project basis (NOT hourly). Contractor is a full time college student. Contractor does not have any business entity. Are there any particular requirements for paying contractor under these circumstances?	California Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Tax Questions	California
Can people on TV sing other artists' songs without infringing? My partner and I are launching a project to produce tv show for a local cable access station, which has a daily viewing audience of about 800,000.  A large part of the show would feature local singers, who may or may not have written their own music.  Our concern is that most of them would probably want to sing music by a well-known artist.  We are not getting paid to do this and the Artists won't be paid either. Is this a copyright infringement? If so, is there a way to do this type of show without being liable ?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Illinois
What are implications of forgetting copied original submittal with hand lettering for patent substitute application? I have an issue where I thought it was ok to submit slight corrections to specification (Not Claims) prior to submittal.  "I received a notice to file corrected application papers" due to incorrect line spacing and hand lettering.  (I added several comas and changed the words "solar collector" to "solar heating system" in one or more places in the background section).  I understand that I have to submit marked and clean copies and am unsure how to mark and submit.  I am unsure what the ramifications of are providing a marked up copy that does not exactly match the originally submitted marked up copy are.  How do I mark and resubmit? Retitle to "substitute marked application..."?  What are the ramifications of not matching orig. marked app?	Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions	Illinois
What are the repercussions of switching from a C-Corp to an S -Corp? I am looking to weigh the advantage of a substantial personal tax deduction, vs losing potential funding ability and don't know the "term" required to convert back to a C.	Corporate Questions,Financial Questions,LawPivot Questions,Tax Questions	California
Work pays in cash but not enough to cover hours. i worked in a restaurant for around two months. They took all my tax info but were paying me in cash but not nearly enough to cover my hours. I have no paystubs and they keep the hours book though i have a log of payments and average of hours. I'm out over 2 grand. Any chance of getting restitution?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Ohio
Do Privacy Policy and TOS need to be translated? We have an English-language website GoodRx (www.goodrx.com). We are going to provide a spanish-language translation of the website.Do we need to also translate the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy? That said - I am sure it is better to translate the TOS and Privacy Policy, but I am looking to see if it is legally required and/or if we are exposing ourselves to any meaningful liability by not translating them.	Business Internet Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Internet Questions,Internet Law Questions	California
A service provider wants 5% equity in our startup to delay billing us until a funding/exit event -- at full, fair market value for their services. 

I'm thinking we'd be better off with a convertible note or that they should offer some sort of discount for the services rendered. 

Thoughts? None	Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Internet Questions,Venture Capital Questions	Texas
Can I copy terms and conditions with minor changes from other websites to use for mine? Can I copy terms and conditions from similar websites and paste them into my own website and tweak a couple of words like "name of company" without needing them to be signed off or approved by someone official?	Business Internet Questions,Copyright Questions	California
Reseller/retail permit for company with primary address in NY, incorporated in DE, business in CA. I will be using an online store to sell apparel through a company whose primary address is in NYC, incorporated in Delaware and does most business in California (product sourcing).  Which reseller's/retail permit am I legally required to obtain?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Retail Law Questions	New York
Is cash register repair company liable for lost revenue by programming incorrect prices? I own a cash register repair company (it's incorporated in Florida). If one of my employees programs an incorrect price in a customers cash register (the price is lower than what it should be), am I liable for any lost revenue that the customer says that they lost due to this honest mistake? Thanks!	Commercial Questions,Retail Law Questions	Florida
Can you be fired if customer gives counterfeit money? Can you be fired for being given counterfeit money by a customer?	Administrative Law Questions	New York
How to incorporate CA startup with 2 founding members? Hello,A partner and I are starting a tech startup that will be focused on ecommerce through Facebook and on our website. We would like to figure out how we can incorporate so that we can set up our individual stakes (50/50) and also accommodate new team members that will also receive equity. What will allow us to incorporate, but also change the equity distribution as we take on more employees and also, what will allow us to eventually pursue VC funding. Our general understanding is that we can incorporate as an S Corp for tax purposes for ourselves now and then shift to a C corp as we grow. Is there a simple way to incorporate and are there certain things to look out for, such as articles of incorporation or other terms?Thanks.	Business Internet Questions,Consumer Internet Questions,Corporate Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Partnership Questions	California
If they are not bound by  the lease do I have to return their deposit? I am a Pennsylvania landlord. I have a lease with four tenants. Three have signed the lease and paid a security deposit. The fourth backed out and paid nothing. The lease contains this clause "Tenants are jointly, severally and individually bound by and liable under the condition of this lease" Are the three tenants who signed and paid bound by the terms of the lease? If they are not bound by  the lease do I have to return their deposit?	Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Do Privacy Policy and TOS need to be translated? We have an English-language website. We are going to provide a Spanish-language translation of the website. Do we need to also translate the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy? That said - I am sure it is better to translate the TOS and Privacy Policy, but I am looking to see if it is legally required and/or if we are exposing ourselves to any meaningful liability by not translating them.	Contract Questions,Internet Questions	California
Must online terms of service contain a sentence stating that the terms? Is the quotation below usually a recommended inclusion to a general Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy?"Acceptance of the following conditions is mandatory. If you disagree with the following conditions you are not entitled to use the Companies services."	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Startup verbally promised compensation but never paid me. I spent 3 months working for a Silicon Valley startup for no pay. The founder told me I'd be compensated in equity for the time that I worked without salary, and in equity & salary for the time afterwards. Unfortunately I don't have this in writing.I eventually left the company because I needed to get paid. The founder told me he'd call to tell me how he'd compensate me, but hasn't.I have proof that I worked at the company.  The most visible evidence is the company's redesigned website, which is my work.  What are my options to collect, or at least make life difficult for them because I feel screwed?  Am I covered by California state laws saying that companies shouldn't employ people for free?	California Questions,Employment Questions	California
Are website providers liable for third party content? Members on my social media website often quote content from music, movies, and prominent publications. Does this violate any copyright laws and as the website provider, are we liable?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Internet Law Questions	California
Florida Civil Procedure - litigation - Motion to Dismiss lawsuit? How would you include an affidavit document in a Motion to Dismiss?  Simply as an exhibit or is it better suited in the Memorandum of Law?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Partnership Questions	Florida
Is it legal for boyfriend to take baby from mother after birth? I'm four months pregnant at the moment and my boyfriend says he wants nothing to do with the baby once its born. He says if I keep it he is going to take it from me later on. Can he do this?	Legal Questions,None Questions,Partnership Questions	Oklahoma
Do I as his business partner have any rights?  My small business is owned with 50/50 by my business partner and I. My partner over the last four years has been developing a data base that our company uses. Recently, I've found out that he intends to sell the data base for our current customers to use. He intends to keep the profits of this sale for himself.Do I as his business partner have any rights? The data base was developed on company time with company computers and is marketed to our business customers under our business name.	Intellectual Property Questions,Partnership Questions	California
Separation from Family Business ran under my name I formed a NJ Corp in 1999 to support family. Iam 100% SH/Pres but father always had a final say in business matters and I was left with responsibilities.  Finances were in constant distress due to mismanagement of funds. Being that I was the backbone of business and family depended on it I hung in there as long as I could. About 1yr ago parents started ugly divorce procedures and he claims he just helps son. I moved to CA started a new co and had him start his own - my biz and pers credit has taken beating cause I am pers guarantor of all old APs. I needto sep entirely and prop.serv all accts/state/utilities. I need a attny 2set fomal line of separation and liquidation.. What type of Attny speclizs in this situatoin? Any advice is apprecia	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Partnership Questions	California
How to circumvent US copyright law by publishing in another country? I am seeking a country to publish books out of that does not recognize US copyright law. People are desperate to get certain books, whose authors are dead, and the family will not cooperate. In one instance there is so much demand for a particular book that the used book, book in poor condition, is demanding, and getting, from $800 to $1000. This is absurd being a common paperback book. I do not wish to relocate, just need a legal company in a country to operate thru.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,International Business Law Questions	Pennsylvania
How to get around no shop provision in investor term sheet? An investor wants to include a "no shop" provision as a condition of signing the term sheet.  We realize that it could prevent us from looking at other investors for a period of time.  Is there a way to work around this?	Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
/questions/518c14d630/obligated-to-vest-stock-options-for-employee-fired/

What are the consequences if my wife just closes her door and walks away from her 100k debt?  My wife's incorporated small business of 28 years is dead broke and about 100k in debt.  What are the consequences if she just closes her door and walks away?  Can the companies she owes money to sue her personally?  Any response greatly appreciated.	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	Florida
What are the insider trading laws for investing in non publicly traded companies? I'm wondering what the general regulations/laws are for VC or private single investors to invest in non-publicly traded companies such as startups? In particular, I have an opportunity to invest as a family/friend for shares in a startup company. Are there any regulations as to what information I can find out and use (is there such a thing as 'insider trading') in this setting to make the investment? For instance, if I contacted someone running a trial regarding results, or if the startup employees disclosed to me trade secrets for publicly traded companies I understand that's a huge SEC violation. What about for early or late stage startups that are not publicly traded?	Finance Questions	California
Do I need to incorporate to create equity agreement for new startup? I'd like to create an equity agreement among the 4 people that have been helping me get my startup off the ground.  The breakdown will be: 35% Founder 1, 35% Founder 2, 5% Part-time helper 1, 5% Part-time helper 2, 20% pool for additional employees that may join.  I'd like standard silicon valley terms (4 year vesting, 1 year cliff, etc).  Do I need to incorporate my company to do this?  I'd like to avoid paying government fees for as long as possible.  Is there a way to just get the equity agreement done and nothing else?  Are there templates available for this anywhere?  I'm in San Francisco, California.	Executive Compensation Questions,Partnership Questions,Private Equity Law Questions	California
I am filing out a proof of claim for a bankruptcy court.  I sold a business contract for deed.  They are filing Chap 11. In the form it asks for "basis of perfection".  I'm not sure what they are asking for, and in the instructions it doesn't say what they are looking for.  Hope you can help.	Bankruptcy Questions	Montana
Does my company name infringe on trademark with similar co. name? How broad is trademark protection for logos?  I have a new company that makes mobile educational games that teach kids to read (and will have a website with reading education info).   I am considering naming it "Acme" or "Acme Labs".  Another company has a logo registered design mark (3 - "DESIGN PLUS WORDS, LETTERS, AND/OR NUMBERS") that includes the name "Acmee" (no standard character mark on TESS) .   They don't sell the same exact products but they do operate in the same general field.If my logo doesn't look similar to theirs, is there still a trademark problem?	Intellectual Property Questions	California
Non-solicit agreements. I signed an agreement upon joining a startup which includes the following clause: Non-Solicitation of Employees/Consultants. During my employment with the Company and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, I will not directly or indirectly solicit away employees or consultants of the Company for my own benefit or for the benefit of any other person or entity. as such, are there circumstances/situations in which i can leave with a colleague to start our own non-competing company without violating this agreement? any advice would be appreciated, thanks	Contract Questions,Employment Questions	California
If I've been involved in car accident driving company car can I be sued? If I've been involved in car accident driving company car can I be sued?	Personal Injury Questions	Oregon
Is it legal to copy terms of use from another site to use on my own? As I understand, I need to have on my web-site terms of use. I know several web-sites that do business similar to mine, so can I copy and paste the text of terms and conditions from their web-sites or it will be a violation of copyright or whatever? Please advise	Contract Questions,Copyright Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	New York
Is it legal to use internet pictures for business? I have just opened a new custom tshirt business and am getting some pictures from google will this get me in trouble with the copyright laws.  If it can how do i fix this and how much will it cost me	Copyright Questions,eCommerce Law Questions	North Carolina
Accelerating unvested stock for potential executive hire We are hiring a highly sought after new VP of Software Engineering from our competitor. As a condition of joining us, he is demanding the best possible terms to trigger full acceleration of his unvested stock. In what instances do technology companies provide for the acceleration of a top executive's unvested stock?	Employment Questions,Securities Questions	California
I have signed a 5 month lease for a house in Maine.  Upon moving in I found many issues with the structure including a leaking roof.  The landlord (personally) did sub-standard "repairs" to try and fix.  Is there any grounds I can take to break the lease based on standards of accepted practice?	Leasing Questions	Maine
CA real estate license to deal with cell towers. Do I need a California real estate license to originate cell site leases and broker assignments of cell site leases?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Discrepancy in re-rental fee. My lease states tenants are required to give a 60 day notice at end of lease term. If not they will be deemed a month to month tenant and subject to additional  re-rental fee of $299 if notice not given. I received a bill for full month rent for. Shouldn't it have been $299?	Leasing Questions	Ohio
If a person is receiving SSI, would it be possible for him to start a corporation and not stop his benefits?	Administrative Law Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Missouri
Is requesting photo with resume for independent contractor job legal? is it illegal in any of the 50 states or under federal law to request that a recent picture accompany a resume for an independent contractor position with a private CA- incorporated company?	Administrative Law Questions,California Questions,Employment Questions,Tax Questions	California
Am I legally allowed to own a service dog in my apartment even after my landlord said no dogs?   I have a letter from my doctor stating his request for me to adopt a service dog for psychiatric purposes. When i showed my landlord the letter she said no because she doesn't allow dogs. When i looked further into the lease agreement I saw that under California civil code 54.2 I am allowed to own a service dog without discrimination. Technically under California civil code 54.2 a service dog is not considered a pet. I tried to explain that to my landlord but she said, "I don't know about that but no dogs allowed." I want to know if I am legally allowed to own a service dog in my apartment even after my landlord said no dogs?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I garnish person's account if I have bank name and judgement against him? I have a judgement against an individial in FL.If I have the name of his bank, can I garnish or levy his account?	Banking Law Questions,Bankruptcy Questions	Florida
Making money by providing support on open source software legal? Is it legal to make money by providing support to other users for open source software that is generally free to the public?	Commercial Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Internet Questions,Software Questions	California
Is it legal to copyright use of software program? Can I copyright a written document that provides a detailed scope of how my software program functions?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Mobile Applications Questions,Patent Questions,Software Questions	Florida
Can I patent company software algorithms? I am thinking about seeking some sort of intellectual property protection for certain algorithms for our company's software.  Can I get some sort of patent on some of these algorithms?	Patent Questions,Software Questions	California
What IP issues with launching website mimicking popular social networking site? I am planning to launch a website whose interface mimics the interface of a very popular consumer social networking site.  What intellectual property litigation risks do I face by providing this kind of site?	Intellectual Property Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Trade Secret Questions	California
Is it normal to pay out of dividends for investor term sheet? Our early stage company is in talks with an investor who wants dividends to be paid out periodically as a condition of his investment.  Is this a normal condition in a term sheet?	Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
How do I trademark a name for a digital product? How do I trademark a name for a digital product?	Product Liability Questions	California
Structuring an unpaid internship I am part of a 2-man startup that is looking to bring on an intern.  We don't have the capacity to pay him now, so we are trying to set up an unpaid internship with the option of paying him a bonus if we raise additional funding.  To cover our legal bases, we are wondering if we can structure his employment agreement to the effect of:"The terms of this employment are that is must satisfy the 6 clauses of the department of labor requirements (http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/whdfs71.pdf).  If at any point the clauses are not fulfilled, the contract immediately becomes void.  The intern must cease work immediately and agrees that he will not hold the company liable for damages, forfeits any work generated, etc."Is this legal?	Employment Questions	California
Does deceased remainder's life estate deed share go to non-remainder spouse? With a Life Estate Deed, if one of the Remainders dies, does their share go to their spouse if their spouse is not a remainder on the life estate deed?	Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Is it legal in Maine for ex-fiancee to keep engagement ring? I was engaged and we broke up. She refuses to give the ring back and I spent a lot of money on it. Is it Maine state law as she claims that she does not have to give it back?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Family Questions	Maine
Two people buy house in one person's name and the other trying to claim ownership. If 2 people bought a home together and it's in one person's name but it was supposed to be for both people, but the other is trying to claim ownership, how can you protect yourself?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
If I went through the paternity process do I have visitation rights as the father? If I went through the paternity process do I automatically have visitation rights as the father?	Family Questions	New York
I would like to use Katy Perry's song "Firework" as part of a personal weight loss testimony.  Can I do this without her permission?	Copyright Questions	Oregon
Do short positions in stock need to be covered before stock cancelled? Do securities laws require that short positions in stocks be covered before the stock is cancelled?	Securities Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a recording of me talking to my attorney be used against me as evidence? Can a recording of me talking to my attorney be used against me as evidence?	Criminal Questions	Idaho
Foreign company Incorporating in US I own an italian company, developing software products.I am about to start an online selling of the software, i was advised to check to incorporate in the US to do this kind of business.Since all the intellectual property belongs to me, could i setup a sort of internal licensing to a new US company that does the real online selling of the software?Also, i was told Delaware is very good for incorporating software companies, but since it is not available in the list below i checked Canada.Which are the best suited states where to incorporate such a company?I would need a quote on the expenses for doing the incorporation, i would not be an US resident and work from Europe.	Commercial Questions	California
How long do I have to wait until I take my ex back to court to get full custody of the children? I recently went to court about a month ago for child custody and I have joint custody with residency. The mother has seen only one of the two kids for a total of 8 hours. So how long do I have to wait until I take her back to court to get full custody? How long does it take to make the court realize that the mother does not want them? In court she said that she did not want them and the judge still only ordered joint custody. She still receives food stamps for her and the kids even though their with me.	Family Questions	New York
Need Help Forming a Corporation We are looking for help to create bylaws and other documents for a c-corp to apply for a business certification. Please reach out if you provide these services for start-up companies.	Corporate Questions	California
How can I ensure that a non-profit cartoon fandom convention/conference that I am hosting is within the confines of the law in terms of copyright infringement?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	Massachusetts
Can I cash my 25% of my dad's stocks when my brother is the executor? My brother (executor) wants to hold onto Dad's stocks.  I want to cash in my 25%. Can I do that?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can my parent exclude me from her will and name nieces instead? Can my parent exclude me from his or her will and last testament and name another family member instead?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What to do if a client threatened to sue me at court if she does not receive a refund? I'm a dance teacher. My student bought a prepaid lessons package of 30 lessons. She used 15 lessons, and she now changed mind wants a refund money for remaining 15 lessons. There is no written contract except a piece of paper with 30 grid boxes, and each time we completed a lesson. Both of us put our signatures in one of the boxes. There are 15 empty grid boxes on this paper. That's her only proof that she prepaid lessons. I orally told her there was no refund at the time of purchase. Now I'm in huge financial difficulty and wishes not to refund money, but I am very much willing to finish teaching the remaining 15 lessons to her. She threatened to sue me at court if she does not receive a refund. Will she prevail if she sues?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Copyright ownership of logos created by employee I worked at a company and created  logos on my own time with no signed contract. Can I copyright them after they used them? I am no longer employed with them after a workman's comp. claim.	Copyright Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
Do I have the legal right to terminate the contract in 10 days? Hello and thanks for any direction you can provide. I own a company and entered into an agreement to provide ongoing services to company A. Over the years, and without changing the contract, I have changed my company name and am now providing company A with services that were not included in the original contract.  To review1) changes to the contract were not made when my company name was changed (2009) [laura scroggins dba Tea Leaf Media is now laura scroggins dba Avalon M I S2) I now provide services that were not included in the original contractThe contract indicated 30 day notice to terminate but I would like to terminate in 10 days. Do I have the legal right to terminate the contract in 10 days?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What are my options if my dentist overcharged me $500 without me knowing? My dentist overcharged me $500 without me knowing.  What are my options?	Consumer Questions	California
Law that states you can put up a fence & no trespassing signs for 7 years & land becomes yours? is there a law that states you can put up a fence and no trespassing signs for 7 years and the land becomes yours?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding joint custody and concerns of the other parent's job in a high crime area? I have joint custody of my child (70%).  The other custodial parent has taken a weekend job. This job is in a high crime area and the child is with that parent at that job.  The job involves selling things at a flea market where numerous people come through.  I feel  very uncomfortable about the child being in this environment.  Is there anything I can do?	Family Questions	Georgia
Will Section 409A affect ability to hire employees when paying with stock options? I am in the process of assembling a team for my startup.  Of course, we will pay them in stock options initially.  However, I read that section 409A imposes a tax when stocks are used as a form of compensation.  Will this affect my ability to hire employees, and if so, what are my alternatives?	Securities Questions,Tax Questions	California
Do I have to be divorced from my husband to file for custody of my children? Do I have to be divorced from my husband to file for custody of my children?	Family Questions	Delaware
As a student on F-1 visa, how should I file my taxes as the owner of a company? I am a student on an F-1 visa who opened a LLC in 2011 and hired an employee to manage it. I only own the company, but do not (and SHOULD not) have any role in day-to-day operations. Now it is tax season, and as a single-owner LLC, I have the option of filing my return as an S-corp (benefiting from pass-through expenses, which offset my student stipend income ), or a C-corp (double-taxation- I only take dividends). The S-corp (Schedule C) would be financially beneficial, but does it implicitly indicate that I am running the company/ playing some role in managing it? I just want to be perfectly compliant from an immigration standpoint, but also don't want to pay extra taxes where I don't need to. Please advise how to file my taxes. Thanks.	Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
Do I have any rights as an independent contractor when my employer refuses to pay me overtime? I was an independent contractor working as a caregiver for the past several years. Due to certain circumstances I quit. However, I am due overtime which my employer refuses to pay. Do I have any rights as an independent contractor? Besides Small Claims can I report her to the Labor Board?	Employment Questions	California
How to collect on money writ? How do I collect on a money writ?  What agency will attach wages in order to collect on this?	California Questions,Contract Questions	California
What are my rights in regards to a security deposit not being returned? I gave a deposit for a room in cash Friday. We were negotiating the terms of the lease. I declined Sunday and requested my deposit back.  She refuses to return my money until she rents the room. There was no signed lease.   I have a hand written receipt for deposit.What are my rights? Dj Lawson	Real Estate Questions	California
Implications of having those employees be full-time with my startup vs. independent contractors? I have a startup but have not yet filed for incorporation/LLC. What's holding me up is the following: right now I am engaged with a third-party company that is building out the technology platform for me. However, at the moment, I am their only client and they are dedicated to my idea/company. What I am trying to decide between is whether I absorb that company and hire their employees as full-time employees within my startup, or if they remain as a separate company and I hire them on as independent contractors.  What complicates the issue is that their company has a 25% equity stake in my company. What are the legal and tax implications of having those employees be full-time with my startup vs. independent contractors?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Can minor in grandparents' custody leave state without parental consent? Can a 16 year old living in the state of North Carolina leave home without parents consent, if she is going to live with another family member?Her Grandparents have custody of her.	Family Questions	North Carolina
If I was to refuse to sign the job description how does this effect my eligibility for unemployment? I work in New York state. I work for a non profit organization that serves developmentally disabled individuals in a management position. Recently a co-worker resigned who was also working in the same capacity as me. When she resigned the agency shifted all of her duties and responsibilities to me along with what I had already been responsible for. The agency told me they were going to create a new position and have me sign a new job description. There was no raise in pay or benefit provided for me to accept this, just double the daily responsibility. If I was to refuse to sign the job description how does this effect my eligibility for unemployment?	Employment Questions	New York
Can you copyright a shape? Can you copyright a shape?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	01
Can I produce a slogan on bumper sticker and market it without permission from Chick-Fil-A legally? I have developed a "slogan" which simply says " I support Chick-Fil-A." Can I produce this on a bumper sticker and market it without permission from Chick-Fil-A corporation legally?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Virginia
How does one patent a medical research invention?  How does one patent a medical research invention? Is it a similar process to other kinds of patents?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Do we still have to go through probate with our late mother's assets? My mom (IL) resident passed away last month.  Although she had POAs making me the attorney in fact for all her affairs, I understand these became void upon her death.  She did not have a < a href="http://www.rocketlawyer.com/document/last-will-and-testament.rl">will and last testament	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
I have a stepgrandchild living in GA.  Child just recently turned 16 on 12/18/11 and does not want to live with custodial parent.  Only lived in GA since mid-November.  In CT, where child is originally from, a minor 16 years and older can decide with whom and where they want to live.  Same in GA? None	Family Questions	Connecticut
Is there any way I can protect a proposed book title before it's published?	Copyright Questions	California
Were common law marriages ever legal in Florida? Were common law marriages ever legal in Florida?	Family Questions	Florida
I have created a web page to explore the issues. I want to post copies of articles by web based pundits (from  RSN, Truthout, etc.) and include full credits of title, authorship and web source, etc., in order to help people decide where they stand on the issues. Is this ok? None	Copyright Questions	Colorado
Fora divorce, do I need to refile or can I serve him again with just those forms?  I filed for a divorce on my own back in 2009. But I didn't serve my ex-husband the preliminary declaration of disclosure forms because I didn't understand that I had to.  Now I need to know what to do with those forms. Do I need to refile? Or can I serve him again with just those forms? It has been over 3 years since I originally filed but I have been separated from him since 2005. Does the information that I submit need to be current or should it pertain to the year that I filed? Please help me. I really didn't know what to do. This divorce got pushed to the side because so much has been happening in my life with me raising my kids on my own.	Family Questions	California
Can a company impose its valuation on a minority shareholder? I own a little more than 5% of the stock in a small company, Sub S Corp structure. We do between $3 and $4 million a year in sales and are always profitable, although the pass through advantages can often show a loss. I'm looking at a bankruptcy and trying to figure out what my stock is worth if the company has to buy me out in a triggered event (bankruptcy, death, leaving the company trigger a sale). The company said it valued my share of the company at $24k, which seems incredibly low to me. If because the stock is not really trade-able, can they just value it any way they see fit?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Illinois
i have recently moved out of state and my ex-husband and I have no legal custody agreement regarding our kids. My youngest is 10 and he is left in his sister's care a lot and he wants to come stay with me.  i have a day job and family to help and he will never be alone.  am I within legal rights?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
A customer claims your employee has stolen from them. What do you do? I am a small business owner of a cleaning service. One of my clients is accusing one of my helpers of stealing $1400.00 a week after we cleaned. My helper claim she did not do it and I know I did not do it.The client want the money or she will call the police. How should I proceed?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Employment Questions	Illinois
Legal to not get paid for traveling to a job site when it takes an hour to get there? I am currently employed and arrive at the home base garage to use the company truck to go to and from my job each day. However, the actual job site is an hour drive each way. As of now we are not getting paid until we reach the job site, so I am putting in 10-hour days and only getting paid for 8. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	California
Is it against the law to marry a member of your family for citizenship?  Is it against the law to marry a member of your family for citizenship? If so, what are the consequences?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Why do I need attorney to take drunk driver to small claims? A drunk driver hit my car and was ordered to pay me $500 for my deductible. Courthouse said he hasn't paid, but has a couple more days. If he does not, he will be sent to collections and I could need to hire an attorney and take him to small claims court. Why is that, and would it even be worth it?	Criminal Questions	Idaho
How to indicate in pro-se divorce papers that neither spouse currently has custody? I'm working through the paperwork for a pro-se divorce. My spouse and I do have minor children, but neither of us has custody at this time. How do I indicate this in the papers?	Family Questions	South Dakota
What are my rights if my truck is impounded? I am a gulf war veteran with post traumatic stress disorder.  My truck was impounded, and I have a fixed income, and can't pay storage fees. What are my rights?	Criminal Questions	California
What do you do when the lawyer takes your money than doesn't do what he agreed to do? What do you do when the lawyer takes your money than doesn't do what he agreed to do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Should I report my profit in foreign country from goods from US in US? I am a F1 visa holder (nonresident alien). I want to engage in a business that buying some goods from the department stores or supermarkets in the US and selling them to China. So all the profits are generated in China. Should I report these incomes to the US?	Commercial Questions,Finance Questions,Tax Questions	California
Question regarding submitting a fiance petition back in June? I submitted a fiance petition back in June. It was received and the status says it is in the review status. From the timeline it says it takes up to 5 months to process it. I went to visit my fiance for a month and we really just wanted to go ahead and get married. We did not at the time, but I am going back this month and I would really just like to get married. I want to know how that will affect the petition already in and or if it's a bad idea. If we can just go ahead and get married what would I have to do then?	Immigration Questions	New York
Can all employees be held accountable for one employee job performance? I have just received a e-mail that all salary employees were getting a pay decrease because of poor job performance, although I have never received a poor evaluation or job performance. Can all employees be held accountable for one employee job performance?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Adding new owners to S corp? I own 100% of an S-corp, and want to add 2-3 partners, with one joining now and possibly 1-2 others later. Can this be done with an S-corp, or should I start a new entity? One factor is that the business will need to operate under a new name for marketing and other reasons, and it will be neither the current S-corp name nor the current DBA.	Corporate Questions	Massachusetts
Is investor term sheet proposing funds disbursal over time risky? One of our prospective investors has proposed in our term sheet that investments amounts will be disbursed over time and when we reach certain milestones.  I would prefer to get all the money upfront, but I feel like we have no choice but to accept his terms.  Is this a risky proposition for us?	Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
How do I obtain my funds from a trust my grandmother set up for me? How do I obtain my funds from a trust my grandmother set up for me?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Question about divorce? Have owned an s corp since 1990 with husband. It's a publishing company. My (nearly) sole income has come form there in these years and we are getting divorced, having separated in June of 2011. Divorce isn't finalized and I've brought in other monies from another visitors guide. He's saying the draw I've gotten from my corp is considered a "settlement" as I've not contributed to biz in months. What say you?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can I sue for child support and alimony? My husband was deported back to Haiti for fraud. Now I hear that he's in Canada. I was married to him in 1984 and he left in 1987. We have a daughter that I had to raise alone. I want to sue for child support and alimony. Can I do that?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Are auto-renewing leases binding in Maine? In the state of Maine, is it binding to have a automatic renewal notice on a lease without a written notice  from the landlord before the original term ends?	Contract Questions	Maine
Do I legally have to comply with a credit and background check? I signed a lease and already paid first month with a security deposit but now the landlord is asking for a credit and background check.  Do I legally have to comply?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can anyone help as I'm looking for either some direction to find a sample or blank motion to terminate community control? I'm looking for either some direction to find a sample or blank motion to terminate community control. Can you help?	Criminal Questions	Florida
How long without a break can a employee work? How long without a break can an employee work?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Should I hire a defense attorney for a motion of default judgment in the state the motion where the motion has been filed or the state I live? I have a motion of default judgment filed against me.  The motion has been filed out of state.  My question is, should I hire a defense attorney from the state that the motion has been filed, or should I hire an attorney from my own state?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Friend refuses to pay for contractual agreement. I helped a friend get a cell phone a few yrs ago. He defaulted, and I received a collection notice, drew up a contractual agreement w/all pertinent info & had it signed, witnessed, notarized. Now, he is not paying and hasn't paid for 2 mos. How can i get my money? It's close to $1000.	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Maine
Review of a contract for my home business of a doggy daycare? I have written a contract, but I want it reviewed by a lawyer. It is for my home business, doggie daycare.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Oregon
Can we use others' photos and recipes on our website? For my business we post images, recipes and information on our blog, facebook and twitter and in paper newsletters we distribute to customers.  We do not have the resources or skills to take our own photos or create our own recipes.  We search for our recipes and photos online and cite the sources.  But we are concerned that this isn't enough and would like to know how we can make sure we are following copyright laws for online images and recipes.	Contract Questions,Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	California
Question regarding accessing a garnishment on my checking and saving account that wiped them out? I was accessed a garnishment on my checking and savings accounts which literally wiped out the accounts. In turn, my bills to be paid all bounced. I called a debt collector and he stated that there was no need to call me about it. I asked who made the judgement and he said the judgment was given back in 2009. Is this legal? I sent the debt collector a letter asking to verify the account in question. He claims the letter never came into the office. Is all this legal?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
How to cut off contact with ex-spouse not involved in child's life? My ex-husband had nothing to do with our daughter for 8 years, from the time she was 1 1/2 until 9. He did supervised visitation for a year, saw her 9 times, went twice for 3 months with no contact. How can I get him out of our lives? He doesn't really want to see her & she doesn't want to see him.	Family Questions	Ohio
Can I develop smart phone apps on my own time? I have a full-time job working for an employer. My question: I would like to make and release apps for smartphones and make money during the evenings/weekends while employed full-time by my employer. How do I know if there are any legal issues involved. Thanks.	Employment Questions	California
What do I do if I got my license suspended but I need it for work? I Got my license suspended for possession of marijuana. No heartship available. I Have 40+HR job in constitution and 2 children. I Have to get to work with all tools. What  do I do?	Criminal Questions	Oregon
How to deal with tenant not moving out after lease expires? I have a tenant whose lease ran out (August 31) but he did not move. He was two months behind on his rent when the lease expired.Question: Can I give him a reasonable time to move and them throw a trespassing charge at him or do I have to go through an eviction process. At this point he has no lease - and in my opinion no legal basis to be in the property.Numerous promises to get current with the rent and give me a solid move date have come and gone without him doing what he promised. Today he informed me he will "try" to be out by Oct 1. At this point I'm essentially supporting him and my feeling is that he will continue to live on my dime as long as he can. I want to minimize the damage.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What can I do far as financial advice if I am unsatisfied with the job of a lawyer? What can I do far as financial advice if I am unsatisfied with the job of a lawyer is doing to resolve a case?	Criminal Questions	Florida
I am a small business owner of a cleaning service. One of my clients is accussing one of my helpers ... I am a small business owner of a cleaning service. One of my clients is accussing one of my helpers of stealing $1400.00 a week after we cleaned her house. My helper swears she did not take it and I know I did not. The client wants the money or she is going to the police. She said the money was in a bath robe. How should I proceed?	Consumer Questions,Criminal Questions,Employment Questions,Personal Injury Questions	California
We have a Christmas ornament that has a unique design that I would like to protect. Can I do so with a copyright or trademark?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Manufacturing Questions,Trademark Questions	Texas
I want to quote and paraphrase the lyrics of the 1960s popular TV cartoon lyric - "Roger Ramjet." I have not been able to find any contact information for the 2 owners who are now deceased or their estates. Does that raise any copyright issues?	Copyright Questions	New Mexico
If my husband defaults on the loan, what can I do to protect my credit and being liable for the loan? During a time of a divorce, my husband wanted to get a new vehicle, but he did not have credit for a loan.  He worked for a car dealership and was able to get a loan by using my credit without my authorization.  If he defaults on the loan, what can I do to protect my credit and being liable for the loan?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
How to get paycheck for first two weeks of work? I was hired on October 17, 2011. The company did not pay me for that week nor for that following Saturday. What violation did they violate and how do I get them to pay me?	Employment Questions	California
When signing POA for taxes does this transfer your responsibility to communicate? Power Of Attorney:When signing power of attorney for taxes does this transfer your responsibility to communicate with Department Of State ny to your appointed power of attorney? Will this be proof enough the date and signature to release me of any slip up on the power of attorneys part with the Department that the matter is with?	Tax Questions	California
Question regarding my landlord filing an unlawful detainer law suit against me? My landlord filed an unlawful detainer law suit against me. I responded and now we have a court date for tomorrow 9/7/12. When he gave me the three day notice he included late fees and other charges. He also went back two years. I know that in California you can only list rent money owed and you can only go back one year. I want to have the suit dismissed, how do i go about it tomorrow. Please answer me now if you can.	Real Estate Questions	California
May I trademark a general concept about a professional sports player? Is the image of "fill in the blank"'s number and this clever phrase about the athlete trademarkable?  Can I get in trouble if I start selling "fill in the blanks" via the Internet that have the player related slogan that I mentioned?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Collective Dismissal. Can my severance package include a compensation related to the fact that I am an expat and left my country due to the job in question?	Commercial Questions	California
What agreement do I need to purchase IP from a contractor? I need an agreement by which I buy the IP and all other ancillary rights to software, code, internet assets etc developed by an Independent contractor with whom I had a faulty agreement that did not specifically assign me these rights. Is there one I can find online and customize? Do I need one to be specially designed for me?	Contract Questions,Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	California
What should we do when we have a property problem with my nephew? My husband and I purchased a house in Florida. We were not documented at the time of purchase. A few months after I was diagnosed with cervical cancer. Fearing the worst and having a baby at the time. We quit claim the property to my nephew temporarily. Two years after I've been given a clean bill of health and is ready to have our house back in my name my nephew seems to want to poise a problem. What should we do?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can any added item be placed on a contract below the signature without notice? Can any added item be placed on a contract below the signature without notice or clause in the contract of an amendment or addendum being added as part of the contract?If that item is not adhered too does that make the contract non-binding?	Contract Questions	Florida
Can I sue if technician came to install cable internet and to not interfere with the control system but did? A Time Warner technician came to install cable internet, and I asked him not to interfere with the control system, but simply to find a cable line from the wall, that he could use to install their modem. In the process, he cut apart a few existing wires, and also unplugged electrical wires from my home automation equipment, without explaining or asking my permission and now my home automation system does not function for entire rooms of my apartment. Do I have to sue? It will probably cost $1000 to hire an AV expert to re-program my home automation system, but I can't spent $3k in lawyer's fees to get $1000 back. Please advise.	Consumer Questions	New York
How to stop garnishing paycheck?  How do I reduce or stop a creditor garnishing my paycheck?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I lose my home because of credit card debt? Can I lose my home because of credit card debt?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Will new spouse have rights to my present and future possessions? I am planning to get married. Will my new wife have rights to my presently owned real estate and future inheritance?	Family Questions	Hawaii
Does the complex have legal ground to withhold payment for services already provided? I own a small cleaning company that cleans apartments for a complex. They recently terminated our contract because of 'a conflict of interest'. They had trouble finding another cleaning company, so I agreed to continue cleaning until they found someone else. During that time I did not renew our workers comp insurance because we no longer needed it. Now the apartment complex is refusing to pay for the services I provided because I am not insured. Do they have legal ground to withhold payment for services already provided?	Tax Questions	Florida
Formed Nevada LLC; Need CA Corporation Quickly? I have a Nevada LLC headquartered in Los Angeles, CA that was formed 3 months ago,and is currently registered as a foreign LLC in California. The company has no revenue but pays out salary. I'm trying to convert it to C corp to award stock options to early employees. What is the cheapest and fastest option to go about it? I'm trying to avoid reopening another bank account and registering it in CA, which takes 80 business days to process.	Corporate Questions	California
How to prove husband's allegations untrue without lawyer? My husband has petitioned and been granted an expedited hearing on taking my children away from me and granting him sole custody. He is claiming I'm unstable and using drugs. These allegations are not true so I have the truth. But how do I prove it in 3 days without legal counsel? He has a lawyer.	Family Questions	Maine
Corporate minutes I am involved in a company that has been in existence for over 20 years.  The company did not keep corporate minutes until the last two years.  The company is up for sale, but is concerned that the lack of minutes will turn off prospective buyers.  What can the company do to correct the failure to keep minutes?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Securities Questions	California
Any recourse if my sister is accusing me of embezzlement of my mother's checking accounts? My sister is accusing me of embezzlement of my mother's Retirement and checking accounts. Is there any recourse for the slander? She has been telling other people.	Family Questions	California
How do I file for a divorce? How do I file for a divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it legal if joint writer exploits joint written song while other writer does not benefit? Joint writer (1) assigns non-exclusive" song rights for free repeatedly and the joint written song (Mechanicals, Performance Rights, Syn Licenses) are all strongly exploited commercially and used in the publishing, promotional and marketing that powerfully benefits Joint Writer (1) and his business practices ...AND the other joint writer (2) gets nothing in royalty earnings or accounting.  Is this fair, just and legal to Joint Writer (2)? NOTE:  This Joint Writing has only an implied contract.	Copyright Questions	North Carolina
Can I evict my ex as having abandoned the home?  As per the terms of our divorce my ex-wife gets to stay in my home until August of 2013 in lieu of alimony. At that time she is to vacate I retain possession and her alimony is set at $0. My problem is that she has been evicted from the home by the city code enforcement, for unsafe living conditions (no electricity). She is doing drugs, has been arrested several times and letting people use the home as a flophouse. The home has been ransacked and burglarized several times. Can I evict her as having abandoned the home? What are my least expensive options, including the alimony part of the remainder of the term?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is my company obligated to pay for my drive to the job? My company is based out of York town Va but the job we work at is 3 to 4 hours away. I show up at our office at 7am and drive a company truck to Raleigh NC 4 hours away. Is my company obligated to pay for my drive to the job or can they consider that a perk that I'm driving there van and not pay me for my drive?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
What type of report that court could look at or base on to make decision regarding  to choose a school for my child?  What type of report that court could look at or base on to make decision regarding  to choose a school for my child (my kid will be 5 next year)?  We have join custody and 50/50 visitation and other factor that court will take into consideration for making decision.	Family Questions	California
Do I owe the new company the money or do I owe the original company the money? I have a contract for web design.  I paid half the contract value up front.  Now the company has closed and opened under a new name.  My website source code has not been delivered and the new company wants the rest of the money.  He says he will give me the source code after I pay him.  Do I owe this new company the money?  Or do I owe the original company the money?	Contract Questions	California
If you take a plea deal in a criminal case how much will it affect the outcome of a civil lawsuit? If you take a plea deal in a criminal case how much will it affect the outcome of a civil lawsuit?	Criminal Questions	New York
Do I have a case of a refund if I bought a car that came with a 30 day contract to void and it's damaged? I bought a car that came with a 30 day contract to void. I had the car for 12 days when the engine seized do to water entering the engine. I talked to the dealership an tried leaving the contract. They told me I couldn't, I either had to fix the car and keep it or lose the money I put into it. I agreed to fix it because I could afford not having a car and losing that much money. After fixing it I took it to the dealership 6 times for multiple reasons and every time I would get the car back in the same or worse condition. I only want to get the money back I put into it. Do I have a case?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I get our joint custody divorce legally settled when our son is involved? My ex-wife and I have a joint custody divorce where she is on record as the custodian. My now 14 year old son came to live with me two years ago and wants to make it permanent. My ex-wife wants him back . Our divorce was done here in Georgia and she lives in Florida. How can I get the legally settled?	Family Questions	Georgia
If a lease contains no provisions for its renewal, what obligation does the landlord have for the tenant? If a lease for the rental of an apartment contains no provisions for its renewal, what obligation does the landlord have for notifying a tenant of her intention not to renew?  Is there a legally required amount of prior notice?  Must a reason be given?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How do we, as an association, go about obtaining an audit of our records from our former company? I own a condo and our association has had a management company managing our monthly fees for several years .  We recently decided to change management companies and we have run into a problem.  Our former management company refuses to release our records to the new company. At the time of the change the old management company stated that our bank account had less than one hundred dollars in it. How do we, as an association, go about obtaining an audit of our records from our former management company?	Real Estate Questions	California
final sales contract If I bought a business for X amount and then years later sign a contract that the business is paid in full, when in actually there was still money owed, can the seller make buyer pay the amount that remains?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Alabama
Is it valid for my ex to ask to pay the court order fees when he said I didn't have to 8 years ago? I had a court order 8 years ago saying I had to pay to my ex-husband attorney fees, but he never asked me for that payment and now after 8 years he is trying to collect it. Is it valid to do that?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If I'm suing the IRS would that be a fed or civil suit? If I'm suing the IRS would that be a fed or civil suit?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Ex recently gave birth, gives son up for adoption. In May of 2010, I returned from Iraq and in June 2010, I began dating a woman, who had a daughter. We continued dating for 2 more months, and then split up due to me moving away. I was informed in April of 2011, that she had recently gave birth to my son, but he was given up for adoption. Help?	Family Questions	California
Question regarding A friend of mine getting a letter from the US DOJ/California? A friend of mine (seriously) got a letter from the US DOJ/California: "You are receiving this letter because your name and/or address has been identified with the purchases of controlled substances online. These were often shipped from foreign countries. The DEA is actively and aggressively targeting these online illicit websites for prosecution. If you have any questions about this letter or have info to provide about illegal online websites, call the DEA." My question: what does this letter mean - is he in trouble? Was this a warning? Are they coming after him? He says he bought some pot couple times a few years back, but stopped well over a year ago. He said it was always very minimal amounts. Do you think he should contact an attorney?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
We had an agreement to provide ongoing lawn and landscaping services to the tenant of a home in Penn... We had an agreement to provide ongoing lawn and landscaping services to the tenant of a home in Pennsylvania.  After several attempts to collect a past due balance from the tenant, we remain unsuccessful.  Normally, we would file a civil complaint and obtain a judgement, file a writ of execution and initiate sheriff's sale if debt still unsatisfied.  In this case, the tenant was evicted or moved.  Do I have any recourse on the real property or the owner of the real property?  To my understanding, the tenant operates as an agent for the landlord on certain items that may or may not be included in their lease, such as decisions about maintenance and repairs, etc.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
General question about security deposit retention. If a owner in a property lease has been breached by the tenants (early departure), can it be withheld the entire security deposit when the property was re-rented the next day?	Leasing Questions	Colorado
How to reduce liability regarding negative user reviews on site? My website has a rating and review system that allows users to provide feedback on user generated content.  To minimize liability, how should we deal with situations where negative reviews are posted?	Internet Questions,Internet Law Questions,Privacy Questions	California
Can I refile for divorce in another state? If I filed for divorce in Colorado and it was finalized can I re file in another state? I am unhappy with the laws in regards to custody with my child in the State of Colorado	Family Questions	Colorado
Legal approach for running consignment-style internet-based business? I am starting a company in which we will accept customer goods for storage, selling on ebay, donating to charities, or selling via consignment partners. I need to understand what my rights and responsibilities are regarding checking to make sure that customers are not trying to sell stolen goods. I know that ebay resellers and other consignment stores out there do this sort of thing, but obviously I can't take an ID from the person since they sign up over the internet. I need to know what the right, legal approach should be.	Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Consumer Internet Questions,Contract Questions,eCommerce Law Questions	Illinois
/questions/93a2a925dc/can-the-second-mortgage-holder-foreclose/

How to approach trademark owners to license their trademark for mobile application? I am in the process of finishing up a mobile application and would like to use the trademarks belonging to others for marketing purposes and cross-functionality purposes.  How should I proceed to approach the trademark owners to secure any proper and necessary licenses to use such trademarks?	Contract Questions,Mobile Applications Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Legal case against financial adviser. Hi all.  My Father-in-law and his brothers took out 2 insurance policies on their parents several years ago with their Financial Adviser.  Apparently no one from the family has heard from their "adviser" in many years...until now, when he informed them that the cash value from the policies was gone.  The family thought the policies were whole life and the premium would not increase.  Now the cash values of each policy is zero, and they are forced to let the policies lapse.  They are devastated that their "adviser" did not keep them up to speed on cash value balances, premium increases, etc.They are contemplating legal action against the adviser.  Do they have a case??	Contract Questions,Family Questions,Financial Questions,Insurance Questions	Colorado
child support for separation/divorce We have been separated 5 months and my husband has given me a certifed letter stating that he gives me full custody of our 7 yr old son. Can a judge grant a petition for separation or divorce in Ga without ruling on child support?  If he leaves and cannot be found, can I proceed with the divorce at a later date? He has also given me a certified letter authorizing me to manage our previous residence and the positive cash flow from it until such time as it becomes a liability. Both the loan and the deed are in his name only.  Essentially, he is willing to provide support as he is able; but doesn't want to have the state looking for him as he is trying to rebuild his life. We lost businesses, real estate, and a child; he has been unemployed 3+	Family Questions	Georgia
How can I stop the mother of our child from taking him 2 hours away? How can I stop the mother of our child from taking him 2 hours away?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Is there a way I can cancel the will if I presently have without a big fee? I'm in FL.  Is there a way I can cancel the will and last testament I presently have without a big fee, or is it possible to do so?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Ex-wife threatening husband with jail if he takes her to court to get child back. My husband's ex-wife left with his child on April of 2011. He hasn't seen her since & she keeps telling him that if he tries to take her to court, he'll go to jail. Is there anything that he can do to help get his child back? He misses her so much.	Family Questions	Alabama
Independent third party evaluation of stock? My company has a stock option plan and the board determines the fair market value of the company's stock when the board approves stock option grants.  Should my company get an independent third party valuation of the value of the stock to support the board's determination of fair market value?	Securities Questions	California
How much notice do I have to give my landlord in order to receive security deposit back? If my lease has expired in NY state and I am moving, how much notice do I have to give my landlord in order to receive security deposit back?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How can I get a divorce and an agreement of child custody without a lawyer? How can I get a divorce and an agreement of child custody without a lawyer?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Maryland
Employee transfer Can an employer put an employee on a different shift if the employee does not want to be on that different shift?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Case of retaliation against my employer if given the option of a suspension or quit with 2-week pay? On July 6th I met with my boss and the HR manager to clear up the rumors being spread in the office and some of my own complaints. Not another word until July 19th when someone other than my boss told me the relationship would either end on my terms or theirs. I was given the option of a writeup and 3 day suspension or quit with 2 weeks pay. I quit. I have documentation of my manager telling people of our meeting and warning them about me and of others making comments like its my "time of the month." In 5 years I have never been disciplined for any reason. I was also just given a $1 raise and sent to a $3500 class for 2 weeks just before this meeting. Do I have a case of retaliation against my employer? I am in California.	Employment Questions	California
Retaliation Laws On July 6th I met with my boss and the HR manager to clear up the rumors being spread in the office and some of my own complaints. Not another word until July 19th when someone other than my boss told me the relationship would either end on my terms or theirs. I was given the option of a writeup and 3 day suspension or quit with 2 weeks pay. I quit. I have documentation of my manager telling people of our meeting and warning them about me and of others making comments like its my "time of the month." In 5 years I have never been disciplined for any reason. I was also just given a $1 raise and sent to a $3500 class for 2 weeks just before this meeting. Do I have a case of retaliation against my employer? I am in California.	Employment Questions	California
If I have provided a small deposit and signed a lease agreement, can I back out of the deal? I have not taken possession of the property, and I have paid the security deposit.  it is understood that I will lose my initial deposit.	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Can I use house willed to me to get reverse mortgage? My husband died 4 years ago and left me all of the property including the house in his will and last testament, but, it is still in his name. Can I use the house to get a reverse mortgage in my name? If not, how can I correct the problem?	Finance Questions,Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
If a renter changes his mind before moving in and doesn't want to rent anymore, do I give the first month's rent and the security deposit? What if a renter changes his mind before moving in and doesn't want to rent anymore? Can he refund all his payments like the first month's rent and the security deposit?	Real Estate Questions	California
If someone pays me with a check & I owe child support can I change it & will bank keep the money? If someone pays me with a check and I owe child support can I change it and will the bank keep the money?	Family Questions	California
if you're buying a house on one price while trying to close the deal & they raise the price, can they do that? if you're buying a house on one price while trying to close the deal & they raise the price, can they do that?	Real Estate Questions	California
Illegal to stand on a public roadway with a sign that states a woman is homeless by her police husband? Is it illegal to stand on a public roadway with a sign that says "my husband who is a police chief for this city has had me thrown out of our home and now I am homeless and he also stole my car - please help me" or something along that line?	Criminal Questions	Maryland
Can a husband force his wife out of their home if it's only in his name? Can a husband force his wife out of their home if it's only in his name?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
If I work my regular scheduled 8 hours can i be forced to stay and work 12 to 16? I work in long term care. If I work my regular scheduled 8 hours can i be forced to stay and work 12 to 16?	Employment Questions	Indiana
In a custody case, with no laywers involved, the father says he has evidence that the mother has given the court false information. Does the father need to disclose the evidence to the mother before the trial?	Family Questions	Virginia
if you are on a joint lease with another person for a apartment is it legal for one of the people on the lease to remove the other person without a signature or permission from the other person? if you are on a joint lease with another person for a apartment is it legal for one of the people on the lease to remove the other person without a signature or permission from the other person?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	New York
I found a string, appears to be a "mop string" in the center of an English Muffin from Thomas Muffins. Do I have any recourse, the company wants me to send it back to them for an analysis.	Consumer Questions,Product Liability Questions	Michigan
Does it mean I lose all my stuff in the house or do I have to be out of there immediately? I was suppose to pay rent by the 5th and I wasn't able to so my landlord gave me til the 25th to come up with full or nothing. I'm not able to and she's asked me to turn in my key. Does that mean I lose all my stuff in the house or do I have to be out of there immediately?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can a 17 year old move out of her house legally? Can a 17 year old move out of her house legally?	Family Questions	North Carolina
I am filing for primary custody for my children, currently I have joint custody (shared responsibility),   My spouse has been convicted of a felony recently.  Would this felony conviction help me on my case to gain primary custody of my children with fair child support payments?	Family Questions	Florida
Legal impropriety when real estate lawyer elected to HOA board of directors. I'm the president of my home owners association. I have a new homeowner, that happens to be lawyer, specializing in real estate law. This person has been elected to the board of directors, and is interested in taking over our legal duties and collections. My question: is there any legal impropriety?	Administrative Law Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Legal Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Can landlord take my rent if he went bankrupt and not paying mortgage? I rent a house and my landlord went bankrupt last year and stopped paying the mortgage. The house is not in foreclosure yet. I have continued to pay him rent & he is just pocketing the money, aside from the HOA dues which he told me he does still pay. Is it legal for him to continue taking the rent?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
Can I cancel contract within 72 hours for full refund in NY? Can I cancel a contract within 72 hours for a full refund under New York state law?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Company will not reimburse for damaged personal toolbox. I am a mechanic and I'm required to provide my own tools. Recently, another co-worker had an accident on the job resulting in complete damage to my toolbox. The company I work for does not want to file with their insurance and will not reimburse me for the damages. What can I do?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Government Questions,Insurance Questions,Workers Comp Questions	Virginia
How do I negotiate a workers comp settlement without an attorney? How do I negotiate a workers comp settlement without an attorney?	Workers Comp Questions	Illinois
Does inability to work due to injury qualify for SSI? Will I receive SSI benefits for a chainsaw accident to my left thumb and index finger? Both fingers were shredded, 27 stitches, with still open wounds, ligament damage, broken bone. I will need therapy and ligament/skin graft. Construction is my occupation.	Insurance Questions	Washington
What are my options and how do I go about making sure my name isn't stolen? I've started my own clothing line and it is catching on. I have multiple offers to work with local businesses that are already established but I need an inexpensive legal document that insures my name can't be stolen. What are my options and how do I go about getting it?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Do HIPPA laws relate to non-medical employees? Can a employee in a non-management position, non-human resource position, and working at a non-medical company break HIPPA Laws? Do the HIPPA laws relate to a regular employee who does not work a a medical facility?	Health Care Questions	Indiana
What becomes of my mother's debt who recently passed away? My Mom died on Dec. 27, 2011 with about eight thousand dollars owed to two credit cards. She left no estate, having lived on a Social Security pension. What becomes of her debt? Can I send a death certificate with the latest bill to satisfy the debt?	Family Questions,Finance Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Maine
Can landlord keep security deposit if tenant breaks lease? I am a landlord. If in the lease agreement states that the tenant does not live up to the "terms of the lease" and breaks his 1-year lease, are we able to keep he security deposit? We live in Buffalo, NY. Thank you.	Leasing Questions	New York
Am I liable for person's debt if I claim her as dependent on taxes? I am a single male living with a single female who has significant financial liabilities.  If I claim her as a dependent for federal income tax purposes, can I become liable for money she owes to others?	Family Questions,Financial Questions,Tax Questions	Mississippi
Can boss take hours away if transfer requested? I work at McDonald's restaurant and about 2 weeks ago I told my boss that I wanted to transfer to another store. After I told her, she took all my hours away. Is that legal?	Employment Questions,Legal Questions	Michigan
A client fired me from a remodel because my crew was  working without me. I explained that as a business owner, I cannot be on all jobs at the same time. We were just about done when he fired us. At what point and how do I place a lien on the property and/or send this account to collections?	Construction Law Questions,Contract Questions	Idaho
Can I get money back after signing lease contract? I signed a lease contract and paid the monthly amount. But, after two days, I decided that it is not good for me. Can I get my money back?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions	Nevada
Can I put tenant out myself if they do not leave? I need an eviction. My contract states the amount of time for my tenant to leave is after asked 3 days. It was contracted, signed and dated. Do I have the right to put her out myself? Thanks.	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions	Ohio
How to legally protect name recognition? We have had a hobby biz using the name Tumblebeads for 13 years and have had tumblebeads.com for 12. Recently I discovered that others are riding our coattails. What can be done to protect our name recognition 'legally'?	Administrative Law Questions,Advertising Law Questions	California
Is there advantage to being president in corporation with 2 owners? In a corporation with two owners (e.g. 50/50) what is advantages of being president over vice president?	Partnership Questions	Kentucky
What is the traffic law for drivers turning along side with public bus? Is there any law that states that drives should yield to a public bus when the bus and the drive in the car are both turning?	Finance Questions,Immigration Questions,Leasing Questions,Personal Injury Questions,Real Estate Questions	Virginia
What action to take when high school deprives chronically ill child of education and benefits? Two years ago our town's local high school neglected my daughter to a proper education and benefits when she became chronically ill. She was an A student up until her illness. She is now 20 and thankfully in the road to recovery. She demands justice from the unlawful behavior displayed. Please help.	Business Internet Questions,Education Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Vermont
Can public university request sensitive documents to process financial aid? Can a public university ask for documentation such as bank statements, investment statements, and payments of bills using savings/retirement funds to finish processing financial aid?	Education Questions	Michigan
Can company do partial bankruptcy for one creditor? Can a company do a partial bankruptcy for one creditor who is being less reasonable then others?	Banking Law Questions	Florida
Can tenant's boss sue me for forged checks? I am a new landlord in Illinois.  My tenant is accused of forging checks from her workplace to pay for her rent. Her boss is suing me to return the "stolen" money. Can he do this?	Leasing Questions	Illinois
I have tenants who refuse to pay their rent. If their lease is up in April can they still stay? I have tenants who are refusing to pay their rent, they flat out told me they know their rights and they will squat.   My question is if their lease is up in April can they still stay?	Leasing Questions	New York
Listing creditor lawsuit in schedule F. Hi there, I wanted to find out if a creditor is suing on an debtor account, should I list it once or twice in schedule F (one time for the account and one time for the lawsuit or one time for all of it)? Thanks.	Bankruptcy Questions	Texas
What are the legal considerations for a non-US citizen setting up a business in the US?	Corporate Questions,Immigration Questions	Florida
I'm a salary employe. if I'm sick 2 days, can they deduct from my pay?	California Questions,Employment Questions,Workers Comp Questions	California
We recently moved from an apartment to a condo that was a rental. We are not planning to stay, and we haven't signed a lease. But they say there was verbal agreement. Is there such a thing?	Leasing Questions	California
Will notarized letter refusing child support hold in court? If I have a letter notorized stating that the mother of my child does not want me to have visitation rights or pay child support, will that document hold up in court if she tries to take me in for child support?	Family Questions	Texas
Right to press charges against a threat on Facebook? Do I have a right to press charges against someone who has posted a death threat on Facebook towards me and my son?	Criminal Questions	California
Can friend get out of contract after signing for car purchase? My friend signed the contract to buy a Jeep Wrangler 2010 yesterday at a local dealership yesterday. He didn't drive the car home yesterday. We went back there today and tried to get out of the contract. The general manager says he can't get out of the contract. Is this true in the State of WA?	Contract Questions	Washington
Signing "Separation Agreement & Mutual Release" with at-will employer. If I an at-will employer lets me go, why would they have me sign a "Separation Agreement & Mutual Release" contract that is 6 pgs long? In exchange for my signature, they give me 3 months of pay & in return, I agree not to bring forth any legal actions & agree not to disclose anything about them.	Employment Questions	Michigan
Is Spousal support based on income? i was paying an amount of Spousal Support based on my then current income. In January of this year, I lost my job and was collecting unemployment benefits. I took my ex-wife to court in May to stop & modify the existing court order. I was requesting to end the support and for her to pay me support (based on income of course). Well the judge stated that we are going to have a short trial in August and that I may owe her for the month of June or half of June and prorate several months that I did not pay her(which include the months of April and May) couldn't pay these months because i lost my job. My question, I thought SPOUSAL SUPPORT was based on income? If this is the case, why do I have to pay her when she earns more money than me?	Family Questions	California
Can mother change child's name without father's consent? Can a mother change a name of a child without permission from the child's father?I has son last November and his mother and I split up in April I haven't seen my son since then. She has just simply refused him from me because I left her. She has kept him from me for seven months and has changed his name from what we named him at birth. is that legal to change my sons name without my permission and what can I do about her keeping him from me? i am a veteran and never been accused of any crime or shown any reason to be keep from my son.	Administrative Law Questions	Idaho
employment law Is it legal in California for an employer to ask that you fill out an anonymous survey where it is listed that your employment will not be affected and answers are confidential and then ask you why you answered in the way you did to specific questions?	Employment Questions	California
How to file DBA to do business under different name from incorporated one? How do you file a DBA (doing business as) filing if you want to do business under a different name (a .com) rather than your incorporated name?	Business Internet Questions,Corporate Questions	California
How can mother obtain POA for father with dementia? My dad's in a nursing home suffering from dementia. My mother needs power of attorney. How do we go about obtaining?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How to get father's property if still in his name? My father passed away in 1997 and he has a house and land still is in his name, in which my grandfather is staying in. What would I need to do to get this property?	Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Is there a way to set up a vesting schedule to award significant portion of the equity to the founders that are actually doing work on building the start up?  In an operating agreement for a start up, is there a way to set up a vesting schedule or similar mechanism to award significant portion of the equity to the founders that are actually doing work on building the start up?  We have a situation in which some founders may end up being passive investors (which is not the intention) and we want to guard against them receiving all of the equity they buy into in the event they don't show up for work.	Corporate Questions	Colorado
Can my neighbor cut back a tree that is planted on my property but overhangs the property line onto their property when doing so would damage and disfigure the tree? Can my neighbor cut back a tree that is planted on my property but overhangs the property line onto their property when doing so would damage and disfigure the tree?	Real Estate Questions	California
How can I make the father of my child not  pay child support? How can I make the father of my child not  pay child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	West Virginia
Can child's mother say ex parte court date over phone without first serving papers? Hello, I just received a call from my son's mother today telling me that I have an ex parte court date on Fri., Jan. 6th. Can she get away with just telling me over the phone or does she have to serve me paperwork first?	Family Questions	California
If I got married & I want to withdraw my petition, would it be appropriate to file a divorce or annulment? I got married recently & I want to withdraw my petition, what would be appropriate to do to file a divorce or annulment?	Immigration Questions	California
How can we get a divorce without involving a lawyer? My wife and I would like to get a divorce, we are in Illinois, and the divorce would be no fault and we have already agreed on separating everything, with no conflicts.How can we get a divorce without involving a lawyer?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
I'm going through a separation. Should I be concerned that my ex is filing for shared custody of our 4 children?	Administrative Law Questions	Pennsylvania
I'm a single and disabled and I'm on hud Housing in Kansas. I've been for 9 yrs going on ten in April 1 2012. My son got a felony charge at 16 and I want to know if I can lose my hud? Sincerely, Brenda. Thank you!	Administrative Law Questions	Kansas
Cannot contact son's mother after she filed false protective order. The mother of my son filed a false Protective order on me & had no contact for days.  In it she also clearly stated that my son has marks on his face that are unexplained and appeared while in my care.  I have multiple witnesses who can testify the exact opposite. Since then no contact. HELP?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions	Virginia
How do I cancel this my gym membership and am I legally bound to this membership?   I am trying to cancel a 12-month membership to anytime fitness.  The gym rep is telling me I can not cancel because it is a 12-month membership.  She is also telling me she does not have the authority to cancel it and will have to contact the owner.  How do I cancel this?  Am I legally bound to this membership?  What about doing the right thing by people?	Consumer Questions	New York
Can the collection agency legally threaten me with prison for unpaid bills? I was contacted by a collection agency about some past medical bills, the woman told me that if I didn't resolve the bill-pay the bill or make payment arrangements- within the next 48 hours, that their legal department would get a hold of me and they(the legal department) would get a hold of local authorities to arrest me and send me to debtors prison.  Can they legally threaten me with prison for unpaid bills?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
What is the statue of limitations of a financial crime?  What is the statue of limitations of a financial crime? The victim refused to press charges but the siblings are threatening to do so now that the victim has passed away.	Criminal Questions	California
Is a signed contract by both parties valid thru email? Is a signed contract by both parties valid thru email?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What kind of rights are allowed for grandparents? What kind of rights are allowed for grandparents?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can boss fire me for not having same religious beliefs? My boss told me he was going to get me fired because I insulted him by not having the same religious beliefs as he does. Is that legal? can he get in trouble for that?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Can drug/alcohol counselor testify against client? If a drug/alcohol counselor is told during a session by a client that they have committed a crime, would the counselor have to testify against him during a trial?	California Questions,Chemicals/Materials Questions,Criminal Questions	California
Reopening Order Regarding Custody, Support, and Parenting Time. I live in Michigan and have a Order Regarding Custody, Support and Parenting Time in place with Friend of the Court. I would like to have it reopened for evaluation but am concerned that by reopening it, it would allow my ex opportunity to reopen other Settlement Agreements of the divorce?	Family Questions	Michigan
Late mother and I purchased investment properties together. My Mother passed away.  Her and I had purchased investment properties together and had titled them in our names only with right of survivorship.  Do these properties have to go through probate and do my siblings have any right to these properties?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Nevada
What are my rights and can I tell them no they can not show my apartment during those times any longer? I am moving out of my apartment in 30 days and my landlord wants to show my apartment. He has been giving me the standard "24 hour notice" before he comes but it is becoming quite overwhelming. He is coming often and only at times when I am at work and cannot be there. I am very uncomfortable having so much traffic in and out of my home when I am not there. What are my rights? Can I tell them no they can not show my apartment during those times any longer?	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
My husband and I are separated but keeps picking up the kids without telling me. What can I do? My husband and I are separated and he keeps picking up the kids from the babysitter without making arrangements and will not communicate with me about it. He won't tell me he has them.  What can I do?	Family Questions	California
With the deferred action "act" do I still qualify if I was deported when I was around 8? With the deferred action "act" do I still qualify if I was deported when I was around 8? I am currently 21.	Immigration Questions	California
Is mandatory disclosure necessary in uncontested dissolution of marriage if ready to sign everything? Is mandatory disclosure necessary in uncontested dissolution of marriage if spruce is ready to sign everything?	Family Questions	Florida
If I have been fired does my boss have the right to hold my check? If I have been fired does my boss have the right to hold my check?	Employment Questions	Florida
If there is will and testament does family go through probate court? If there is a will and testament do family members need to go through probate court?  Even if they lived in another state?  Can the two top executors sign off to a third if they are not interested in taking on the task?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
How to copyright idea? What do I need to do to copyright an idea?	Copyright Questions	Virginia
What ways are there for me to get a divorce if I can't find him to serve my ex the papers? I live in California and was married in Las Vegas, NV about a year and a half ago. I filed for divorce  in September and since my spouse lives in another state I had a friend fill out the proof of service papers and mailed him his copy of the divorce papers to fill out and a copy of the ones I filed to his last known address. The papers were returned because they went unclaimed. At this point I do not know what town he is in as he moves around a lot. What ways are there for me to get a divorce if I can't find him to serve him the papers?	Family Questions	California
Question regarding a national grid bill in my name? I let some one put a national grid bill in my name  on a veritable agreement that it would be kept up on and it got up to $2.600. It is for an address I did not live at. What can I do?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Can an employer dock pay to cover costs of mistakes in the workplace? Can an employer dock pay to cover costs of mistakes in the workplace?	Employment Questions	New York
My ex-husband & I share custody of our 13 yo child in LA. He is never left alone when he is with me.  Within the past month, I have learned that he has left our child at home alone while he is at a bar- twice.  Is it ok to leave a 13 year old home alone late at night while the parent goes out?	Family Questions	Louisiana
What is the difference between a labor lawyer and an employment lawyer? I was told that there is a difference between a labor lawyer and an employment lawyer. If there is, what is the difference?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What forms are required for contempt for visitations and requesting an immediate hearing? My case is in Miami Dade county, Florida. I need to know what forms are required for contempt for visitations and requesting an immediate hearing?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How do I resolve the matter if my ex income from me? My soon to be ex spouse hid income from me and did not disclose such information. How do I approach this matter and making court aware and imputing income?	Family Questions	California
Is it best to sell the house before or after divorce? Is it best to sell the house before or after divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What are my legal rights as a beneficiary as listed in our father's will? 8 siblings inherited one house on three acres of land. We signed for one brother to be executor over the estate to have the will probated through the court. We had a verbal agreement that the beneficiaries living in the home would pay $250 into an escrow account monthly to cover any repairs, insurance, and taxes. My brother provided his personal account# for the money to be deposited, and claimed that it was an escrow acct. We have not made the agreed upon payments because he did not establish the escrow acct. he is now attempting to have the beneficiaries and residents living in the home pay $250/mo "rent" to him or move out of "his" home. What are my legal rights as a beneficiary as listed in our father's will?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What are the requirements for the Dream Act? What are the requirements for the Dream Act?	Immigration Questions	California
I'm in Massachusetts area. I'm trying to sue an out of state company. Since its out of state company, can I still file the case in small claims court in Massachusetts? If I lose, do I do need to pay their attorney's fees? Is email communication a valid proof since I don't have a contract with them?	Litigation Law Questions	Massachusetts
Can I legally have her children removed from her household if she is engaged to a convicted? Can I legally have her children removed from her household if she is engaged to be married to a convicted sex offender	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What documents do I need to complete to start an online business? What documents do I need to complete to start an online business?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Is it as simple as drafting the appropriate contract detailing the relationship between the individual (owner), the buyer, and our company?  Our company wants to connect crowd-sourced capital to infrastructure needs. We wanted to sell fractions of an physical infrastructure component to large groups of individuals, sell the products/services of the infrastructure component, and return the profits from selling the products/services to the individuals who own the fractions. We are not selling securities, rather fractional pieces of a physical system. The money the individuals would see comes from selling the products/services that their piece of the system produces. Do the SEC security rules regarding accredited investor apply? Is it as simple as drafting the appropriate contract detailing the relationship between the individual (owner), the buyer, and our company? Thank you	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
Can I be legally held accountable for rent if my name was listed as a tenant? My name was never listed as a tenant no rental agreement was signed. Can I be legally held accountable for rent?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can a US employer hire an asylum-seeker? Can an employer hire an alien who is in the US seeking asylum, while the alien's petition is pending?  If the alien's petition is denied, does that put the alien "out of status" and require the employer to terminate the relationship?	Employment Questions	California
Does the bank need to notify me as a spouse if they garnish my account? i live in California. My husband had a credit card in his name alone in which he defaulted on and it proceeded to a judgement.  They levied funds from our joint checking acct which we closed.  Do they need to notify me personally, as his spouse, if they are going to garnish my own personal checking account?	Consumer Questions	California
What circumstances does the court consider for emancipation? What circumstances does the court consider for emancipation?	Family Questions	Florida
Do I have a right to get a copy of what's in my personnel file from my job? Do I have a right to get a copy of what's in my personnel file from my job?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
If I do not agree to live at the rented house anymore how many days do I have to get out? The home I am renting now has been sold to another owner. I was not told until this morning that it was going through escrow. I was paying the previous owners rent every 15th day of the month and come the first of August the new owner wants it on the first. If I do not agree to live here anymore how many days do I have to get out?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
If my ex is behind on child support in Indiana, can I sign off what he owes and put a freeze on his child support? If my ex is behind on child support in Indiana, can I sign off what he owes and put a freeze on his child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Can I quit & get unemployment? I have worked FULL time at my company for 18 years at a major retail company making a hourly wage plus commission and paid sick, vacation, holidays and health and dental benefit and 401k and profit sharing with company matched plans, anyway our company now said I as well as all employees will be paid a hourly rate only, no commissions, with ALL other benefits taken away and everyone will work 30 hours or less a week. They are this starting this change ASAP without notice or without our say.  The only exception is we will keep our health benefits until the end of the year. What are my options?  What should I do or what can I do? Can I quit & get unemployment? I cant live on these major cuts?  Is this discrimination?	Employment Questions	California
If my husband dies without a will, am I eligible to get his SS benefits? If my husband dies without a will, am I eligible to get his SS benefits, annuity payments and pension from his job? He has 2 daughters who are over 18 yrs old. We are in CA. I wanted to know about the house he owned and we currently live there.	Family Questions	California
If i marry a person that has child support arrears in the state of Florida will my income be affected? If i marry a person that has child support arrears in the state of Florida will my income be affected?	Family Questions	New York
Is there anything I can do if I got terminated by text? I was terminated by text message, nothing else. is this something an employer can do? I never went back in to office, was never told "u r terminated or ur fired." I only signed a paper that was for my last check nothing else.	Employment Questions	California
Question about working in the U.S. as a European citizen? I am a European citizen and I have an H-1 B visa with a company. I have been working on the side with few friends on an idea and we now want to take all the  necessary steps to make it a company (incorporation with co-founders and shareholders) without leaving our jobs at first.I am aware that I cannot work for the new company until it can show that it can support me, but is it possible to incorporate it at least? I am also aware that there should be non-competes from our companies to do so, but I am not sure even if the U.S Government allows it.We want to create a merchant account for the company and the only way is if the company is incorporated.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
What is the process if I want a divorce? I want to divorce. What is the process?	Family Questions	Connecticut
Can I make my dad pay for half of my college tuition? My mom and my dad are separated and have been for a while.  I stopped going to visit him a while ago & I hated it up there. I want to know if there is a way to get him to continue to pay for schooling as I go into college.  I would like him to pay for at least half.  He stopped paying child support for a brief period of time, though he did have the funds to continue to pay for it.  Is there any way I could get him to continue to pay for schooling?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Employment status if 10-99d yearly with no worker's comp or benefits? I am wondering if GA law recognizes myself and co-workers as employees, or contractors as my employer states. We are 10-99'd yearly. We have no workers comp or other benefits. How do I find out if this is right or not, since I was hurt on the job and had to pay my own bills?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can a regular person file a federal mandate against a state water board? Can a regular person file a federal mandate against a state water board?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can the police give me a citation for driving on a suspended license if I was not in my car and my keys were out of the ignition? My car had ran out of gas on the highway. However, my car was not on and my keys where out of the ignition and i was out of the car. The cop gave me a ticket for driving while suspended. Can a cop do that?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
If I dissolve my company am I responsible for that debt? I own an LLC with few assets in Missouri. My company is committed to a service that it doesn't need for the next 16 months totaling over $13,000. If I dissolve my company am I responsible for that debt? Can I start up another parent company and have a DBA with the same name of the company I just dissolved?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Missouri
If my OPT expires soon and my company applies for my H1B, am I still good? I am on my OPT right now. My OPT expires in July 2014. If my company applies for my H1B by April 2014, am I good? As my OPT visa will expire before October 2014, can I still keep working from July 2014 to October 2014 if my H1B visa is in process?Thanks.	Immigration Questions	Alabama
If I received residency through marriage, what do I need to apply for citizenship? I just got my permanent residency through marriage. What do I need to apply for citizenship? Will I need to provide more proof or evidence?	Immigration Questions	North Carolina
If I have assets in two countries, do I need a different will in each country? If I have assets in two countries, do I need a different will in each country?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
How should I deal with a car dealership that is charging me a higher interest rate? So I bought a car using a pre-approved check with the bank. The car dealership had me fill out a second contract in case "there were issues with the bank check". It claimed it was standard practice; it just needed a back up, and that cashing the bank check is no problem. Now it is not cashing in my bank check and are using its higher rate. IIs there anything I can do? It is falsely stating that there would be no problems with the bank check. It didn't turn in all the required paperwork to the bank. And the bank told me that the dealership said I was going with their rates which was completely false.  What should I do?	Commercial Questions,Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	California
What other options do i have for staying here legally? My husband withdrew his petition for residency right before we went for the interview. I am trying to reinstate my F1 visa. We have filed for a divorce.  What other options do i have for staying here legally?	Immigration Questions	Washington
Should I be going to arbitration first in an attorney fee dispute? The California lawyer that I hired claims I owe him more money that I agree to.  I would like to take him to the California Bar to discuss the fees and other issues, but he has served me with papers that takes me to California court.  Does he not have to first take me to arbitration?	Consumer Questions	California
What type of contract do I need to publish and profit from sale of crowd sourced content? What kind of contract do I need in order to crowdsource content (text and artwork) for a book which gives me permission to publish and profit from said book without having to distribute any revenue to the contributors? Obviously, I would get their permission before they submitted their content, but I want to make sure that if I do make money from this down the road, that I cannot be sued or anything.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Texas
Should I talk to my HR manager or an attorney regarding a defamatory statement made by boss? I have recently made a complaint to my Human Resources Dept of my company against my manager. As a result I have a meeting tomorrow with them. My complaint was that my boss told my coworkers that I had a STD; which is totally false. Even if true, it would be privileged and none of anyone's business. I had scabies and he told them it was a STD. Now people think I have a STD and I live in a small city and word travels fast. My reputation is damaged because of his false statement. He even went as far to tell a girl that I was talking to to get checked. As to assume we were sexually active, which we were not. My question is simple, should I talk it out with HR or seek an attorney?	Employment Questions,Personal Injury Questions	California
How can I sue a dealership for tearing up my car and refuses to fix it? How can I sue a dealership for tearing up my car and refuses to fix it?	Consumer Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
How long can a legal resident be out of the country?  How long can a legal resident be out of the country?	Immigration Questions	Texas
What can I do to have my mom stay here in the USA when she has previously overstayed her tourist visa? My mom came to USA with a tourist visa. They let her stay for a month. Last time, she stayed from may 2010 to Jan 2012.  My husband has a green card. I don't have any papers yet until he gets his citizenship. When my mom came, they said if she is going to stay longer than a month, my husband and I will have a problem. Can my husband loose his green card because my mom? I'm pregnant right now, have 2 children, and I really want my mom to stay and help me.  What should I do?	Immigration Questions	New York
If I get married, do I have to leave the country or there is a law that allow me to be here? If I get married, do I have to leave the country or there is a law that allow me to be here?	Immigration Questions	Florida
When you lease equipment and the equipment breaks down, who is responsible for the repairs?  When you lease equipment from a business owner and the equipment  breaks down, who is responsible for the repairs?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal to use a competitor's trademarked business name in Google Adwords as a keyword to trigger my ad?  Is it legal to use a competitor's trademarked business name in Google Adwords as a keyword to trigger my ad? The ad would not contain the trademarked words and would have my business name and describe my products which are the same as my competitors. Would they have a valid lawsuit against me? A few years ago I was sent a letter by a lawyer and asked not to use these keywords to trigger my ad. It scared me at the time and I stopped but now I'm not so sure I was doing anything wrong. I know Google's policies will allow me to do it in the Untied States but trying to figure out if the company would have a valid case against me if I continued to do it.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Michigan
What happens if my husband does not receive his padron after waiting 6 months? What happens if my husband does not receive his padron after waiting 6 months?	Criminal Questions	California
Can we send a cease and desist letter to a company printing shirts with our name on them? A company is Ohio is printing shirts with our name on them. We do not have our logo or name trademarked, but can we send a cease and desist letter asking them to stop?  We have been incorporated in Michigan since 1946. They are not using our logo, but the name is the same.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Michigan
Can I add tips I received from my work to my tax return in order to demonstrate that I have reached the minimum amount for support? I have a question regarding the affidavit for support. I am sponsoring my wife but I do not meet require income based on my W2. Working as a waiter, my employer did not declare the full amount of cash tips received. Can I add this money to my tax return in order to be able to demonstrate that I reach the minimum required?	Immigration Questions	Tennessee
Am I obligated to still help my husband fix his immigration papers if our marriage is not working out? I was with my boyfriend for 8 years and we got married. I was helping him fix his immigration papers, but our marriage didn't work out. Am I obligated to still help him out?	Immigration Questions	California
Can I file a lawsuit against my former employer to recover unused vacation time? I worked for a company in Bay Area, CA for several months. In July 2012, CEO fired me saying, we don't have money (which is false) and company board decided to let you go. He gave 1 month severance and 15 days salary for signing the release form. CEO did not pay 3 days salary of that month and vacation pay. When I asked for that, he said that it is deducted in your taxes because company reimbursed for your COBRA payment and you did not pay tax on that.Company violated a section of the employment agreement which states that company will pay for unused vacation within 15 days, but agreement does not specify any penalty for that, can I file lawsuit to recover that? If yes what will I get? As per section 203 of CA Labor Code, I can get the maximum 30 days?	Employment Questions	California
How should I handle a dispute with my car dealership with regards to the correct loan amount? I bought a car and it supposed to cost $9,500.00 the dealer told me that I need $1,500.00 down payment. When I signed the contract I noticed that the amount of the contract was for $10,200.00 I spoke to the dealer and I express my concern that the loan should had been for $8,000.00 since I paid them $1,500.00.  Ever since I bought the car, they don't want to give me my money back telling me that the $10,200.00 is for fees. I haven't got an stright answer from them.  For the last 2 years I'm been trying for them to give me my money back, but, with no luck. Also they want me to lie to the bank about what accessories are in the car in order to blow up the price. What should I do?	Consumer Questions	New York
What rights do I have if my ex-wife denies me from seeing my daughter who is 14? What rights do I have if my ex-wife denies me from seeing my daughter who is 14?	Family Questions	Alabama
How do I recover a dirt bike I gifted to my former ex-girlfriend that is in my name? I bought my now ex girlfriend a dirt bike for her birthday. It is in my name and it is still being financed. I am afraid that I might be held liable if someone gets hurt while in her possession. How can I go about getting it back? She will not return phone calls, texts or emails. I do not want to make a huge deal, but she is not willing to be an adult and work it out with me.	Consumer Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Tennessee
If my ex has a child, does it make any difference in child support? My ex husband now has a child, does that make any difference in the child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Is my house covered under the bankruptcy? I filed for Chapter 7 in 2010 and was discharged in June 2010.  I did not sign reaffirmation papers for the house.  I tried to get it modified, and the modification papers were signed in March 2012. I was told by the bank that those were temporary papers.  In August 2012, I was told that the modification papers received in March were final.  However, the 1st statement I received in August of 2012 had a completely different interest rate than the documents I had sign in March 2012, stopped payments.  I owe $100,000+, surrounded by empty homes, house next door has been on the market for 1 year for 15,000 and has not sold.  Am I covered under the bankruptcy on the house?  This is in the State of Michigan.	Bankruptcy Questions,Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How can I recover back rent from a former tenant? A former tenant that skipped on several month's rent in 2009, finally has a job.  Can I get the money he owes by going through his employer and attaching his wages?  If so, how?  If not, what else can I do?  I am in Georgia, Henry County is the rental residence and his place of business.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Do I need to apply for a new EIN if changing my company from LLC to an corporation? I have a single member LLC registered in NV. I have been filing tax of the LLC as schedule-C since it was incorporated. Due to business needs, I dissolved that company two weeks ago and registered a new corporation in Delaware with the same name (from XXX LLC to XXX Inc.). I am still the only shareholder of the new corporation at this time.  My previous LLC has a EIN. My question is: do I need to apply for a new EIN for the new company? On IRS website, they say no new EIN is needed if just business name or location is changed. But for my situation, my registered state has also changed.	Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	New Jersey
How do I go about buying a internet business/web assets plus some physical inventory? How do I go about buying a internet business/web assets plus some physical inventory? How do we use escrow services in an ALL online transaction? Who verifies that the seller did what he's supposed to do according to contact and so the funds can be released (assuming we're using E-escrow)?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
What recourse do I have against a shop owner who chipped my marble slabs while storing them at his shop? I bought two slabs of marble and had them delivered to a stone fabricator for cutting and installation. Due to circumstances outside either of our control, the marble ended up having to stay in his shop for much longer than first thought. While the marble was in the shop, it was chipped in several places from being moved around to accommodate other work going on. The shop owner told me this could happen (over the phone, not in writing) and there was nothing I could do about it. He offered to have the marble delivered to my apartment but I did not feel safe with that. Does the owner have liability with regard to keeping the stone safe while in his care, and if so, what can I do about it? Can I sue him? Not pay him? The sum is about $12k.	Consumer Questions	New York
Am I obligated to return items belonging to my son's ex-girlfriend who said she would claim those items? My son's girlfriend moved out of my house 8 months ago and has never come back for the stuff she left behind. About 5 months ago, I asked her to come get it and she said she and her dad would be here in a specific date and never showed up. Am I now obligated to return it?	Family Questions	Washington
Is there anything specific to the state of New York that I need to include in my lease? I'm leasing my property in New York. Is there anything specific to the state of New York that I need to include in my lease?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I press charges against my landlord for stealing my mail? My landlord who is trying to evict me takes my mail into her house from the mail box and keeps it from me. I do not receive my mail and it has been going on for a year now. Can I press charges?	Criminal Questions	New York
Is 6 month's pay in exchange for release of company liability in a separation agreement fair? Is 6 month's pay in exchange for release of company liability in a separation agreement fair?  I live in Illinois.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is there a way to make the sale of an inherited house happen? My sister and I inherited my mother's house when she died. My sister gave her half to her son who is supposed to buy out my half.  My sister is executor of the will. It has been a year and they aren't doing a thing about buying my half. Is there any way I can make this sale happen?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Wisconsin
Can I be fired for not signing a company policy after working for them for 4 years? Can I be fired for not signing a company policy after working for them for 4 years?	Employment Questions	Alabama
New public question from vadinho1717 I have a small commercial property in California. Due to very serious family health issues, some months I paid half of mortgage or nothing at all. Now the property is in foreclosure. Can I file for bankruptcy and save the property. I have never filed for bankruptcy . Which advantages may I obtain from filing for bankruptcy? My income is from renting the property and it is enough (now that situation with my family improved), to make payments on amount behind (the amount that foreclosure was filed for), and keep paying the usual monthly mortgage.	Real Estate Questions	California
New public question from klfdkn Is a jury allowed to hear expert testimony as to why the defendant likely confessed to a crime he did not commit after a pretrial determined it was voluntary? Should a relative who testifies that the defendant has been delusional for years be allowed to be cross examined? Does that violate the constitution?	Criminal Questions	New York
When I apply for my citizenship, will a 2 year from the US absence affect me? I have been a permanent resident since 1996, and all that time I have been outside the country for 2 years in a row, which was 2006-2008.  I have been in the US for 5 years since 2008 without leaving the country.  When I apply for my citizenship, will my 2 yr absence affect me?	Immigration Questions	California
Will my husband (who is married to a US citizen and has a US born son) be able to come back into to US if he overstayed his tourist visa? I would like to know if I can request some sort of visa for my husband to go the US with me as soon as possible? If so how, and how long is the estimated time?  I'm a US citizen, born and raised. I'm currently living in El Salvador with my husband for more than a year now. We met in the US and my husband returned to his country while I was pregnant more than 3 years ago because his tourist visa had expired for more than a year. We have a US born child together now, but not legally because he wasn't with me during the time of birth.  Since he stayed more time in the US with his tourist visa than he was allowed, will he ever be allowed back into the country even if he is married to a US citizen?	Immigration Questions	Indiana
What type of visa do I need to work in the US for multiple employers? What type of visa do I need to work in the US for multiple employers?	Immigration Questions	Alabama
In a divorce, is a wife entitled to a vehicle to take care of the children when the family vehicles are in the husband's name? I know of a NJ Resident that is going to be getting divorced.  All vehicles are in his name.  The house is in the wife's name.  She has the 5 children.  She is afraid he is going to come and take the vehicles as they are in his name yet she pays the car payments and Insurance.  Is she entitled to any vehicle to take care of the children?	Family Questions	New Jersey
Do I have an action to be compensated for a lie made by my former employer costing me unemployment benefits? I have written proof that my supervisor lied to our employer about an incident report which eventually cost me my job. This lie was in a letter that I received from OSHA, who received it from my former employer. It was in an incident report dated 6-18-12, written by my supervisor regarding unsafe acts by a rider that I wrote in December 2011. I have been denied unemployment benefits and have a case pending before the Circuit Court for unemployment compensation, but I believe I should be compensated for the lie that has been made public well beyond the amount I should receive for compensation for resigning with cause.  What should I do?	Employment Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Missouri
Can the FTB go after the remaining member of an inactive LLC and assess a lien on her personal property for a $250 penalty? We formed an LLC in 1999. No business was generated. Filed taxes for a few years with zero income and then everything stopped. The LLC was in a way inactive and forfeited for the past 10 years. Nothing was filed nor paid. All three partners moved away. Now the one member who registered for the LLC received past due notice from the FTB for $250 penalty. Her name appears underneath the LLC name on the notice. Can the FTB go after that member and assess a lien on her personal property for that penalty?	Tax Questions	California
How long does a couple have to wait after marriage to be able to apply for a green card if one of them is a citizen and the other is not? How long does a couple have to wait after marriage to be able to apply for a green card if one of them is a citizen and the other is not?	Immigration Questions	New York
Can I get a green card because I am the caretaker of my autistic child, who is a US citizen? I have a child (5 years old) with autism and he is US citizen. Can I get green card because I am his caretaker?	Immigration Questions	Arizona
What do I need to do to become a US citizen if I have been married to a US citizen who has a green card? What do I need to do to become a US citizen if I have been married to a US citizen who has a green card?	Immigration Questions	Iowa
How should I deal with immigration when my wife flies in from abroad to file immigration papers? I am a US citizen. I got married in Trinidad to my wife in Nov 2012. She has a B1/B2 visa. We traveled to the US in December after the wedding, then went back to Trinidad for Christmas. Should she tell immigration/customs when she flies in that she is coming to do the paperwork to get married to me? When she comes in, we were just going to file form I485, I864, and I693. If she tells them that she is coming in to get married, they will they not accept it, since it is not a fiancee visa? Or should she just tell them that she is coming to visit, and that she is not coming to work?	Immigration Questions	South Carolina
If your HOA puts a lien on you home because you did not pay the dues, can they take your home? If your HOA puts a lien on you home because you did not pay the dues, can they take your home?	Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
How do I deal with a harassing payday loan company? I live in Illinois and went online looking at payday loans. A week later, I saw an email from "CWB Services LLC" stating their lender "Horizon Opportunities LLC" has approved me for a $200 loan and it had been deposited. It deposited to my account the day my auto insurance was set to withdrawal. Now it's months later and I've tried to give them the $200, but it just deducted a $60 refinance charge. So now I have to keep my account at $0. Now I'm getting calls from "unknown" and I have never answered. But, in the voicemails they never say the company name. But I believe is a process service type company. Because they stated in the voicemail they were trying to verify my work/home address to "give me documents" what should I do?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Can I go to traffic court on behalf of my boyfriend? My boyfriend got a ticket in my car for no insurance. He has court tommorow morning and he had to go out of town. His mother got in a wreck and they don't  know if he is going to make it. Can I go to court for him? I have a letter he wrote saying I can plead for him as well as give me his ticket and drivers license. It was my car he got the ticket in. He didn't know that I didn't have insurance at the time. He did have insuance for his own car but he was diving my car.	Criminal Questions	Kansas
Will a prior criminal conviction affect my TN visa application I am 26 years old and currently applying for a TN visa to work in the United States as a Canadian citizen. I have been living in the United States since I was 11 months old under a TD visa and F-1 visa. When I was 16 I was charged with a dui and theft under $50 dollars. Also, when I was 22 I was charged with possession of marijuana in Oregon, but it was not considered an arrestable offense--the law had recently been decriminalized and I was ordered to pay a $500 dollar fine. I have been on an f-1 visa since I was 19 and it seems that the dui and theft charge has not deterred this, but what about a TN visa? What about the infraction Oregon? I got a great job lined up in New York City, but am very nervous about this visa going through. Help!	Immigration Questions	California
If my F1 expired, can I still travel abroad? I have completed my undergrad degree in December '12 and about to get my OPT and EAD card? Although my F1 expired, can I still travel abroad? I still have my I20 and a valid passport in hand ? If I need a new F1 visa, what are the chances that F1 visa will get denied back home ?	Immigration Questions	Alabama
Is it legal for my trailer park manager to make me take my signs down or fine me if I don't? I live in a trailer park in North Carolina. I placed on my mobile home and on a tree on the lot I rent a no trespassing sign and beware of dog sign! The park manager wrote out a formal letter telling me I have to remove all signs from the property or I will face a 100 daily fine until I do so and they will also not except our lot rent until fines are paid in full! I have lived here almost 14 years signed 1 lease nothing being said in the lease that I wasn't aloud to place signs on my mobile home I own and this lease was with the previous park owners! My question is it legal for them to make me take my signs down or fine me if I don't?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Is there a way that I can get Georgia to release the hold on my driver's license? I am trying to get my driver's license in the state of North Carolina and the state of Georgia has a hold on my driver's licenses because of 3 drug charges. I don't live in Georgia and have no plans to return to Georgia. Is there a way that I can get Georgia to release the hold?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
If I am arrested for theft without being charged with anything and my employer holds my last check, can I get my check back? If I am arrested for theft without being charged with anything and my employer holds my last check, can I get my check back?	Employment Questions	Arizona
if I damage a person's vehicle on my property, are they required to get three estimates on repairs? In the state of Florida if I damage a person's vehicle on my property, are they required to get three estimates on repairs or can they take it to the first person they want?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Will I still get immigration under F2A if I am becoming 21 after 6 months? Will I still get immigration under F2A if I am becoming 21 after 6 months?My father who is green card holder, presently residing in NY,  filed my immigration under F2A during November 2011. My priority date is also November 2011. Visa Bulletin of January 2013 is showing cut-off date as September 22, 2010. My DOB is in June 1992. and there are only 6 months left for me to become over 21 years. I want to know whether I can get immigration under F2A or is there any way out to get my immigration?	Immigration Questions	New York
Can I patent a hairspray that is a combination of existing hairsprays? I have 'created' a hair product that combines existing products already on the market.  The existing products are individually marketed and sold for very different purposes than the combined product. Let's say Product A is a moisturizer, B is a 'holding' cream (e.g. a mousse), C repairs split ends. Mine is a combination of A, B and C.  Let's call it 'Dynamo D'.  Dynamo D doesn't moisturize, 'hold' or repair split ends, but due to the way I combine A, B and C it gives unbelievable curls. I plan to market it as a 'hair curler'.  Can I patent Dynamo D? Will I be sued by the manufacturers of A, B and C because I am using their off the shelf product to create Dynamo D?  Thanks.	Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions	Florida
Do you have any right to take legal action against a company who fails to return an item you bought from them online and return it for repair or replacement under warranty when it started malfunction one month after buying it? Do you have any right to take legal action against a company who fails to return an item you bought from them online and return it for repair or replacement under warranty when it started malfunction one month after buying it? The company stop communicating with me after it confirmed that it received the returned item.	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Is it legal to use pictures of businesses off their company websites? Is it legal to use pictures of businesses off their company websites?	Copyright Questions,Corporate Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Can I get a green card if I have been convicted of attempted arm robbery 10 years ago? Can I get a green card if I have been convicted of attempted arm robbery 10 years ago?	Immigration Questions	California
What should I do when my car has been repossessed and did not have an opportunity to refinance due to unemployment? I want to sue a car dealership for unfair sales. I purchased a 2012 Dodge Charger August 29, 2012. When I left in the new vehicle according to the dealership I was financed. 2 months later I was told that they needed to resubmit my paperwork because it never got sent to the Finance company. This is unacceptable. I am a contractor so my contract ended in Sept. 2012. I now collect unemployment but since they did not submit my paperwork. It told me now I cant get it financed because I'm unemployed. If it would have done their job the first time., we would not be in this situation because I can still afford the car with unemployment. 3 days before Christmas the dealership picked up my car and left me with no transportation. What should I do?	Consumer Questions	Oklahoma
Can a collection agency tell me he is a lawyer and that if I don't pay the full amount he will bring me to court? Can a collection agent tell me he is a lawyer an that if I don't pay the full amount within 5 days he will bring me to court? I was willing to make a monthly effort to pay this collection, but he said they don't do that an he wants the full amount now or else.	Consumer Questions	Connecticut
Can a diary be used to verify the wishes of the deceased? The deceased has no formal written will.  Can a diary be used to verify the wishes of the deceased?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Question about an officer persisting my documents from me? I was interviewed for my E-11. The officer wants additional documents from me like old copy of passport, and records from the court even though no records found. It's confusing cause it was not placed in the letter that this additional documents will be submitted and included in the list. Does the officer only want my application and is he going harder for me?	Immigration Questions	California
Can a immigrant return to US after being asked to leave more than 20 years ago? Back in 1988, my Dad was informed by immigration that he had 1 year to leave the country or that he was going to be deported.  He decided to leave on his own and never again has come back to USA. It has been more than 20 years. Is there a way to for my Dad to be allowed to come back in?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Can the officer ask me for documents over 14 years back from an interview? I went to my interview and the officer is asking me for documents over 14 years back. Can she do that?	Immigration Questions	New Jersey
How do we get back to the US legally if we have been living in Mexico for a while? I am a US citizen who is currently living in Mexico with my husband we have been together for 4 years but have only been married for 2 months we have a 4yr old son. We were living in the US but moved to Mexico about 3 yrs ago because my husband had trouble finding a steady job. He had some problems while living in the US for about 8 years like being arrested for having no drivers license but he never was deported. Also, he was currently on child support before coming to mexico. He now wish to go back to the US legally but we really don't know where to start or if he even has a chance for obtaining a green card since he triggered the 10 yr bar after coming to Mexico.  What should we do?	Immigration Questions	Kansas
Can my son's grandmother sue to get her money back after paying for his orthodontist bill? My son's grandmother paid for his orthodontist bill by check and now wants her money back. Can she sue them to get her money back?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Do I need to setup an authorization with both Florida and New York in order to conduct business in both of those states if I operate the business out of FL, but conducting business in NY? I am about to setup a Delaware LLC, but my business is going to be operated out of Florida, and will be conducting business in New York.  Do I need to setup an authorization with both Florida and New York in order to conduct business in both of those states?  If so, what do I need to register for in each of those states, and what requirements will I need?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
Can you legally aggregate news stories from publications around the world to create your own newspaper? Can you legally aggregate news stories from publications around the world to create your own newspaper? We will be giving away the newspaper for free as well as crediting and attributing all the original sources.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Can a person that acquired a visa through domestic violence be affected if someone reports him or her that they used someone else's name and social security to work previous to getting their visa?  Can a person that acquired a visa through domestic violence be affected if someone reports him or her that they used someone else's name and social security to work previous to getting their visa?	Immigration Questions	Minnesota
Do we need an agreement if the some of the original founders of a company wish to carry on the business? Six individuals legally formed a corporation in Florida and signed a non-disclosure agreement regarding any business ideas generated.  Each person contributed equally to the business formation expenses.  However, no business was conducted. Two of the original founders would like an agreement that allows them to carry on the business by themselves including the use of its name.  Do they need an agreement? Or, can they just pay the other founders for the expenses incurred in forming the business?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
If I owe a restitution am I able to move to another country? If I owe a restitution am I able to move to another country?	Criminal Questions	California
What happens to the new car I just bought if I need to file for bankruptcy? I need to file bankruptcy. But what will happen to the new car I bought? Because of my job, it requires me to have a good running car.	Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Questions	California
If one of two defendants files bankruptcy, does that stop lawsuit? There are two defendants in a lawsuit in court. If one defendant file bankruptcy does that stop the the lawsuit?	Bankruptcy Questions	Wisconsin
Question regarding My wife having me falsely arrested and got an order of protection? My wife had me falsely arrested and got an order of protection. As a result I lost 3 months pay. My character was defamed and I have suffered a great deal. We have 2 kids. Now I'm still going to court for a false charge missing days of work. She filed for uncontested divorce and I have to respond. If I agree to this divorce can I still sue for lost wages in a civil court without a lawyer?	Family Questions	New York
Can my ex-wife change my kid's last name without my consent? I wanted to know if my ex-wife could change my kid's last name without my consent?  Or have them enrolled in school under her maiden name? I'm legally divorced and my decree has ordered me to pay child support under my last name.  How can I find out if my kids name has been changed in the system with me living in a different state.  And can Maintenance be terminated if she has re-married in the state of Colorado?	Family Questions	Georgia
Do I have to continue to drive to work if I broke my foot and it is not safe to drive? I broke my foot at and the company doesn't want me to take time off. The company wants me to come in every day but I have trouble driving. Do I have to drive if it's not safe to do so?	Employment Questions	California
Is there any legal time limit on when the will should or would be read after my mother's death? My mom died and left a living trust, prepared by a paralegal. Is there any legal time limit on when the will or living trusts should or would be read after her death.	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
In the state of PA, can a power of attorney change an existing will if the person making the will out orginially has been non-responsive and incapacitated for many years?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If you do not have a will, how much taxes do you have to pay and how is your estate divided?
 If you do not have a will, how much taxes do you have to pay and how is your estate divided?      Thanks	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
Can I also claim gas or milage for each delivery trip as a pizza delivery driver? I am a pizza delivery driver for Domino's pizza. It pays me .95 cents for each delivery. Can I also claim gas or milage for each delivery trip?	Employment Questions	Florida
Are wills and powers of attorney that were written and signed in Pennsylvania legally binding in New Jersey?   Are wills and powers of attorney that were written and signed in Pennsylvania, legally binding in New Jersey?  My dad moved from PA to NJ and his docs were made up in PA.  Thanks.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
If I build something can I sell it without a patent? If I build something can I sell it without a patent?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Colorado
Are 911 calls copyright protected?  Can 911 calls be freely used on you tube or websites? None	Copyright Questions	Georgia
Is it legit if a company (regular company, not a contract or temp agency) hires you as an exempt salaried temporary employee without benefits or paid time off? Is it legit if a company (regular company, not a contract or temp agency) hires you as an exempt salaried temporary employee without benefits or paid time off?	Employment Questions	New York
What documentation do I need to show to immigration? I have a passport from my country of citizenship and a green card. Is it possible to show my passport with a visa for coming back to the US or do I have to show my green card? Will the immigration know that I am a resident if I only show my passport?	Immigration Questions	California
If I lost my citizenship papers, what does it cost to replace them? If I lost my citizenship papers, what does it cost to replace them?	Immigration Questions	Indiana
What are the options for a L-1A visa holder to take up another employment while living in the United States? What are the options for a L-1A visa holder to take up another employment while living in the United States?	Immigration Questions	Texas
Do we need sole custody of children to live in US legally? We are Canadians with green cards, our daughter passed away in Canada on Jan. 26, 2012. She was not married and had 2 children, 5 and 7 years old. The biological father is being charged with DUI over the legal limit causing death. He has agreed that the children should live with us here in MA. Do we need sole custody for the children to live here legally? He is wanting joint custody.	Family Questions,Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
Does the library have the right to charge me 600 dollars when it's my music? I copyrighted music material 10 yrs ago at the library of congress. I needed copies of 5 registered works because my music was recorded without my permission. I ask for the copies and they charged me 600 dollars. Do they have the right to charge me 600 dollars when its my music?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Are there legal issues of making models of objects? I'm a one-person company making iPhone games.  I'd like to use realistic models of things like guns, cars, etc.  I'd imagine that there's a number of legal issues pertaining to that.  I would be interested to hear a general overview about the major points.  Is it possible to use the shape of a gun without the company or logos?  Is it possible to use a car model has a similar shape, but different details like headlights, and accents?  Are there issues with making a 3D model of a public road?  A private track?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
If I bought a fitness workout video and put it on my website to have my members watch it, is that infringing on another's copyright? If I bought a fitness workout video and put it on my website to have my members watch it, is that infringing on another's copyright?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New Jersey
What can I do about an illegal sublease? I was illegally subleased office space in Overland Park, KS.  It was a verbal agreement, and I was told I could do whatever I wanted to: paint, put sinks in, etc.  The owner found out and wasn't very happy.  I moved out with out giving the owner of the space any problems.  I put a lot of money into this.  Is there anything I can do to the tenant that illegally subleased to me?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can my boss fire and evict me for having a relationship with my boss's daughter? I was fired because of my relationship with my boss's daughter. We were just friends. He is also now evicting me from my home which I rent from him within 48 hours. So I have to find a job and home with no money for me and my kids. Can he do this?	Employment Questions	Rhode Island
What are the guidelines of being legally emancipated? What are the guidelines of being legally emancipated?	Family Questions	California
What do I to expedite an insurance claim for damaged tools caused by my former employer? I'm an auto body technician and back in August of this year, I moved to a new company. With my toolbox and tools at the old employer, the manager sent a tow truck driver of the company to come get my tools. For some reason, the tow truck driver dropped my toolbox by accident and damaged it. The manager told me he filed a claim with the company insurance already. But after 4 months, I'm still waiting. And every time I asked him about it, he told me he's waiting for the insurance company. What do I do?	Employment Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Is there a single government or private entity to acquire re-seller's rights to a book? Is there a single government or private entity to acquire re-seller's rights to a book? My goal is to acquire re-seller's rights to as many text books as I can afford. Is there a fee cap on how much they can charge me? How can I track down who to talk to regarding the resale rights of a book?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Alabama
Does using former band member's artwork infringe copyright? A Former band member wants us to not use the name and artwork for the band. He created the name and artwork but we are still using the name and artwork. Are we right in doing so or are we liable for copyright infringement?	Trademark Questions	Michigan
Can I be a passive investor in a US company if I am not a US citizen? My friend has this idea for a internet business and I want to be a passive investor. I am currently in the US on a visa and hence cannot work for the company, but can be a passive investor. My friend is in India. Can we incorporate a LLC in the US, with me being the passive investor (passive member) and him the manager? It is highly likely that I will be investing and he will be just managing and running the company, and will draw a salary. He does not have a SSN. Will this work? As iIwill be a passive investor, i cannot do any work for the company (including signing anything). Can we still incorporate with him being abroad?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
What can I do to prevent repossession of my car when dealer says no money down and no monthly payment? I went to a car dealership, and they told me "no money down, no monthly payment for 45 days". They called me at work and told me that if I don't pay $2,000 or get a cosigner by the following day, they will repossess my vehicle. What can I do?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
What can I do when I am banned from playing an online game where I have invested real money? I've been playing an online game, where I've put real money in to the game. I have now been banned and cannot log in. The game administrators have told me I was cheating. According to the user guide it says what I was doing is not cheating. The administrators have stop responding to my emails. I've been doing this for about 3 weeks now, and the support emails they send are the same copy & paste reply's to what I am saying. Is there anything I can do?	Consumer Questions	Kentucky
Can I sue a county court if they have violated my constitutional rights? Can I sue a county court if they have violated my constitutional rights?	Personal Injury Questions	New Jersey
Are there red flags when a law firm identifies a typo in a will 4 years later? After about 4 yrs or so my lawyer called and said they had found a typo in my will and I should come in and resign the corrected will.  They are doing it for free but my question is why would it have taken this long to find it and why are they looking at it now - 4 yrs later.  Is this common or should I beware?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
What will happen if I drop my petition to get my husband a green card? I married my husband and file the petition for him to get a green card shortly after the marriage we went for the interview. While waiting for the result the marriage become shaky I started to move out few days after that immigration came by and visit him and didn't believe I live there, I wanted to drop my petition will I get in trouble for waiting after they visited. What will happen?	Family Questions,Immigration Questions	Nevada
Can I use the credit card of my deceased mother even though I paid the bill? I have a credit card that belonged to my mother, she is deceased now. I used it but paid the bill.  Is this ok?	Consumer Questions,Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
What is the procedure when a parent dies on the will in the state of GA? What is the procedure when a parent dies on the will in the state of GA?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How long can an estate go unsettled? How long can an estate go unsettled?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I have myself removed from a lawsuit where I have been added to a debt claim? How do I have myself removed from a lawsuit where I have been added to a debt claim?  Someone I knew, but was not in a relationship with, was in the hospital.  They asked for certain procedures done. That patient was billed later and I was named as a co-debter because they lived with me at the time.	Consumer Questions	California
If one spouse dies without a will, does the surviving spouse inherit all the assets? If one spouse dies without a will, does the surviving spouse inherit all the assets?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
In the event of death, how does the family get hold of bank account funds that a decedent has set aside for her funeral? In the event of death, how does the family get hold of bank account funds that a decedent has set aside for her funeral?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Would husband be able to bring over second family if I get a divorce and he was naturalized from said marriage? If my husband went behind my back and got a second wife and had two children, would he be able to bring his family here to the US from his country of Pakistan?If I divorce him, will he be able to bring them over here? He became a US citizen once we got married. I just want to know if getting a divorce is going to be a waste of time.	Family Questions,Immigration Questions	Maryland
Is it legal for my probation officer to discuss and share my case with a fellow probation officer? Is it legal for my probation officer to discuss and share my case with a fellow probation officer?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
How long does it take to get a bail reduction? How long does it take to get a bail reduction?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
how do i get a federal pd for a civil case? how do i get a federal pd for a civil case?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What are my options if I was hit by my father at the direction of my mother? My father hit me in the face at the direction of my mother while she and I were arguing. She does not know how to handle confrontation and began yelling. When I tried to explain my point, she called for my dad to come into the room. She said "Hit her, and let's kick her out". (They are 80 and 84 years old. I am 49 and live with them). I can give more details if you ask. We have not spoken a word to one another since. What are my legal options in the state of Colorado?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Colorado
How do two parties get a mutual restraining order removed? How do two parties get a mutual restraining order removed?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
Can designs drawn by another but never paid for be copyrighted? Person is now claiming that I was an "employee", rather than business partner. Designs I sketched from her general idea, but with more embellishments than she had originally thought, she is claiming as hers.  I was not paid for anything but the first product I did for her; not for anything else I did and other ideas I had developed from her original one.	Copyright Questions	Oklahoma
is it legal to make sure a company installed legal software on my computer? is it legal to make sure a company installed legal software on my computer?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Michigan
How can I stay in the US on an F1 visa if I fail my school's qualifying exam? I'm a candidate PhD student in IN since August 2011.  I have an F1 Visa. I would like to know how can I get an green card, in order to stay legally in US even if I fail my qualifying exams in the University (the exams are planned for this August). In case I fail, I must leave US within 60 days). My friend is more than 10 years in US and he has a green card. Are there any solutions (I have already consider the case to apply to other PhD programs and apply for a job)?	Immigration Questions	Indiana
Can applying for medicaid affect my citizenship application? I have a green card that say permanent resident.  I have 3 years on it.  Can I get apply for medicaid?  I have a high risk pregnancy and my social worker told me I'm qualified for the assistance. The social worker did not know anything about the immigration laws. We submitted the applications, and don't want to have problems with immigration.  Can this affect me when I apply for my citizenship in 5 years?	Immigration Questions	Nevada
How many months do I need to wait for my daughter to get her visa? How many months do I need to wait for my daughter to get her visa? She is only 17 years old. I filed it on Nov. 20, 2012. I am citizen.	Immigration Questions	Illinois
How can I make sure my wife get her green card when I get my green card? I am on H1B visa and my wife on H4, which are both valid till 27 Sept. 2014. I have 2 children both born in USA. Now if my sister and brother-in-law apply only for my immigration using military preference, I130 and I485, I would get green card immediately.As soon as I get the green card, what will be the status for my wife (she is in US currently living with me)? Can I apply for my wife after getting my green card while she lives with me in US?How can I apply for my wife making sure that she lives with me and get her green card in a year or so?	Immigration Questions	Texas
How do I apply for permanent residency while on a H1B visa? I'm working for a US company under a H1B visa. Currently, I'm in my first year of my second 3-yrs renewal, so I'm in my 4th year total. I'd like to apply for permanent residency (green card), but have the following questions:1- When can I start the process to get the permanent residency? After what year of holding such visa?2- Do I necessary need my employer to sponsor/start the process for me?3- Could I start the process my self? How and under what circumstances?4- How long does the process takes?	Immigration Questions	California
What should I do if I bought a car and just found out it had frame damage? When I bought my car, the dealership didn't tell me that the car had frame damage. I bought this car only 6 months ago and I am having major issues with it. I just want to be able to get a new car and hopefully get the money back that i wasted on this car.  What should I do?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can a landlord not allow me to sublet an apartment? Can a landlord not allow me to sublet an apartment?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
How do I get a passport for an adopted child if I am a naturalized citizen? I became a citizen by naturalization with my adopted child. How do I get a US passport for the child?	Immigration Questions	California
Will my home  become part of our community property if I move to FL? If I get married in the state of Florida and live there will my home that I currently own become part of our community property?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I be charged with Grand Theft Auto on own car if I cannot pay back title loan? In Texas, can I be charged with grand theft auto on my own car if i took a title loan out and wasn't able to pay it back? I paid half the loans back.	Consumer Questions,Criminal Questions	Texas
Can i sue a hotel for damages caused by bedbugs in the state of WI? Can i sue a hotel for damages caused by bedbugs in the state of WI?	Personal Injury Questions	Wisconsin
What form applied for fee waiver on tps extension application? What form applied for fee waiver on tps extension application?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Are payday loans illegal online and can they threaten you with fraud? Are payday loans illegal online and can they threaten you with fraud?	Consumer Questions	Arkansas
Illegal for the car dealership where i purchased my car from to sale my account to a collection agency? is it illegal for the car dealership where i purchased my car from to sale my account to a collection agency?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
I live in West Virginia and received a summons for failure to pay a debt. If my name is the only one on the summons, can they garnish my husband's wages if a judgement is entered against me?	Consumer Questions,Litigation Law Questions	West Virginia
We have a contract that rolls over every 3 years without notification. We were unaware of this until we tried to cancel the service. The contract was signed in 2001. We are told we have to wait until 2013 to cancel. How can we cancel?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
My vehicle was repossessed. The finance company stated my insurance cancelled but I changed insurance company. Is this legal?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Can I get out of a contract in Georgia during the first 72 hours?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
I take magazine subscription orders over the phone. When I send out the paperwork, how many days (by law) do I have to provide for cancellation of the order in the paperwork sent out? This would be specifically for the business in GA.	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Tax Questions	Georgia
Can someone run a credit report on me without my consent?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
How does Taiwanese pay the tax of salary at Indiana? How does Taiwanese pay the tax of salary at Indiana?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Can I take the dealership to court for breaking what they call a breech of contract? I bought a 2002 Chevy Tahoe on September 19,2012 and the dealership (classic Chevrolet) in Owasso Oklahoma told me that I couldn't take my car home that it had to be inspected. It took them 2 months to tell me that they found so many problems with the Tahoe and that they don't feel comfortable selling it to us and that they are going to refund all of our money back. But my question is this can I take them to court for breaking what they call a breech of contract? What about my Insurance money that I paid for 2 months for full coverage? And by the way my Tahoe was not a "as is" it came with a warranty from bumper to bumper. What can I do? I live in Oklahoma.	Consumer Questions	Oklahoma
Can a person receive child support from England? Can a person receive child support from England?	Family Questions	Florida
What principle should I follow if I open up a restaurant at new york city? What principle should I follow if I open up a restaurant at new york city?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
Can I give up my citizenship & move back to Sweden cause I don't think that I can complete my probation? I am a dual citizen US/Sweden. I have recently got out of prison in Florida and I am on 3 years probation. My question is, Can I give up my US citizenship and move back to Sweden because I don't think that I can successfully complete my probation here and I just want to move back to my home country?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Can I sue a telemarketer for calling my personal cellphone?  Can I sue a telemarketer for calling my personal cellphone?	Consumer Questions	New York
How do I file a civil law suit? How do I file a civil law suit?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If I'm doing work for someone and keep adding work under one fee, is the extra work included in price for verbal contract?  If I'm doing work for someone and keep adding work under one fee, is the extra work included in price for verbal contract? How binding is verbal contract in Georgia?	Employment Questions	Georgia
When a person is fired from a job does employer have to give them check in letter of separation immediately  In Georgia , when a person is fired from a job does the employer have to give them their check in a letter of separation immediately? Also, does an employer (a home cleaning service) have to pay overtime wages to a part time employee working over 40 hours in 1 week?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Question regarding creating a website specialized on customized model papers? I want to create a website specialized on customized model papers for students that should be used as samples and sources of information for creating own academic writings. I assume that some students might attempt to submit such works to schools even so they are strictly for research purposes; how do I avoid/trace that? Can I actually create a service like this; is it legal in every state, what are the age limits? Who would own the rights for the created content? What is the best way to confirm the copyright between customers and writers? Are there any agreements that must be signed or I can just post this info in policy? What should I do if I find out that someone has submitted the provided sample work to school?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Question regarding franchisee agreement with protected territory under a different trademark? My franchisee agreement clearly states that the Franchisor shall not establish any other BUSINESS in the protected territory under a different trademark.  They are starting up a Bricks 4 BIZ (B4B) that will allow franchisee to do business as B4B with no territory restrictions.  The business would be the same models for classes and camps.  What should I do???	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Iowa
How to set up a llc?
 How to set up a llc?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New Jersey
How long does it take for credit scores to update after 2 major collections are deleted? How long does it take for credit scores to update after 2 major collections are deleted?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Can a collection agent take money from a checking account it you add a person that has debt? Can a collection agent take money from a checking account it you add a person that has debt?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
What to do if I bought new car & was told interest rate was low and then after signing saw that it was higher? What to do if I bought new car & was told interest rate was low and then after signing saw that it was higher?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
What kind of insurance is needed to protect the club from any liability due to the usage of equipments? A 32,000 sq ft badminton club in Fremont, CA, wants to buy and install weight training machines inside the club next to the badminton courts.  What kind of procedure/policy/insurance is needed to protect the club from any liability issue due to the usage of these equipments?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Can a police force contact a defendant without notifying the defendants lawyer first? Can a police force contact a defendant without notifying the defendants lawyer first?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
Question regarding dwis? i have been pulled over twice for dwis and both times they were written for 1 offense. Does this mean the same as 2nd or subsequent offense?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Can I postpone probation revacation to hire a lawyer? can I postpone probation revacation to hire a lawyer?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
If I cash the check in January, can my employer still count the severance payment as a 2012 expense? I am negotiating an executive severance package in California. My employer wants to pay me a lump sum on December 31, 2012 (my last day of employment). If I cash the check in January (so that the lump sum does not add to my 2012 income) can my employer still count the severance payment as a 2012 expense? Also, is there a tax disadvantage for me to taking a lump sum rather than regular payments throughout the year?	Employment Questions	California
If the larger business rent from files bankruptcy does that void my rental agreement?   I own a small business that rents a area inside a larger company.  If the larger business rent from files bankruptcy does that void my rental agreement?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Arizona
Can original conditions of contract be changed without notification?  I co-signed on a personal loan for my son and his wife. The condition was that the payment would be automatically taken from their checking account every month. The loan officer was a friend of theirs and when they asked her to stop taking from account she did and now the company is coming after me for the payments as they have stopped payments. My question is, can they legally change the original conditions of the contract without any notification to me as they still have a checking account and am I liable?	Finance Questions	South Carolina
Any way to break a lease? I have to return to my country due to family emergency. My father is dying and I must take care of him. I still have a lease and my landlord wont let me break it. Is there a way out of this lease due to family emergency?	Leasing Questions	Florida
How can I help my sister from Guatemala become a U.S. resident when I'm a citizen myself? I'm a U.S. citizen and I turned 21 last month. I have a sister in Guatemala and I wanted to know how I can help her become a U.S Resident?	Immigration Questions	California
Can a hospital turn me over to a collection agency or charge me interest if l make monthly payments? Can a hospital turn me over to a collection agency or charge me interest if l make monthly payments to them?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
What if my borrower won't sign a promissory note? What if my borrower won't sign a promissory note?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
What are the elements of a contract, both written and implied? What are the elements of a contract, both written and implied?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
How long after turning in a leased car can the leasing company legally tell you that there was damage? In Pennsylvania...Can you tell me how long after turning in a leased car can the leasing company legally tell you that there was damage to the car and you have to pay for it? Like is there a 30 day time period by law that they have to contact you by?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding a scam on trading cars? i traded a very good car (92 jag) for what i thought was another good car (91 Nissan). He wrote on the bill of sale as is. When we left the car was shaking and feels like its falling apart. i want to trade back but the guy said there's no way I'm getting my car back and said hes wiling to go to court whenever. i have a feeling he has done this before and knows what hes doing. is it worth going to court or will he probably win?	Wills and Trusts Questions	South Carolina
/questions/ccfe9fbaf9/hoe-to-legally-structure-a-new-social-business-ent/

Legal to own a performing business and put a benefit concert without a permit? I own a performing business, and this year we want to put on a benefit concert to raise money for a local charity.  Is this legal to do without a permit in Missouri, or will we need to take further action to make sure we aren't penalized?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Missouri
How will a misdemeanor affect my immigration status? Hi Neeta,I am from India and got arrested for Battery ( misdemenaur)  in IL. Now I plead guilty to 9 months of court supervision. After 9 months of watch period, case will be dismissed. I would like to how will it impact on immigration status? Please answer to my question.	Immigration Questions	Illinois
Question about applying for my wife's papers? I applied for my wife's papers. I'm a U.S. citizen and she had her appointment. To be at the us embassy in Honduras on January 6th 2010, at the embassy they told her she needed to apply for the waiver to come back to the us , I made the mistake to do it all myself and a failed, so now its been 2 and a half years since my wife its been in Honduras and I was told I need to re apply for the waiver or appeal it , I hire a lawyer in September 2011 and she send the waiver package to California. I called the us embassy last week and they told me that the lawyer make a mistake by sending the new waiver package to California. They told me at the us embassy that she was supposed to send it to the us embassy in Honduras. She sent it to California.	Immigration Questions	Washington
Certain amount of time that can pass for residence papers to get revoked? A friend of mine in Mexico got her residence papers 2 years ago, but she still hasn't come into the country. I was wondering if there was a certain amount of time that can pass without her coming without her getting them revoked? I've heard that after 3 years of having them and not being used they can be taken away. Is it true? If so how many years can pass before they take them from her?	Immigration Questions	California
I adopted two kids and I am a citizen, are they going to become legalized in United States? I adopted two kids and I am a citizen, are they going to become legalized in United States?	Immigration Questions	Maryland
If I am a citizen and live overseas, how much does a social security number cost? I am a citizen and live overseas but don't have a social security number.  Does it cost any more to get one and do I need one to vote?	Immigration Questions	Wisconsin
Can I sue the manager for telling my personal life to another employee? Can I sue the manager for telling my personal life to another employee?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
When being served papers, do the papers have to be handed directly to the defendant named in the papers? When being served papers for a criminal legal case, do the papers have to be handed directly to the defendant named in the papers?	Criminal Questions	South Dakota
Is a landlord able to raise my rent if my lease expired and they have accepted 3 months or rent in advance? Is a landlord able to raise my rent if my lease expired and they have accepted 3 months or rent in advance?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Will I lose all rights to the property if mortgage company wants to remove my name from deed? My husband and I are trying to refinance our house (both names on the deed) and the mortgage company is saying they want to remove my name from the deed.  Will I lose all rights to the property?  If so, what type of document would need to be completed in order to ensure my rights?  Shellie located in Michigan	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How can I get money after an accident? How can I get money after an accident?	Personal Injury Questions	Indiana
How many times can you be out of the state as Green Card holder? Hi, I was wondering how many times you can be out of the state as Green Card holder? If I went out 3 times total of over 6month would that be a problem? (like each time 2month)	Immigration Questions	California
how do i start an LLC? how do i start an LLC?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
What to do if I bought a Chrysler that I had to return cause I got out the army & couldn't make payment? I bought a Chrysler 300 that I had to return because I got out the army and couldn't make the payment. On my way there the engine broke. He took the car back and gave me a letter saying he was going to fix it and sell it. I owed him the car was around $11,000. I put $6,000 down and owed him 3,500 when he took the car back. It,s been more than 8 months and he said that he haven,t touched the car to fix it or sell it so that if I could pay the rest and take the broken car. I have simple letter written by him that states that he was going to fix the car, sell it, take what I owed him and the repair fee, and I was going to get the rest. It's been 9months that I'm waiting for this money. 7192878774 Juan David Lopez	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Can i take my plea back if i haven't been sentenced yet on my drug case? Can i take my plea back if i haven't been sentenced yet on my drug case?	Criminal Questions	California
Question regarding my mom's visiting visa as she has 10 year multiple entry visa? Dear Sir,My name is Rani. I am a US citizen.I have a question regarding my mom's visiting visa. she has 10 year multiple entry visa.She was with us for 6 months visiting visa during that time we filed immigration visa ( green card) for her.she overstayed for 14 days after the filing of green card and then she left US to India.Now her green card is in process.My question is whether her visiting visa is still valid?or became void because of her 14 day overstay..but that overstay was done after filing the green card..Thank you	Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
Lawyer that will assist me in a claim against KFC and JRN Inc? I'm trying to find a lawyer that will assist me in a claim against KFC and JRN Inc.. I was a food service director for 6 years and I was fired for a lie that has only one witness how was a member of the team that said I was a manager against company policy. I have people that are willing to tell that the company was out to get rid of me for a cheaper more softer replacement.Thanks Dexter	Employment Questions	Virginia
Can the government take the money away from my son who is legally blind after I pass away? My son is 27. He collects ssi for being legally blind. If I leave him money when i pass away can the gov. take it?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can an online loan company take me to court and sue me? Can an online loan company take me to court and sue me?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
Can a company sue you while you are part of a class action suit? Can a company sue you while you are part of a class action suit?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the statue of limitation on uninsured credit card debt in Florida? What is the statue of limitation on uninsured credit card debt in Florida?	Consumer Questions	Florida
On credit card debt what statute of limitations do you use when your card issuer is in a different state? on credit card debt what statute of limitations do you use when your card issuer is in a different state?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Does the Statute of limitations on credit cards begin with last purchase or last payment date? Does the Statute of limitations on credit cards begin with last purchase or last payment date?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
If I hire an assistant sometimes as a photographer, merely as a sub contractor, do I need a license? I am a professional photographer who has thus far done weddings of friends and been an assistant to a few other photographers.  I would like to have a website to generate more of my own clients and was thinking of using weebly or a website that offers free webpages like they do.  I wanted to know if I need a business license to do that?  Also, if I hire an assistant sometimes, merely as a sub contractor, do I need a license?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Pennsylvania
I was renting a room and there was a fire that started in laundry room in middle of night. Now I am homeless without any of my things my wallet and phone; everything burnt up. What can I do?	Insurance Questions,Leasing Questions	California
How do you remove a paid tax lien from your credit file?
 How do you remove a paid tax lien from your credit file?	Tax Questions	New Mexico
Do I give the money back if hospital deposited an over payment into my account by mistake & want it back? A hospital deposited an over payment into my account by mistake and now they want it back. Do I have to give it back?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
What forms to file in Superior court against a "Quiet title," when petitioner committed real estate fraud? What forms to file in Superior court against a "Quiet title," when petitioner has committed real estate fraud?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What permissions do I need to use part of a book's title and artwork for a restaurant name/theme? What permissions do I need to use part of a book's title and artwork for a restaurant name/theme?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
Do I have to sign the lien release? On 10/16/12 I took out a loan with a Finance company. This loan was going to be a secured- creating a 2nd lien on my car. On 10/16/12, I received the funds. About 2 weeks later, I received a letter from the company asking me to sign the DMV notice so they can record the 2nd lien. The representative with the  Finance company failed to have me sign this on 10/16/12.My question to you is, do I have to sign this lien release? I do not want to sign DMV lien release because a few days after I received the funds, I noticed that this company reported a negative mark on my credit report in which they refuse to remove. The negative mark was a company error and not my fault. I called the company today and the associate was very rude	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
How to get arrest record expunged? How to get arrest record expunged? No charges were filed against me case was over 4 years ago.	Criminal Questions	Missouri
Do I have to notify the friend of the court of my remarriage and new pregnancy? Do I have to notify the friend of the court of my remarriage and new pregnancy?	Family Questions	Michigan
As social networking platforms are global, which laws regulates the copyright protection then?  I am starting my work on my bachelor thesis on copyright protection in social media platforms. I would really appreciate suggestions and tips.  Maybe suggestions for great recent researches, articles, books, laws, diploma thesis, court cases and etc. where I could find answers on questions like: As social networking platforms like Facebook and Pinterest are global, which laws regulates the copyright protection then? How in the reality authors can protect their copyrights when they are violated. What is the responsibility for the copyright offenders? Does anyone who clicks like, share, pin, retweet violate the copyrights if the author's work is protected? Is there real court cases in USA and Europe? What is the practice?Thanks!	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
/questions/4f0820c706/legal-recourse-for-me-since-i-believe-them-continu/

how to get Eb2 GC? how to get Eb2 GC?	Immigration Questions	Illinois
If I'm filling out the deferred act app myself, is immigration direct a trusted website? If I'm trying to fill out the deferred act app myself, is immigration direct a trusted website where I can do so?	Immigration Questions	Minnesota
should a personal appraiser use the term "etc" in pricing a group of personal items? Would or should a personal appraiser use the term "etc" in pricing a group of personal items from inside my parents home? Example- 4 pictures accent table,telephone,wedge wood pottery...  And is it ok to group many items and put a price on group?  Thank you	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If I die will my wife of 3 years be entitled to everything?  If I die will my wife of 3 years be entitled to everything?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Can I sue my ex employer if they fired me and don't wanna pay me the days I've worked? Can I sue my ex employer if they fired me and don't wanna pay me the days I've worked?	Employment Questions	New York
can i sue a hotel if i am assaulted on the property? can i sue a hotel if i am assaulted on the property?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Is there a law against terminating an employee who is under doctor's care? Is there a law against terminating an employee who is under doctor's care?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Can I represent myself in bankruptcy court? I own company, not corporation, used car dealer, licensed to finance vehicles. Been representing myself ''in proper person" for 20 years in city, county, & US Bankruptcy Court. Am I still allowed to do so in U.S. bankruptcy court? I filed my objections to bk plans, etc.	Bankruptcy Questions	Louisiana
Is it possible to have to separate lawyers working on a personal injury case? Is it possible to have to separate lawyers working on a personal injury case?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Can a company charge me shipping and handling without me ever giving them my credit card? Can a company charge me shipping and handling without me ever giving them my credit card?	Consumer Questions	California
Can my mother get my child after i lose my fights to the state? Can my mother get my child after i lose my fights to the state?	Family Questions	Michigan
If a nurse gave my son the wrong meds do I have a lawsuit? If a nurse gave my son the wrong meds do I have a lawsuit?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
What to do if I was terminated from My job for no reason? What to do if I was terminated from My job for no reason?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
What to do if my ex wife will not let me see or talk to my children? What to do if my ex wife will not let me see or talk to my children and the friend of court won't do anything?	Family Questions	Michigan
If my husband and I sold a house and want to give to my daughter through me, what about taxes? My husband and I sold a house yesterday. He lived there last 30 years alone.  Want to give to my daughter thru me when I die.  What about taxes?	Tax Questions	Pennsylvania
If my husband is in a jail does he have any rights if I have been a victim of crime? If my husband is in a jail does he have any rights if I have been a victim of crime?	Criminal Questions	California
Do I need a lawyer to correct my minute order or can a sergeant in prison fix it? Do I need a lawyer to correct my minute order or can a sergeant in prison fix it?	Criminal Questions	California
Is there a statue of limitations on a felony warrant on forgery from the year of 2006 in ND? Is there a statue of limitations on a felony warrant on forgery from the year of 2006 in the state of North Dakota?	Criminal Questions	California
Can you withdraw a plea after sentencing? Can you withdraw a plea after sentencing?	Criminal Questions	California
How to get my criminal record expunged so I can get a job? Hello Im trying to get my criminal record expunged so I can get a job.	Criminal Questions	California
If walmart fines me for shoplifting, although they never had me sign, do i still have to pay? If walmart fines me for shoplifting, although they never had me sign anything for acknowledging i shoplifted, do i still have to pay?	Criminal Questions	California
On a court docket, what does "arraign refusal" mean? On a court docket, what does "arraign refusal" mean? I notice all others have just "'arraignment" or something similar. The defendant has never refused anything from the court.This is the person in question's first court appearance. He was charged with assault with no physical evidence other than "he said/she said" testimony.	Criminal Questions	California
What is lawful when it comes to a DEA providing the discovery of the incident to all attorneys?
 What is lawful when it comes to a DEA providing the discovery of the incident to all attorneys and other important peoples?	Criminal Questions	California
Can points from cases older than ten years be used on current conviction sentencing? Can points from cases older than ten years be used on current conviction sentencing?	Criminal Questions	California
What is the time frame to be charged for misdemeanor hit and run? What is the time frame to be charged for misdemeanor hit and run (non injury), DUI, concealed weapon, loaded weapon (because of proximity of the clip)??	Criminal Questions	California
Can a prosecutor still ask for protective custody after pre-trial even though defendant was? Can a prosecutor still ask for protective custody after pre-trial even though the defendant was OR by the commissioner after arraignment?  (California)	Criminal Questions	California
If I got a ride from someone & we got pulled over, what could happen? If I got a ride from someone and we got pulled over and a year later they say it was a weapon in the car what could happen?	Criminal Questions	Connecticut
Who owns ashes? Who owns ashes?	Family Questions	Connecticut
Can I get sued if i hyphenate my child's last name?
 Can I get sued if i hyphenate my child's last name?	Family Questions	Connecticut
Can an employer terminate a contract with an employee without cause, reason, or explanation? Can an employer terminate a contract with an employee without cause, reason, or explanation?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Can you sue if a bartender that is not on duty verbally abuses you & throws you out of a bar?  can you sue if a bartender that is not on duty verbally abuses you & throws you out of a bar?	Personal Injury Questions	Nevada
What is the legal code called in Virginia that allows my Mom to gift me her property?
 What is the legal code called in Virginia that allows my Mom to gift me her property?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Can I sue someone that gave a bad job reference to a prospective employer? Can I sue someone that gave a bad job reference to a prospective employer?	Employment Questions	Florida
If a person bent down to pick up an object close to you and your dog bite the person can they sue you? If a person bent down to pick up an object close to you and your dog bite the person can they sue you?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
What are laws of current employee slandering you for a new job?
 What are laws of current employee slandering you for a new job?	Employment Questions	Idaho
Can my stepfather legally restrict me access to a house he owns where my mother lives with him? Can my stepfather legally restrict me (son and over 18) access to a house he owns where my mother lives with him? She wants me to have access and wants to see me. The house is in California and it is the primary residence.	Family Questions	California
Can i get emancipated at 16? can i get emancipated at 16?	Family Questions	Michigan
is a contract legal without the company's signature and the work been done? is a contract legal without the company's signature and the work been done?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Carolina
Legal if my employer requires their employees to live in the county they are located? My employer requires their employees to live in the county they are located. This is a Health Care facility. Is this lgel?	Employment Questions	Florida
If I get out of the military in 30 days, can i get my child support lowered since i will no longer have a job? If I get out of the military in less than 30 days, can i get my child support lowered since i will no longer have a job?	Family Questions	Florida
can you stop child support when mother moves kids to another state? can you stop child support when mother moves kids to another state?	Family Questions	New York
What is the procedure of obtaining a motion of discovery in North Carolina? What is the procedure of obtaining a motion of discovery in North Carolina?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
If I have received a judicial bypass from the judge, do i have to pay for my abortion since i got my bypass? I have received a judicial bypass from the judge.  Do i have to pay for my abortion since i got my bypass?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Can a high school teacher get sued by making insult statements to a student in front of everyone? Can a high school teacher get sued by making insult statements to a student in front of everyone?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can a husband give his wife a gift of money that can be tax free?
 Can a husband give his wife a gift of money that can be tax free?	Tax Questions	New York
Do I have to stop receiving child support because I have a child? Do I have to stop receiving child support because I have a child?	Family Questions	New York
What should we do if my pregnant girlfriend is 17 and  we haven't don't get married yet? My girlfriend is 17 and she is pregnant we don't get married yet what should we do now?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Criminal or civil matter if a liquor store overpaid me when cashing my paycheck and want it back? I went to the liquor store to cash my paycheck and they overpaid me on the amount and now want the money back? Is this criminal or civil matter?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
What to do if I work for USPS and I am on probation and i was give an ultimatum to quit or be fired?  I work for USPS. I am on probation and i was give an ultimatum to quit or be fired.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I sue the court if I am fighting a felony 2nd degree conspiracy charge but never was convicted?  Can I sue the court system if I am fighting a felony 2nd degree conspiracy charge but never was convicted and I lost a new job because it came up on my background check although I never pleaded guilty to the case and it is still pending?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can you sell a company if a civil suit is pending? Can you sell a company if a civil suit is pending?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
How do i break my lease? How do i break my lease?	Family Questions	Michigan
If you are given a raise at a job and move and ask to transfer can they take your raise back?  If you are given a raise at a job and move and ask to transfer can they take your raise back?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Can you sue a company if you can't sue  one of their customers using their service for harassment? Can you sue a company if you can't sue  one of their customers using their service for harassment?	Criminal Questions	California
Can i move out of state with my daughter and start custody over there? Can i move out of state with my daughter and start custody over there?	Family Questions	Florida
How long does one county have to pick you up from another county? how long does one county have to pick you up from another county?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Legal for a courthouse clerk to run backgrounds on whoever she wants even people non-related to work? I was wondering if it is legal for a courthouse clerk to run back grounds on whoever she wants, even people not related to her work?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Legal that any company use a TV to watch the employees their activities during the working hours? It is legal that any company or employer use a TV system to watch the employees their activities during the working hours?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
If the paralegal said one thing and the attorney on my case said another who should I believe? If the paralegal said one thing and the attorney on my case said another who should I believe?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
As a renter, can I do an early termination of lease without penalty due to a vermin problem? As a renter in a manufactured home, can I do an early termination of lease without penalty due to a mice & ant problem that is out of control & where management  will only spray the outside of the house.  This has been a chronic problem.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Does my ex have the right to leave state with my son? Does my ex have the right to leave state with my son?	Family Questions	Michigan
Does my mother own the house if she put it in my name but moved out into assisted living? My mother put house in my name and kept a life estate on house.  She moved out and into assisted living.  Does she own house or do I?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can i be fired from my job for getting a divorce from my bosses' daughter? Can i be fired from my job for getting a divorce from my bosses' daughter?	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do if my children were taken away from me? Hello my kids were taken by ocs an I need a lawyer by Monday. Please help me as nobody else will.	Family Questions	Alaska
Can a person be charged with forgery if they signed their own name to something but made it not legible? Can a person be charged with forgery if they signed their own name to something but just made it not legible?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Can I fire my court appointed lawyer at any given time? Can I fire my court appointed lawyer at any given time?	Criminal Questions	New York
What can I do when I've got money taken out of my pay check for health ins. & no card to prove coverage? What can I do when I've got money taken out of my pay check for health ins. and have no card to prove coverage? I've told employer twice and still no card and have paid in $283.92 for the coverage and still no card. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Tennessee
Can my employer ban cell phones at work without giving access to a landline for emergencies?  Can my employer ban cell phones at work without giving access to a landline for emergencies? They told us we can't have our cell phones, but we can't give out the business number to family. I have a 6 month old at home.	Employment Questions	Nevada
If i have no money for a lawyer, Will judge grant me a attorney? If i have no money for a lawyer, Will judge grant me a attorney?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Am I able to get my inheritance back if my father took it on me when I was a minor? Am I able to get my inheritance back if my father took it on me when I was a minor?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Wisconsin
Conflict of interest for a defense attorney to spend recreational time with a witness for the prosecution? Is it a conflict of interest for a defense attorney to spend recreational time with a witness for the prosecution in a criminal indictment case?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Can a parent company sue employee of subsidiary? Can a parent company sue employee of subsidiary? if so, what is needed for it? thanks!	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
How can I collect a refund from a contractor who was overpaid?  How can I collect a refund from a contractor who was overpaid? He knows it and I have sent copies of the invoices and checks with the items marked, by email and mail and he claims to have never gotten the information. What can I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Kentucky
Can I go to jail for not paying outstanding legal fee based on my inability to pay these out standing cost? Can I go to jail for not paying outstanding legal fee based on my inability to pay these out standing cost?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If you're 15 & charged with grand theft auto but intended to return it is there possible jail time? If you're 15 years of age and were charged with grand theft auto but intended to return the vehicle is there possible jail time?	Criminal Questions	Florida
If my son had a medical procedure 8 years ago  in state of Missouri, what is statute to sue? If my son had a medical procedure 8 years ago  in state of Missouri, what is statute to sue?	Personal Injury Questions	Missouri
How long can an employer keep someone in a "temporary" supervisor position? How long can an employer keep someone in a "temporary" supervisor position?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can a post prenup agreement be signed once a business is opened?
 Can a post prenup agreement be signed once a business is opened?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Louisiana
What steps do i take to pursue criminal and civil damages along with getting the vehicle back? I am the agent for the sale of my mom's rv. She is deceased no for 2 years and the buyer has not made a payment since then. He has been sent the final letter and he still refuses to pay and he is unlawfully hiding the vehicle. What steps do i take to pursue criminal and civil damages along with getting the vehicle back?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Legal to have to touch customers if my company is requiring each cashier to shake hands with veterans? If my company is requiring each cashier to shake hands with veterans, is this legal to have to touch customers?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Can a government own daycare make a teacher eat the food they serve the kids? Can a government own daycare make a teacher eat the food they serve the kids?	Employment Questions	Oklahoma
What to do if I had a song of mine placed in a movie and they got the title wrong in the credits? What to do if I had a song of mine placed in a movie and they got the title wrong in the credits?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Illinois
Can my husband come home if his wife is real sick and he got a 10 year ban? Can my husband come home if his wife is real sick and he got a 10 year ban?	Immigration Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I get migraines when I drink coke but I can't stop drinking it because it's to addicting?  What to do if I get migraines when I drink coke but I can't stop drinking it because it's to addicting?	Personal Injury Questions	California
how many days in a row am I legally allowed to work before it becomes overtime pay? how many days in a row am I legally allowed to work before it becomes overtime pay?	Employment Questions	California
What are the parental rights in the state of PA? What are the parental rights in the state of PA?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is trespassing a felony or misdemeanor in Michigan? Is trespassing a felony or misdemeanor in Michigan?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
if you inherit money before you get a divorce is the partner entitled to any of it? if you inherit money before you get a divorce is the partner entitled to any of it?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What are the rules for common law marriage in Alabama? What are the rules for common law marriage in Alabama?	Family Questions	Alabama
if dates on a contract are not the same on the first page as the last, what date would be the legal date be? if dates on a contract are not the same on the first page as the last and signed page what date would be the legal date to go by?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Is the City Legally bound to notify the public via sign when they "tar and chip" a road surface?  Is the City or Township Legally bound to notify the public via sign when they "tar and chip" a road surface? if so, are they responsible for any vehicular damage?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Do proprietary rights granted a lessor of a land use permit carry obligations to protect the land use? Do proprietary rights granted a lessor of a land use permit carry obligations of the lessor to protect the land use permit?	Real Estate Questions	California
Illegal in California for a company to not go off your actual hours but rounded off hours? Is it illegal in California for a company to not go off your actual hours but rounded off hours?	Employment Questions	California
If an employer does not apply an attendance policy to all employees is it still misconduct if I was terminated? If an employer does not apply an attendance policy to all employees is it still misconduct if I was terminated in Nevada?	Employment Questions	Nevada
Is it a lawsuit if you had bedbugs for 6 months and I keep informing my landlord that we have bedbugs? Is it a lawsuit if you had bedbugs for 6 months and I keep informing my landlord that we have bedbugs and he still hasn't did anything about it?	Family Questions	Virginia
What is the dead lien for appeal after judgement? What is the dead lien for appeal after judgement?	Real Estate Questions	California
Does an employee have any legal avenues when threatened w/ termination based on evaluation? Does an employee has any legal avenues when threatened w/ termination based on inconsistent evaluation by a supervisor?	Employment Questions	Florida
How is my ex not letting me see my kids when leaving state with a court order?  How is my ex not letting me see my kids when leaving state with a court order? She can't and no one will do anything about it.	Family Questions	Michigan
What can I legally do if I am 18 and receiving daily harassment from a 9 And 11 year old? What can I legally do if I am 18 and receiving daily harassment from a 9 And 11 year old?	Criminal Questions	Florida
How to get a no contact order dropped and why it was placed in the first place? How to get a no contact order dropped and why it was placed in the first place?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Will a power of attorney notarized in the Philippines be valid in California? Will a power of attorney notarized in the Philippines be valid in California?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If a collection agency fails to complete their contract with me, can I counter sue them? If a collection agency fails to complete their contract with me, can I counter sue them?	Consumer Questions	Minnesota
If I stole $4000 over a 1 year period from the store I worked in what is the jail time if charges are pressed? If I stole $4000 over a 1 year period from the store I worked in what is the jail time if charges are pressed and I am convicted?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Question regarding living in GA and having an LLC opened? I live in Georgia and have an LLC opened. There is a Patent Application in the LLC, however, I have not been able to get an agreement with the other person who wants to be my business partner but has paid no money and wants to take no risks in his share of the ownership in a percentage reduction if the NPPA is not granted a Full Patent.  It's time for him to put up or get out.  Do I have the legal ability since the LLC is in my name alone, to submit the Operating Agreement and cut him in for a royalty %, if it's granted?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
if my boss discussed me seeing a therapist with another employee is that against employee rights? If my boss discussed me seeing a therapist with another employee while I'm on fmla is that against employee rights?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can an attorney place a gag order on the plaintiffs to stop them from sharing their story with the media? Can an attorney place a gag order on the plaintiffs to stop them from sharing their story with the media?  How long can this gag order last?  I live in Idaho!  Thanks, Kathy	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Idaho
Can I file divorce without the defendant's social security number, drivers license, and address? Can I file divorce without the defendant's social security number, drivers license, and address? She will not give me any information so I can file, please help.	Family Questions	Michigan
What do I need to start with when I have an intellectual idea that I would like to patent? What do I need to start with when I have an intellectual idea that I would like to patent?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
How do i come about getting someone to look at my contract? How do i come about getting someone to look at my contract?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
If a person is sent home cause of a malfunction, do they only get paid for the time of actually being there? If a person is sent home cause of a malfunction in the office, do they only get paid for the time of actually being there?	Employment Questions	California
Can my landlord tell me to find other place cause I asked him to fix heater burner and didn't? Can my landlord tell me to find other place cause I asked him to fix heater burner on electric stove shower toilet that cannot flush mold and mildew all that I had NOTHING to do with? And I just move in last month and I just found out from a neighbor that I have sex offenders living in the apartment community. He never told me and I have kids.	Real Estate Questions	California
In which state do i need to file the garnishment in and how do i get the garnishment forms? I need to garnish my husbands pay because he wont pay his alimony. I live in Montana and he lives in Washington. In which state do i need to file the garnishment in and how do i get the garnishment forms?	Family Questions	Montana
If I have a state hearing for a proposed increase in child support due to arrears, how do i defend myself? I have a state hearing for a proposed increase in child support due to arrears. How do i defend myself in this matter?	Family Questions	California
What to do when I was advised by attorney as it was okay to pawn guns but yet I was charged with Theft? What can I do when I was advised by an attorney as it was okay to pawn some guns but yet I was charged with Theft 1?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Do I need a lawyer if I was caught with .5 oz of drugs in Livingston county, Michigan? Do I need a lawyer if I was caught with .5 oz of marijuana in Livingston county Michigan?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Can a landlord in CA issue a 3-day notice for not paying the water bill? Can a landlord in CA issue a 3-day notice for not paying the water bill?	Real Estate Questions	California
How can I re-enter the country if I had self deported myself due to drug related issues? I want to come to the states but i had self deported myself due to drug related issues. How can I enter the country?	Immigration Questions	Nevada
Is nepotism illegal in the workplace? Is nepotism illegal in the workplace?	Employment Questions	Michigan
what will happen if i am an accomplice to embezzling? what will happen if i am an accomplice to embezzling?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can a child be interrogated at school about living in district of school without parents being present? Can a child be interrogated at school about living in district of school without parents being present?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Is a residential lease valid if it breaks zoning and land use laws?  Is a residential lease valid if it breaks zoning and land use laws?	Real Estate Questions	California
Am I required to show personal identification to a police officer in the state of Minnesota if asked? Am I required to show personal identification to a police officer in the state of Minnesota if asked?	Immigration Questions	Minnesota
How valid is a verbal contract? how valid is a verbal contract?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Mississippi
Can a lawyer hold your child support as payment for legal fees? Can a lawyer hold your child support as payment for legal fees?	Family Questions	New York
Do i have to write a police report at work for harassment? Do i have to write a police report at work for harassment?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
If I have a POA  signed in two colors ink, is it still good? If I have a POA signed in two colors ink, is it still good?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I hold a drawing for a physical prize if I don't charge for entry?  Can I hold a drawing for a physical prize if I don't charge for entry?	Consumer Questions	Maryland
If I was caught with a stolen credit card but I did not use it, what criminal charges am I looking at? If I was caught with a stolen credit card but I did not use it, what criminal charges am I looking at? and what is the penalty?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
If a display refrigerator is the only one available can the buyer demand the display model?
 If a display refrigerator is the only one available can the buyer demand the display model?	Consumer Questions	Florida
How do I protect myself from non-disclosed charges for work not anticipated by the contractor? How do I protect myself from unexpected or non-disclosed charges for work not anticipated by the contractor on my home repairs	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Oregon
How can I protect myself so that the company does not simply steal my idea? I have a business proposal I want to present to a major corp.  How can I protect myself so that the company does not simply steal my idea?	Consumer Questions	Kentucky
If my nephew was suspended from school and the program he is in doesn't allow that, do we have a case? If my nephew was suspended from school and the program he is in doesn't allow that, do we have a case?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Pennsylvania
What rights do i have as I am a 12-year employee of a small business & need time off for a kidney transplant? What rights do i have as I am a twelve year employee of a small business and i need time off for a kidney transplant? What can i do about pay?	Employment Questions	Indiana
If my employer just asked for the password to my company email, am I obligated to reveal it?
 If my employer just asked for the password to my company email, am I obligated to reveal it?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal for someone collecting ssi to have a rental property and only accept cash as payment? Is it legal for someone collecting ssi to have a rental property and only accept cash as payment?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an employer legally force you to work in two different facilities than where I sign up for? Can an employer legally force you to work in two different facilities than where I sign up for?	Employment Questions	Michigan
How do i get my kids' father locked up? How do i get my kids' father locked up?	Family Questions	Michigan
Does a mother have to testify against her son? Does a mother have to testify against her son?	Family Questions	Michigan
How long after a car accident do you have to initially claim an injury? How long after a car accident do you have to initially claim an injury??	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Can a landlord enter my apt without a notice to enter? i live in Wisconsin and i was wondering if a landlord could enter my apt without a notice to enter?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
What is the statute of limitations for a wrongful death case in CO? What is the statute of limitations for a wrongful death case in CO?	Personal Injury Questions	Colorado
What to do if I have an order in CA but my babies' daddy moved out of state & I haven't received it? I have an order in CA but my babies' daddy moved out of state N.C. and I haven't received a full payment in years.	Family Questions	California
How much notice do I have to receive to start charging me rent if I used to live rent free? I live in state of new york and currently living rent free. How much notice do I have to receive to start charging me rent?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If my company lost some of the employees' personal files  that are confidential can they sue the company?
 If my company has lost some of the employees' personal files  that are confidential can they sue the company?	Employment Questions	Maine
If my annual salary is more than my son's dad does he have to still give child support? If my annual salary is more than my son's dad does he have to still give child support?	Family Questions	New Jersey
Does the wife get the house if the husband is caught cheating after 13 years of marriage? Does the wife get the house if the husband is caught cheating after 13 years of marriage?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I file a lien on a property if the leasee hired me to do work and has not paid? Can I file a lien on a property if the leasee hired me to do work and has not paid? Do I file the lien on the building, the leasee or the building owner? I'm in South Bend Indiana.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
Should I as a renter be responsible for window being broken by some person I don't know that threw a rock? Should I as a renter be responsible for window being broken by some person I don't know that threw a rock or something at it?  Should I have to pay for it?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Should an owners wife be the VP of human resources and is it a conflict of interest?  should an owners wife be the VP of human resources and is it a conflict of interest?	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal for the assistant director of nursing to fire an employee?
 Is it legal for the assistant director of nursing to fire an employee?	Employment Questions	Mississippi
What is the bare minimum percentage that child support starts at?   What is the bare minimum percentage that child support starts at when it's based on a $100,000 income?  Thank You	Family Questions	Michigan
Do I need a lawyer for using another person's ID and false info?
 Do I need a lawyer for using another person's ID and false info?	Criminal Questions	Oregon
How do you know if your lawyer is not working for you, what to do, and how? How do you know if your lawyer is not working for you, what to do, and how?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
If I was in an auto accident can i file a lawsuit against the company even if it is an LLC? If I was in an auto accident can i file a lawsuit against the company even if it is an LLC?	Personal Injury Questions	Colorado
An option if I want to adopt adult step-child in Arkansas as I would prefer to do the filings myself? I want to adopt adult step-child in Arkansas as I would prefer to do the filings myself. Is this even an option?	Family Questions	Arkansas
Is there anyway i can sue the father for back child support or get benefits cause he was in the Military? I take a DNA test this past July and he's my father. Is there anyway i can sue him for back child support or get some type of benefits because he was in the Military???	Family Questions	Connecticut
Question regarding a legitimate legally binding rental agreement? Does this qualify as a legitimate, legally binding Rental Agreement, Where John is renting a room from Jane from September to December? Why or why not? Note: Jane is not the landlord and is illegally subletting the room. Furthermore, is Jon entitled to a return of his security deposit?Rental Agreement of $700 per monthJohn Doe & Jane Doe 9/2012-12/12 $700.00 security deposit receivedby Jane Doe From John Doe	Real Estate Questions	California
Am I responsible for a legally married gay couple but live apart wife did IVF? Am I responsible for a legally married gay couple but live apart wife did IVF?	Family Questions	New York
Can they charge someone for domestic violence if the victim said it never happened? Can they charge someone for a domestic violence if the victim said it never happened?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Is a contract legal if only one person signs? Is a contract legal if only one person signs? If a car contract only has a stamp of the dealership is this legal?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
What happens when an employer violates the privacy law? What happens when and employer violates the privacy law?  My employer told other employees what my wages were.  what rights do i have and do i have a case?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Best approach if you were married in CA and moved to CO but now want a divorce and moving back to CA? If you were married in CA and moved to CO but now want a divorce and moving back to CA, what is the best approach?	Family Questions	California
If i am working from a ladder in the state of Maine and fell is the home owner responsible? If i am working from a ladder in the state of Maine and fell is the home owner responsible?	Personal Injury Questions	Maine
Can a person use child support money to open several businesses?
 Can a person use child support money to open several businesses?	Family Questions	New York
Can I have documents subpoena for evidence in a pretrial hearing? Can I have documents subpoena for evidence in a pretrial hearing?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Michigan
How do i stop the county jail from abusing my husband? How do i stop the county jail from abusing my husband?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
Can I get arrested if I never received my diploma but put it on my resume for a job? If I never received a real high school diploma and had it on my resume that I did and was hired for the position and  signed all the paperwork can I get arrested?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
If I am paying child support do I have to pay additional daycare expense?
 If I am paying child support do I have to pay additional daycare expense?	Family Questions	Florida
Can my father sue me and win if he signed over his house to me and wants it back? My father signed over his house to me. He now wants it back. Can he sue me and win?	Family Questions	New York
If I was injured in a car accident in Chicago, do I really need a lawyer for a settlement? If I was injured in a car accident in Chicago, do I really need a lawyer for a settlement?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
If I'm currently 17 years old, is it legal in Colorado for me to date a 20 year old? If I'm currently 17 years old, is it legal in Colorado for me to date a 20 year old?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
If I signed a membership contract 2 days ago and I do not won't it now how do I get out of it with no fees? If I signed a membership contract 2 days ago and I do not won't it now how do I get out of it with no fees?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Alabama
Can a spinal tap be requested of the mother in a child custody case in Alabama to verify drug use? Can a spinal tap be requested of the mother in a child custody case in Alabama to verify drug use?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can a former employer demand paid wages be returned if the employee was overpaid? Can a former employer demand paid wages be returned if the employer thinks the employee was overpaid?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is it illegal to file my son's unemployment for him while he's in jail waiting to be sentenced for a DUI? Is it illegal to file my son's unemployment for him while he's in jail waiting to be sentenced for a DUI?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Can i sue the bar owner after getting sucker punched in his bar?
 Can i sue the bar owner after getting sucker punched in his bar?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Can my ex boyfriend sue me for doing work in my house while he lived here? Can my ex boyfriend sue me for doing work in my house while he lived here?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
If my son broke his ankle jumping on a trampoline at friend's house, can I sue property owners insurance? If my son broke his ankle jumping on a trampoline at his friend's house they rent, can i sue property owners insurance?	Personal Injury Questions	Oregon
Can a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure clear the Title on a clouded title? Can a Deed in Lieu of Foreclosure clear the Title on a clouded title?	Real Estate Questions	California
How much % of a contract final payment can the consumer withhold if there is a dispute? How much % of a contract final payment can the consumer withhold if there is a dispute? the work has been completed yet the homeowner is with holding 50% of the total amount of the contract.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Hawaii
Can I get child support if my husband left me for another woman and we have a child? My husband left me for another woman and we have a daughter together and I was wondering if I could get child support or alimony?	Family Questions	West Virginia
If I committed a felony as a minor & never put on record, can it affect if I purchase a rifle at 18? If I committed a felony at an age under 18 and it was never put on record, can it affect whether if I can purchase a rifle at the age of 18?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Legal way to take youtube video and post  them on my paid website and I make money from companies? Is it a legal way to take youtube video and post  them on my paid website and I make money from (other) companies who would like to advertise on my webpage?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Who owns all rights to the work if I photograph for a hospital in my home town & I charge by the hour? I photograph for a hospital in my home town. I charge by the hour.  Who owns all rights to the work?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Wisconsin
What's the min and max my dad committed for arm robbery and has two aggravated assault charges? My dad committed arm robbery and has two aggravated assault charges. He's never been locked up. What's the min and max he could get?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Am I held to an employment agreement if I was fired after 6 months and was fired without merit? I signed a Georgia employment agreement. I was fired after six months. I feel the firing was without merit.  Am I held to this agreement?	Employment Questions	Georgia
How to tell if you are being scammed from Russia? How to tell if you are being scammed from Russia?	Immigration Questions	Indiana
Legal if I'm working for an employer where we work 6 days a week 10-120 hours a day with no overtime? I am working for an employer where we work 6 days a week 10-120 hours a day with no overtime. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Michigan
How does it work if I'm 21 and my father lives in Mexico and wants me to help him become a citizen? I'm 21 years old and my father lives in Mexico and wants me to help him become a citizen. How does that work?	Immigration Questions	Missouri
Can you beat the statue if the hospital just informed you they may have been negligent for your injury? Can you beat the statue if the hospital just informed you they may have been negligent for your injury?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Is being shoved by a door physical abuse? Is being shoved by a door physical abuse? Is it against the law?	Family Questions	Michigan
what are my rights as a renter? what are my rights as a renter?	Real Estate Questions	California
How can an alien get out on bond with cocaine charges? How can an alien get out on bond with cocaine charges?	Immigration Questions	Michigan
Can a person who has power of attorney sell the person's property if she becomes incapacitated? Can a person who has power of attorney sell the person's property if she becomes incapacitated?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
What are my rights if I slipped on water on the floor and I've been out of work for a week? What are my rights if I slipped on water on the floor and I've been out of work for a week with no money coming in?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
What is the proper way to serve someone in California? What is the proper way to serve someone in California?	Real Estate Questions	California
When I obtain asylum, can I still visit my country? When I obtain asylum, can I still visit my country?	Immigration Questions	Illinois
Does the lemon law apply in Michigan for vehicles?
 Does the lemon law apply in Michigan for vehicles?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Does my 11-year-old daughter have to see her dad when she doesn't want to? Does my 11-year-old daughter have to see her dad when she doesn't want to? He has never been consistent on the time spent with her	Family Questions	Michigan
Can a son or daughter of the estate act as a co- administrator from another state? Can a son or daughter of the estate act as a co- administrator from another state?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How easy is it to remove a trustee from their position? How easy is it to remove a trustee from their position?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
terminated restaurant employee have the right to have copies of the documentation in their personnel file? Does a terminated restaurant employee have the right to have copies of the documentation in their personnel file in the state of Ohio?	Employment Questions	Ohio
Can a non-violent convicted felon obtain a pistol permit in new york state and if so how?  Can a non-violent convicted felon obtain a pistol permit in New York state and if so how?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can a creditor garnish social security checks for default on credit card debt? Can a creditor garnish social security checks for default on credit card debt?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Can the company discriminate against works who want to keep their health info private? The company I work for makes me pay more for my health care premiums because I won't give my private personal health info to a third party. Can the company discriminate against works who want to keep their health info private?	Employment Questions	Texas
Can I sue a person for reporting a phone that i paid for lost or stolen? Can I sue a person for reporting a phone that i paid for lost or stolen?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Carolina
Can bounty hunters cross state lines on a misdemeanor? Can bounty hunters cross state lines on a misdemeanor?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
is it legal to rent a room without a window and call it a bedroom? is it legal to rent a room without a window and call it a bedroom?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
If I live in NY and the father of my children moves to Alaska can you collect child support from them? If I live in NY and the father of my children moves to Alaska can you collect child support from them?	Family Questions	New York
Is an unsigned employment application a legal document?  Is an unsigned employment application a legal document?  I applied for a job, got the job and have now been fired because i marked no on a question that was yes.   I did not sign the application and now I am being denied unemployment benefits?  What do i do?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Can my boss not pay me overtime? Can my boss not pay me overtime?	Employment Questions	California
During a divorce if the woman has no job, no house or anything but the man does, who gets the kids? During a divorce if the woman has no job, no house or anything but the man does, who gets the kids?	Family Questions	Kentucky
If in the past I used an attorney would it be a conflict of interest for husband to retain him for a divorce? If in the past I used an attorney would it be a conflict of interest for my new husband to retain him for a divorce now?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal to create merchandise such as bracelets that contain a celebrity's name? Is it legal to create merchandise such as bracelets that contain a celebrity's name? My teenage daughter wants to do this. We live in Michigan.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Michigan
Do I file the papers if I live in Georgia or Alabama where my children live? i live in Georgia and my children live in Alabama. I am filling out the forms from Alabama for change of child support. Do I file the papers in Georgia or Alabama?	Family Questions	Georgia
If I resign from my job and give a 60 day notice, What can my company do legally? If I resign from my job and give a 60 day notice, What can my company do legally?  Do they have to pay me for that time frame?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can i be arrested for a pay day Loan debt in the city of Philadelphia by allied litigation group? Can i be arrested for a pay day Loan debt in the city of Philadelphia by allied litigation group?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
We need someone to review an LLC agreement?
 We need someone to review an LLC agreement?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Delaware
If your tenant moves out without giving a notice, would he still owe for the month he moved out on? If your tenant moves out without giving a 30 day notice and he is on a month to month agreement would he still owe for the month he moved out on?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it easy for a 16 year old to be emancipated in MI?  Is it easy for a 16 year old to be emancipated in MI? She has no job & goes to HS.	Family Questions	Michigan
If minors trashed my house through a party, do I list their parents when I take them to court for damages? If minors trashed my house through a party, do I list their parents when I take them to court for damages?	Criminal Questions	California
Do I have to pay for a new carpet after living at an apartment for 3 years?
 Do I have to pay for a new carpet after living at an apartment for 3 years?	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if MD garnished my SS benefits for supposed food stamps I never received? The state of maryland has garnished my SS benefits for supposed food stamps I never, ever received or had knowledge of in 2003-4 while I visited family.	Consumer Questions	California
Does a principal have a right to question a child on video to find out if there are problems at home? Does a principal have a right to question a child on video to find out if there are problems at home?	Family Questions	Virginia
After a vehicle accident  should I release my policy limits to the other parties attorney? After a vehicle accident  should I release my policy limits to the other parties attorney?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What is the definition of a "joint bank account" as it relates to ownership to withdraw by each individual? What is the definition of a "joint bank account"as it relates to ownership and ability to withdraw from it  by each individual?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Can I get in trouble for still moving with child even after notarized consent and new visitation schedule? Me and my ex signed and notarized a paper stating that me and our child can move to AZ. from CA. because I have a good job waiting for me and a house and family. All of which we don't have here. I couldn't get the notarized request to the judge because my ex has a sanction for not going to the last court date. Can I get in trouble for still moving with child even though we signed and notarized consent and new visitation schedule?	Family Questions	California
If there is shared custody must the father still provide the mother with child support? If there is shared custody must the father still provide the mother with child support?	Family Questions	California
Can I go to jail if my child refuses to see the other parent if it was court ordered? Can I go to jail if my child refuses to see the other parent if it was court ordered?	Family Questions	Mississippi
Are there laws protecting the elderly from an used car purchase that should not have been permitted? Are there laws protecting the elderly from an used car purchase that should not have been permitted?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
As an agent of a marketing company, what agreements do I need between me and my client?  I started a marketing company this year. As an agent, what agreements do I need between me and my client? What agreements do I need between me and companies who Ill ask for their services on behalf of my client?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Do I still have a chance to stay in the home if I'm a few days late going to fight the unlawful detainer? Do I still have a chance to stay in the home if I'm a few days late going to fight the unlawful detainer?	Real Estate Questions	California
Under what circumstances can one sue for slander?  Under what circumstances can one sue for slander? Loss of wages/ loss of job? Can they sue the organization? the individual?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What to do if tenant stopped paying rent and never signed lease? What to do if tenant stopped paying rent and never signed lease?	Real Estate Questions	California
What are The requirements For employers and full time work Obligations?
 What are The requirements For employers and full time work Obligations?	Employment Questions	California
Can an employer legally take taxes out of my check if I haven't signed nor filled out any of the paperwork? In Al. can an employer legally take taxes out of my check if I haven't signed nor filled out any of the paperwork?	Tax Questions	Alabama
What's the best way to pay child support if there is no order in place?  What's the best way to pay child support if there is no order in place? I want to get credit for payments until there is an order in place.	Family Questions	California
What to do if I would like to change my son's last name? What to do if I would like to change my son's last name?	Family Questions	California
Can I sue a cosigner for no payments of a line of credit? Can I sue a cosigner for no payments of a line of credit?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do if i got a car at a car dealer and it doesn't work anymore?  What to do if i got a car at a car dealer and it doesn't work anymore? After 3 months it stopped working.	Real Estate Questions	California
Tips to prepare for an appeal of umemployment disqualification when up against large corporation? What are some tips to prepare for an appeal of umemployment insurance disqualification when up against large corporate attorney	Employment Questions	Indiana
Can my sister get my custody even if she's illegal? Can my sister get my custody even if she's illegal?	Immigration Questions	Alabama
Can i stop my children's great grandmother from going to my wife's supervised visit? Can i stop my children's great grandmother from going to my wife's supervised visit?	Family Questions	California
Can the new landlord make me pay another deposit?  can the new landlord make me pay another deposit? I live in Pasadena Ca.	Real Estate Questions	California
How can I work legally if I'm f2 visa holder and I found work in a restaurant? How can I work legally if I'm f2 visa holder and I found work in a restaurant?	Immigration Questions	California
After a demand letter failed to get a response what's the next step? After a demand letter failed to get a response what's the next step?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Utah
Is it legal to sell AMC gold experience tickets on streets? Is it legal to sell AMC gold experience tickets on streets?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can parole (not probation) in Wisconsin be extended due to unpaid restitution? Can parole (not probation) in Wisconsin be extended due to unpaid restitution? My understanding is that extending someone's parole would be in fact re-sentencing the individual. I ask this because my parole officer told me that my parole would be extended if I didn't finish paying my restitution and that it would be extended till the restitution is paid. I thought that since my parole is in fact serving the rest of my prison sentence in the community, that it couldn't be extended because it is a fixed sentence. Am I correct in this?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
What legal action can be taken from information acquired through text messages by authorities?  What legal action can be taken from information acquired through text messages by authorities? And what repercussions may occur as a result of declining to be interviewed regarding drug related charges due to these messages?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
If my mom's mobile home is not paid off at the time of her death, can I continue making her payments?  if my mom's mobile home is not paid off at the time of her death, can i, as durable power of attorney agent, continue making her payments after she passes?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can a new word that defines a concept be protected so the creator is compensated for it's use?   Can a new word that defines a concept be protected so the creator is compensated for it's use?  Used, for instance, on web sites which are accessed with browsers like Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
As a non-custodial parent do I have rights to see the child regardless of child support obligations? As a non-custodial parent do I have rights to see the child regardless of child support obligations?	Family Questions	California
If house guests leave their child alone for an hour is the home owner responsible in Minnesota? If house guests leave their child alone for an hour is the home owner responsible in Minnesota?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Do any circumstances exists whereby a partner can be held accountable for criminal acts of a partner? Do any circumstances exists whereby a partner can be held accountable for criminal acts of a partner?	Criminal Questions	Rhode Island
Does a church have the right to remove a member if the member got raped at her home?  Does a church have the right to remove a member if the member got raped at her home? They claimed the member had committed adultery.	Family Questions	Georgia
How many breaks am I entitled to in an 8-hour work day? I work in a warehouse in Montclair, CA? How many breaks am I entitled to in an 8-hour work day? I work in a warehouse in Montclair, CA?	Employment Questions	California
What does "legislate from the bench" mean?  What does "legislate from the bench" mean?  Discuss the legal and ethical aspects	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Is beating your wife in front of your children considered child abuse? Is beating your wife in front of your children considered child abuse? And what if one of those children is a special needs child with Autism?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Do I have a right to have a copy of any and all paperwork that I sign at the time I sign it? Do I have a right to have a copy of any and all paperwork that I sign at the time I sign it & a copy of my personal file at work?	Employment Questions	Mississippi
Is it legal to buy music then re-sell tracks?  Is it legal to buy music then re-sell tracks? Or do i need the record company's ok on it?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Maine
If i step in a hole and fall on the ground and fracture my leg is the landowner responsible? If i step in a hole and fall on the ground and fracture my leg is the landowner responsible?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
What do I do if my general manager and manager cursed me out & I recorded them cursing me out? What do I do if my general manager and manager cursed me out & I recorded them cursing me out?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
In California is support based on net or gross income cause my paperwork wants to know my gross income? In California is support based on net or gross income cause my paperwork wants to know my gross income?	Family Questions	California
What to do if my credit call company called my job and talked to my boss about my personal business? What to do if my credit call company called my job and talked to my boss about my personal business?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Would I be partially responsible for some of my ex-wife's debt if I'm getting a divorce? i am getting a divorce in the near future and my wife has 40 thousand in credit card debt. Would I be partially responsible for some of this debt?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can employees get polygraphed for theft after the person got fired? Can employees get polygraphed for theft after the person got fired?	Employment Questions	New Mexico
Can a lawyer in NY represent me for child support and divorce in AK? Can a lawyer in NY represent me for child support and divorce in AK?	Family Questions	New York
Does a contractor have the right to repair his work? Does a contractor have the right to repair his work?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
If my divorce was final on 7/25/12, Do I get a divorce decree and how do I get it? If my divorce was final on 7/25/12, Do I get a divorce decree and how do I get it?	Family Questions	California
Can I file for child support if my son was born in Stockholm, Sweden?  Can I file for child support if my son was born in Stockholm, Sweden? His father lives in California	Family Questions	California
Can you file for a divorce even if the other part doesn't want to sign if we been broken up for 10 months?  Can you file for a divorce even if the other part doesn't want to sign if we been broken up for 10 months? If I do divorce myself will I get a docket number?	Immigration Questions	New York
What should I do if my employer gives me less than minimum wage, no lunch breaks but I work 40 hours? What should I do if my employer gives me less than minimum wage, no lunch breaks but I work 40 hours a week?	Employment Questions	Colorado
if you're separated for two years is alimony still a possibility? if you're separated for two years is alimony still a possibility?	Family Questions	Florida
Need to reduce my monthly alimony payments? Need to reduce my monthly alimony payments?	Family Questions	Florida
Legal to make baby blankets and sell them on the internet from a copyright that I bought at Walmart? is it legal to make baby blankets and sell them on the internet from a copyright, all rights reserved material that i bought at Walmart?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Idaho
Question regarding custody of my new kids? if your rights were terminated once before then 8 years later you have more kids does that mean i can't get custody of my new kids or what?	Family Questions	Michigan
Is it legal for my mom to spend all my money that my dad left in his will for me & sell stuff he left for me? Is it legal for my mom to spend all my money that my dad left in his will for me and also sell some stuff he left for me? oh plus I'm 13.	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is my employer required by law to give reason for termination?
 Is my employer required by law to give reason for termination?	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal for an Mcdonald's manager to hit an 18-year-old employee?  Is it legal for an Mcdonald's manager to hit an 18-year-old employee? This is in the state of South Carolina.	Employment Questions	South Carolina
Can you be fired from your job without having evidence for what you was accused of doing? Can you be fired from your job without having evidence for what you was accused of doing?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Is it legal to pay under minimum wage in Oklahoma? Is it legal to pay under minimum wage in Oklahoma?	Employment Questions	Oklahoma
What do I need to do if my wife has temporary green card ends at the end of October (2 years) now? What do I do I need to do if my wife has temporary green card ends at the end of October (2 years) now?	Immigration Questions	Florida
How do I know if I have a claim to sue my employer? How do I know if I have a claim to sue my employer?	Employment Questions	New York
Can a karaoke DJ make you buy drinks from the establishment to be able to sing a song? Can a karaoke DJ make you buy drinks from the establishment to be able to sing a song? I DO NOT think the establishment should be able make a profit off of copyright music.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
Is calling someone 40 times in one week harassment? Is calling someone 40 times in one week harassment?	Family Questions	Missouri
If i ask for a review for child support to have it raised can it be lowered even though we have an agreement?  If i ask for a review for child support to have it raised can it be lowered even though we have a aggreement for what hes paying now	Family Questions	Michigan
What is the legal age for someone in NY state to be put on probation? What is the legal age for someone in NY state to be put on probation?	Criminal Questions	New York
If my lease agreement doesn't have a termination clause, am I obligated to provide 30 day notice? I live in Illinois.  If my 6 month lease agreement doesn't have a termination clause, am  I obligated to provide 30 day termination notice?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can grandparents get custody if parents unfit? What rights do grandparents have in custody of grandchild if parents are not taking proper care of child?	Family Questions	California
How to get deposit back for car purchase? I purchased a car & I owed them money on 12/09/2011 for my down payment. My car was picked up on 12/12/11 the contract says, you must pay a late charge if any payment is not made in full within 10 days after the date the payment is due. Can I get my deposit back?	Administrative Law Questions,Advertising Law Questions,Antitrust Law Questions,Appellate Practice Questions	Georgia
Why do I need to pay for September if I'm moving out August 31st because my lease ends?  I have a lease of 9 months ending on September 1st and found a new apartment. I read my lease like 4 months ago and it says give a 60day written notice if you terminate your lease. I went and gave a 30 day notice that I was not signing my lease again and now they are charging me a month to month rate of $1000 because I didn't give a 60day notice that I wasn't signing again. Why do I need to pay for September if I'm moving out august 31st because my lease ends? Is this even legal?? My obligation is up? I'm just not signing again, I'm not terminating anything.	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Can the police grab me in the parking lot then take me in someone elses house an charge me with drugs? Can the police grab me in the parking lot then take me in someone elses house an charge me with drugs found in the house even though the person who's house it is says the drugs are theirs and not mines?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
Do protective orders or police reports show up on FBI background check for immigration? Does a permanent protective order or domestic violence police report show up on a FBI background check done for immigration purposes?  I was never  arrested or charged.  I am in the process of obtaining green card. It happened 2 years ago.	Criminal Questions,Immigration Questions	Georgia
Can I sue for time in jail and lost wages? Can i sue a person for time spent in jail and for lost of employment wages?	Criminal Questions,Legal Questions	Ohio
Friend arrested for being passenger in car where drugs found. My 17 year old friend was arrested in Georgia for being in a passenger in a car in which drugs (2 lbs.) were found from a search by police Aug. 9th, 2011.  She was arrested with the 29 year old driver in Gwinnett Co. Ga.  Last week there was a hearing, no bound has yet been set after over 8 weeks.	Criminal Questions	South Carolina
Is it legal to lock the basement? I live in Boston, MA. The landlord of the apartment I live in keeps the basement locked and wont allow access to it for he us the only one with the key. He does not live in that apartment so I wanted to know if that's legal or breaking any fire codes?	Bankruptcy Questions,Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
How to get daughter's family out of house? I have my daughter, her husband and granddaughter living with my husband and myself. The situation is very tense with her husband and us, and he can get very out of control. They don't contribute to the household in any way. I need to get them out of my home. What is the proper way to do this?	Family Questions,Hospitality Law Questions,Leasing Questions,Legal Questions,Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
If someone gives you a gift, do they have the right to take it back? If someone gives you a gift, do they have the right to take it back?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is wife's harassment protected under 1st Amendment?  I was harassed by my wife after I caught her cheating. After 3 days of calls and text message bragging and boasting about it to me, I threw a drink in her face. Are her words protected under the 1st amendment "fighting Words"? I was charged with 2nd degree assault.	Criminal Questions,Internet Law Questions,Mobile/Wireless Questions	Maryland
Should my supervisor ask how I filed my taxes?
 Should my supervisor ask my how I filed my taxes?	Tax Questions	New York
Do I need attorney for work injury initial hearing? I have a work injury & I was denied recommended surgery. I got a second opinion, but still denied. I filed an appeal. Do I need an atty for initial hearing? Who pays for second opinion?	Workers Comp Questions	Maryland
Is a process called "accepted for value" as a way to discharge debt legitimate? Hi, recently I've been checking into a process called "accepted for value" as a way to discharge debt. I would like to know if I can basically pay or discharge my auto loan. What does this do? And will it help my financial situation? Or is this a fraudulent scam that I should shake off?	Consumer Questions	Texas
Collection agency after wife for failing to pay gym membership. My wife had a gym membership about five years ago. She signed a two year agreement and she never paid after the first two months. She now has a collection agency after her. What can we do?	Contract Questions,Finance Questions	Ohio
Can a parent and child hold joint tenancy of a property w/ right of survivorship? In California, can a parent and child hold joint tenancy of a property w/ right of survivorship?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question about filing H1B petition? Hello Sir,I have a question regarding filing H1B (I-129) petition. I was on H1B visa[Employer A] from Oct 2011 till date and changed from old employer A to new employer B(New petition filed on 24 February 2012, Left Employer A on last day of work as 23 March 2012 Friday and joined my new employer on Monday March 26, 2012). A RFE is generated for new employer and I have question regarding the same. Q1. Can I be technically on H1B for Employer A technically as I guess revocation takes time?Q2. Can I apply for new employer C (worst case measure or as an option)now as also processing is simultaneously going on for Employer B? I do have all paychecks from all employers and I presume that I was on valid Visa Status the all time	Immigration Questions	California
What to do if my ex boss is using my SS and ID to my account and cash and buy clothes? What to do if my ex boss is using my SS and ID to my account and cash and buy clothes?	Criminal Questions	Florida
About child support I'm actually paying child support to my son who lives in Tampa, but he turns 18 last December. I would like to know if the child support stops automatically to debt from my salary or I have to fill out some papers?	Family Questions	New Jersey
What does it mean common to both parties? I'm filling out a petition for dissolution of marriage with dependent or minor children and the form asked me to pick an answer and I don't know what it means. It says the minor child common to both parties, or the minor child born or conceived during the marriage who are not common to both parties. What does it mean common to both parties?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can a single mom (petitioner) already in the court system request a new support magistrate? Family law: can a single mom (petitioner) already in the court system request a new support magistrate? She has become blatantly belligerent in her rulings favoring the respondent (father) since he hired an attorney.	Family Questions	New York
Question regarding my promotion to director at my company? Hello, I have been promoted to Director at my company, however the Owner of the company had his lawyer write up a contact for me to sign but is saying I cant remove the contact from the office. I want my lawyer to look it over before I sign it. Do I have a legal right to remove the document? Thank you for your help in this matter. Natalie Boultinghouse	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can green card application impact student's visa application? I'm a US citizen and plan to help my sister's family for green card, which will take few years to process. I'm wondering if green card application could impact my nephew's student visa application (private high school) next year?	Immigration Questions	California
If I received a small tear in my rotary cuff at work, How much will i get in compensation? While working I received a small tear in my rotary cuff in my shoulder, and will have to undergo surgery and therapy. How much will i get in compensation for my pain and suffering, and lose of work?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
How do I file a lien against a business in CA? How do I file a lien against a business in CA?	Consumer Questions	California
Can a request for continuation of child support for college children be enacted? In California can a request for continuation of child support for college children be enacted post divorce if not written in divorce decree?	Family Questions	California
Can I be held responsible if my mother is in an accident and has Alzheimer's disease? My mother lives with me & has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease but continues to drive her car with her own insurance. Can I be held responsible if she is in an accident even though I have told her not to drive?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a school's representative lie to kids to get them to sign up for the school? can a school's representative lie to kids to get them to sign up for the school?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Has my ex broken the law if he took our shared son out of state without telling me? I live in Utah. My ex husband and I have shared custody of our 16 year old. My former husband took my son out of state for vacation without telling me or asking me. has he broken the law and what can I do?	Family Questions	California
Is there an Aggressive Panhandling law in Massachusetts? Is there an Aggressive Panhandling law in Massachusetts in place and what are the penalties?  Or is this a city ordinance thing  I live in Springfield Ma. and work in the heart of Panhandle area and I'm sick of the violent aggressiveness to solicit.	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
If someone moves out of your house and left things behind how long do you have to keep them before they legally become yours? If someone moves out of your house and left things behind how long do you have to keep them before they legally become yours?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Can a felon possession charge be dropped to a misdemeanor? Can a felon possession charge be dropped to a misdemeanor?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Is it fair that the manager gives some people the rent higher than others or lower than others? Is it fair that the manager gives some people the rent higher than others or lower than others?	Real Estate Questions	California
right that a baby stays with his dad overnight for 3 days straight without his mom seeing him those days? Is it right that a 2-month-old baby stays with his dad overnight for 3 days straight without his mom seeing him those 3 days?	Family Questions	California
How old does the child have to be to decide which parent he/she wants to live with? How old does the child have to be to decide which parent he/she wants to live with?	Family Questions	California
Is spouse entitled to half of person's inherited home and life insurance? If someone inherits a home and life insurance, is the spouse entitled to half?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
Need help suing for defamation of character. Who can I hire to help sue a person for defamation of character?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
Startup verbally promised compensation but never paid me. I spent 3 months working for a Silicon Valley startup for no pay. The founder told me I'd be compensated in equity for the time that I worked without salary, and in equity & salary for the time afterwards. Unfortunately I don't have this in writing.I eventually left the company because I needed to get paid. The founder told me he'd call to tell me how he'd compensate me, but hasn't.I have proof that I worked at the company.  The most visible evidence is the company's redesigned website, which is my work.  What are my options to collect, or at least make life difficult for them because I feel screwed?  Am I covered by California state laws saying that companies shouldn't employ people for free?	Commercial Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Executive Compensation Questions,Workers Comp Questions	California
I am an independent contractor with a non compete clause in the agreement. I signed this 9 years ago, our company and products have changed and I quit for 3 months and went back, without signing a new agreement. Is it enforceable?	Employment Questions,Franchises & Franchising Questions,Legal Questions	New York
Is it legal for company to not pay overtime? Can a company that has four locations and employ over 25 people not pay overtime?	Consumer Questions,Corporate Questions,Employment Questions,Government Questions,Workers Comp Questions	Georgia
If my ex recorded our phone calls without me knowing, can he bring that up in court? My soon to be ex-husband recorded our phone calls without me knowing. Can he bring that up in court?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can a company refuse a payment if you are behind and can not pay the full amount? Can a company refuse a payment if you are behind and can not pay the full amount?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Is it illegal to use someone else's beat on a song you made?	Copyright Questions	Arkansas
If a lease contains an anti assignment clause, does the landlord imply acceptance of a rental assignment?   If a residential lease contains an anti assignment clause, but the landlord subsequently accepts rent in the sub-leasee's name and is made aware of their existence in the unit, does the landlord imply acceptance of a rental assignment?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What are time limits for filing Title VII employment discrimination? What are the time limits within which a Title VII employment discrimination claim needs to be filed?	Employment Questions,Workers Comp Questions	Ohio
How much do we spend for filling divorce if We don't have kids or properties? How much do we spend for filling divorce if We don't have kids or properties?	Family Questions	California
Can a minor carry a pocket knife? Can I carry a pocket knife if I'm under 18 years old? If so, what are  the limits?	Criminal Questions	California
Is it true that my ex can my child away from me considering we're same sex marriage? My ex and I are filing for divorce. She said she can take my child from me. Is that true considering we're same sex marriage?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Illinois
After signing a contract, how long do you have to cancel?	Contract Questions	Washington
If a professional photographer takes pictures for her own personal use, does she need to have a copyright release form on file at the place where she developes the pictures  to cover the place from a copyright violation?	Copyright Questions	Tennessee
If one leaves the house before a legal separation, is it against the person that leaves? In a divorce if one leaves the house before a legal separation is this going to count against the person that leaves?	Family Questions	California
How do I get right to my child that was born while the mother is still married? how do i get right to my child that was born while the mother is still married?	Family Questions	Michigan
How long after an eviction notice do you have to leave?  I just got an eviction notice stating  that I have 24 hours. My question is, I thought after a hearing you have 30 days to leave?	Leasing Questions	Florida
How long after a short sale does the loan company have to come after you for any outstanding balance? How long after a short sale does the loan company have to come after you for any outstanding balance?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I break a lease? I recently took my dad out of a nursing home and rented a house based in his income and mine. Unfortunately, he has to return to a nursing home, is there any way I can break the lease without ruining my rental history? I can't afford the rent on my salary alone.	Leasing Questions	Florida
Question about clocking in scheduled shifts? My boss requires us to clock in early in order for us to be at our stations for our scheduled shift. He also says we cannot leave our stations until the end of our scheduled shift. To shut down and walk up to the time clock takes about 3-5 minutes. To get our things and open the counter takes about the same. He says we do not get paid for any of the time between clocking in and getting to our stations, or when we shut down. These minutes add up. Is this legal? (FYI, I work for a non-unionized airline).	Employment Questions	California
I have a company trying to get me to send them $600 to compensate them for a photo our web guy put on our site when it was first designed.  When we received the letter, we took the very generic picture off our site, but they keep sending letters. We have not responded. What should we do?	Commercial Questions,Copyright Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Internet Law Questions,Web Design Development Questions	Florida
What is standard percentage for employee option pool? What is a standard percentage to keep available for an employee option pool. Especially when your company has great growth potential in multiple markets?	Corporate Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,Executive Compensation Questions,Tax Questions	California
How do I get my alimony reduced if we were married 15 years and she is currently employed? I was ordered to pay alimony in new Hampshire. I lost my 6 figure job and owe 6 figures in alimony. I have used up my unemployment and took a job making 1/3 of my past salary. How do I get my alimony reduced if we were married 15 years and she is currently employed?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is there any other way to get my name off the house where my ex lives? My ex lives in our house with my name on it.  he was suppose to refinance but never did.  Now, he is in a position where he cannot refinance.  Is there any other way to get my name off the house?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Whose responsibility would it be to trim the tree on the other person's property? There is a large tree that is on my property and on my side of the fence. This tree has limbs and branches that go over the fence and into the neighbor's yard. we do not want to cut down the tree. Whose responsibility would it be to trim the tree on the other person's property?	Real Estate Questions	California
Will we be able to apply for US green Card if our child is born in the US? i am a Canadian citizen and my wife is a permanent resident of Canada (Indian Citizen). If our child is born in USA - California, will we be able to apply for US green Card?	Immigration Questions	California
Is my ex allowed to move away from me with the kid? Is my ex allowed to move away from me with the kid?	Family Questions	California
Is there anything we can do to keep my brother with us since the mother has moved him once every year? My parents have spent the last three years in and out of court and finally got a custody agreement for my little brother who is 9. We have week on week off in the summer and he has to go to a lc daycare but on his mom's weeks he doesn't attend any daycare also furring the school year we get him every other Thurs-Sun and every Tues. His mom is moving him to Santa Barbra which is 3 hrs away. Is there anything we can do to keep him with us, since she has moved him once every year and it will be breaking the visitation?	Family Questions	California
Is there discount applied to convertible debt notes? Is there a typical discount applied to convertible debt notes?	Consumer Internet Questions,Information Technology Questions,Software Questions,Venture Capital Questions,Web Application Development Questions	New York
How to find a lawyer to certify documents? I am in need of a lawyer in Michigan to certify and sign some identification documents. But I have no luck in finding one that will do this for me. These documents need to be sent back in the mail to England as soon as possible.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Does my employer have to pay me for my unused PTO when I resign my employment? does my employer have to pay me for my unused PTO when I resign my employment	Employment Questions	California
Can you force an alcoholic to enter treatment even if they are an adult? Can you force an alcoholic to enter treatment even if they are an adult?  A mother of two 2 & 8 persisted on driving the while intoxicated	Family Questions	California
Can I claim my ex's social security benefits when he retires if we divorce? I'm facing divorce and I am 62 years. Can I claim his social security benefits when he retires. 20 years married.	Family Questions	California
Can your landlord come on your rental property any time she wants? Can your landlord come on your rental property any time she wants just to look around and see what your doing?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Sale of property with existing lease to 3rd party. I have a farm property for sale with an existing lease for the growing and harvesting of hay.  If sold, how do I handle the lease?  If sold, is it subject to existing lease-who collects rent, seller or buyer? Is the lease as separate sale-price of rent proceeds or assign lease with value of lease included in sale price of farm?	Contract Questions	Indiana
Will judge foreclose if father unable to pay house due to car accident? My father has recently got in a car accident and with that done we are trying to press charges but having a hard time to pay the house payments while the suit is going through. He had unemployment until the accident and it doesn't allow him to connect because of the injury, will the judge foreclose?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
How to officially take over payments for foreclosing house? I found a house I like, it's going to be foreclosed but the owners want to prevent that. They said I can take over the payments and when the house is paid off it is mine. How do I make that official?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
What circumstances require releases by video bystanders? I'm working on a startup that will lead to many anonymous bystanders being captured in public on video by third-parties, with this video being shown publicly on my site.  I'd like to know under what circumstances I (or the third-parties) will be required to get written releases form these bystanders.  It doesn't seem to be an issue on YouTube, but it's a big one for TV and documentarians.	Business Internet Questions,Consumer Questions,Entertainment Law Questions,Internet Law Questions,Media & Entertainment Questions,Video Questions	California
Can I get an immigration lawyer to write an Invitation Letter on my brother's behalf? Hi! I have a brother living in West Africa,Ghana and would like him to visit me in the United States. Can I get an immigration lawyer to write an Invitation Letter on his behalf?	Immigration Questions	Virginia
If my son was shot in the eye can I have a lawsuit? If my son was shot in the eye can I have a lawsuit?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Question regarding someone to look over my judgement to  advise me what options I have? I live in San Diego and my ex lives in NJ. He has not paid full alimony in over 4 yrs owes me approx $150K. I have a judgement for enforcement dated 2008 from NJ court. He wants me to sign an agreement to modify the settlement and waive all rights. I am 63 yrs old and he wants to send me $1000/mo for the rest of my life. There are more details. I have called a few lawyers here in San Diego and they tell me I need to speak to a lawyer in NJ. I need to have someone look over my judgement and this agreement to  advise me what  options I have. Do I need to find an attorney in NJ?	Family Questions	California
What is best structure for spouses who are independent contractors? My wife and I became independent contractors this year (separate lines of work, me = consulting, her = speech therapy w/ school district).  Should we setup a LLC or S Corp?  One company or separate?  We don't need all the income, so what is best way (e.g. SEP IRA, Indiv 401k) to reduce taxes?	Consulting Law Questions,Legal Questions,Partnership Questions,Tax Questions	Texas
Do I have to let the father of my son see him? Do I have to let the father of my son see him?	Family Questions	California
How can I email the father whereas he can respond positively and allow my child to attend school? I live in Hawthorne and I have been seeking a charter school in Torrance for my child to attend in 2 years.  The father usually respond negatively to all my emails. (He says no to everything and only wants it his way). I would like to know how can I email him in the future whereas he can respond positively and allow my child to attend this school?  I believe this school will be beneficial to him whereas he could focus. which would be better than the public school. the father never want to drive. the drive for him would be approximately 17 miles from where he lives.   Please assist me.	Family Questions	California
What action to take when outsourced employees use company information for other clients? I got some IT work done in India through a friend's company. He's based in Phoenix, AZ and has stake in a company in India. They used lot of our code for other clients even though all their employee (working on our system) had signed confidentially and non-complete agreement. Do I have any recourse?	Information Technology Questions,Software Questions,Technology Questions,Web Application Development Questions	New Jersey
Question regarding an employee requesting minimum wage via a California Labor Department claim? One of the early people in my software startup is requesting minimum wage via a California Labor Department claim.  The only contract we had in place was a stock option vesting contract.  He executed his options upon his termination in 2010.  How do I defend myself?	Employment Questions	California
I'm developing an app for the iPhone that will be free. It contains anesthesia information that is cited from a anesthesia textbook. I plan on using this information in the app, but paraphrasing almost all the information. Do I need to worry about any copyright issues here?	Copyright Questions,Health Care Questions	Florida
/questions/49a12b04d3/can-irs-seize-equipment-with-no-liens/

Do I have to give my tenant a reason why I am not going to renew their residential lease?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Maryland
Is there any possibility that my sister can get my daughter?  My sister wants to adopt my daughter until she reaches high school. As soon as she reach college. My daughter will be back here in the Philippines. Is there any possibility that she can get my daughter? Actually my sister is permanent resident in the New Jersey.	Family Questions	50
How can a father win physical custody of his son? How can a father win physical custody of his son?	Family Questions	California
How to get joint custody for my children in Las Vegas? How to get joint custody for my children in Las Vegas?	Family Questions	California
When a parent has all the kids, does the father have the right to to keep for 3 weeks straight? When a parent has all the kids all the time does the father have the right to to keep for 3 weeks straight for 3 weeks without the mother seeing him?	Family Questions	California
Can I be deported once divorce is final? I'm married to a US citizen and have permanent residency which expires 2019.  I'm Getting divorced.  Can I be deported once divorce is final?	Immigration Questions	Pennsylvania
I would like to copyright a phrase or logo for our company. What is the process?	Copyright Questions	Florida
If my ex only has supervised visits, is it against court order for him to show up at child's Events/Practices? If my ex husband only has supervised visits for the children, is it against court order for him to show up at childs Sports Events/Practices since it is a public area? not Just show up but also interact with children?	Family Questions	California
I just received the final copy of divorce papers, Sept 2, 2011.  I was an idiot, and did not have representation. Is it too late to have things changed, child support and visitation?	Family Questions	Minnesota
What do I need to marry a Brazilian and how long will do we wait before he is approved for his green card? I'm planning to marry a Brazilian man in December. could you tell me what we need for this and how long will we have to wait before he is approved for his green card?	Immigration Questions	California
When do i start paying if I'm putting in a petition to establish paternal relationship with my son? I'm putting in a petition to establish paternal relationship with my son in Orange County, CA. How long is the process and when do I start paying? Although I've been paying the mother since he was born, but she won't let me bring him over and spent a night at my house.	Family Questions	California
How do I get a fast divorce if my spouse abandoned me a year ago & I have no idea where she is? My spouse abandoned me a year ago. I have no idea where she is and want a fast divorce. How do i get it?	Family Questions	California
Is there a time limit to legally get out of a contract? Is there a time limit to legally get out of a contract?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can a person back out of a contract after signing? Can a person back out of a contract after signing?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
What is best state to incorporate start-up internet business? I am in the initial phases of starting an online internet marketplace. Lets just say the next EBAY! Most of the seed money would go towards building the site with foreign online workers (elance.com). My goal is to do all paperwork and filings correctly at the start-up phase with aspirations of meeting with venture capitalists in the future. I am currently the only owner and have already started the copyright/trademark process via trademarkia.com. The business will not need to own any property until it survives the start-up phase. Should the start-up be incorporated as a LLC, C-corp or other? Is there an advantage of filing in one state (NV, DE) versus another for internet companies?	Business Internet Questions,Consumer Internet Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Internet Questions,Internet Law Questions	Florida
What are deciding factors in starting special needs charter vs special needs public school? What should be the deciding legal and administrative factors between starting a special needs charter school or a special needs private school?	Education Questions	Georgia
Is it legal to raise rent for new lease if old lease missing signature? Renewed my 1 yr lease on my apartment in Aug. Yesterday, I received an eviction notice telling me they are missing a signature on my lease. I found out they want me to sign to pay more on rent because they said it was the old rent. Are they allowed to do this?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Washington
What form do I have to file in California to obtain pay stubs and income? My ex is taking me to court to reduce child support. I have filed pro per and have asked his attorney for pay stubs which he refuses to give me. what form do I have to file in California to obtain pay stubs and income?	Family Questions	California
Corporate lease agreement vs. private residence rental agreement. I serve with a non-profit corporation in Arizona.  We are signing a lease on a new building and the owner has asked us to sign lease agreements  as if we are each renting a private residence.  It seems that we should complete a lease agreement based on the corporation, not our individual information. Is this legal?	Leasing Questions	Arizona
Am I entitled to late father's portion of grandmother's house? My father passed away in 1993. My grandmother passed about 3 years ago. My uncle just sold her house and said that the money was going to be divided up by the other 5 children. Even though my father is dead, am I entitled to his portion of the sale of the house?	None Questions,Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	West Virginia
I'm being wrongfully evicted and harrassed by my apartment manager. What can I do to fight back legally?	Leasing Questions	Missouri
If a couple is married and is separated for 32 years, are they automatically divorced? If a couple is married in New York and is separated for 32 years, are they automatically divorced?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Can I sue boss for wrongly suspecting me? My boss had his tires cut twice and he told the police he thinks it might be me. I was questioned about this and I had nothing to do with it. Can I go after my boss for throwing my name out?	Criminal Questions,Personal Injury Questions	New Jersey
Is a one year marriage to an illegal citizen legal? Is a one year marriage to an illegal citizen legal?	Immigration Questions	California
What recourse do I have to collect the invested monies when the he Managing Member closed it? I invested 100,000.00 in a restaurant in 2007 that was an LLC.  The Managing Member closed the restaurant without even a word to me.  What recourse do I have to collect the monies?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Do I need a doctor's note for my work?  I just started a new job and went to my doctor during lunch to get a prescription filled. Well another employee told my boss I was getting pain killers for my neck, which I have been taking for 17 years since a car accident and cervical surgery. I'm always driving cars and working in mechanic shops with no problems. The boss told me get a note from my doctor, saying I can drive cars while on the same meds I've been on for years. Can they do this? He told me to leave work until I had this note.	Employment Questions	Florida
What rights do the renters have if the landlord passes away and his kids want to sell the property? What rights do the renters have if the landlord passes away and his kids want to sell the property?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding starting a company with a friend who lived in Germany? Hello,About 2 years ago, I started a company with a friend who actually lived in Germany. I registered the company in Wyoming and put him on the papers, we never signed an operating agreement. I have never paid any taxes on it since we never finished the project. There is no copyright, or assets or anything that belongs to the company and should be divided among us. What is my situation in terms of taxes? Can I just run the company without him even if he is on the papers?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New Jersey
How to sponsor Ukrainian photographer for startup? I would like to sponsor a Ukrainian photographer with whom I worked with while traveling abroad to help me with startup computer graphics and photos for my business, 4-6 months. How do I do it?  I have looked at the government web sites and they seem very convoluted.	Employment Questions,Immigration Questions	Washington
Am I responsible for the payment of the tub if I told my landlord the tub felt strange just before I slipped and fell? My landlord is trying to get money from me for a tub. I slipped and fell in and it cracked, But before I slipped and fell, I told her the tub felt strange. She never came out to look at and at the time. This happened & my lease was up. Am I responsible for the tub?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Do I have to give a 30-day notice if my lease is up soon? My lease is up June 1, 2012. Do I have to give a 30 day notice by law?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I file an I130 and an I485 at the same time if I want to petition for my stepdaughter? I am a US citizen and want to petition for my 16 year old stepdaughter. Can I file an I130 and an I485 at the same time and is there a fee for the I485?	Immigration Questions	Indiana
If I sign a contract in Colorado with an out of state company for services, do I have three business days to cancel the contract? What is the law called that allow me to do this?	Contract Questions	Colorado
Issues regarding taking over someone's car payment? I was taking over a car payment for someone. I gave him a security deposit of $2,000.	Financial Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I need permission from the artist to put their videos on my show or can I just get them by downloading them off of youtube? I have a gospel music tv show that premiers next month. Do I need permission from the artist to put their videos on my show or can I just get them by downloading them off of youtube?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What do we do about my dads things since he passed with no Will? My dad passed & left no Will. We were heard there may be a need for an Administrator of his estate. It's just me and my two brothers. Mainly it's the house and two vehicles that are in his name. Since it's so small, do we really need to that and can we do that on our own or without going to court?	Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Can an employer take out tab monies from a last paycheck in which an employee was terminated? Can an employer take out tab monies from a last paycheck in which an employee was terminated?	Employment Questions	California
Question regarding my neighbor planting bushes with some on my property? My neighbor planted bushes. Some are in the easement and some are on my property. She wants them 8 ft high and i want them 4 ft high. Who has the rights to them even it she planted them?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I sue for loss of future earnings for a job that the employer failed to tell me that someone else had it? Last Thursday I was contacted by a company promising a job guaranteed 40 hours a week. Seeing it was a better opportunity in the position I was currently I left my job to pursue the other opportunity. After having worked 1 day I was called and told that somebody else has already filled the position. I was not aware that other people were being pursued or I would not have quit my Job. I am going to try to get my other job back. But if I can not can I sue for loss of future earnings?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Can the company attain a judgement against me personally? I signed advertising contracts as manager of a mortgage company I did not own. The owner closed the company and I am now being hounded to pay these debts. I was never asked for my ss number. I live in California. Can they attain a judgement against me personally?	Employment Questions	California
How do i go about getting my son's father's rights terminated? How do i go about getting my son's father's rights terminated? He's already had them suspended for failing drug test and they keep giving his rights back as he appeals them.	Family Questions	Michigan
if my parents have considered me to be in a contract, can they legally search and rummage my room? This is about a "rental agreement." I am about to start a full time job and am living at home in a space provided to me by my parents until such a time as I can afford to rent my own place. Recently, my parents entered me into a word of mouth "contract" that I was not privy to, about renting the room they allowed me to use. It has also come to my attention that they are searching y room for food and other things they feel are not appropriate items to be in a room. What I would like to know is if they have considered me to be in this "contract," can they legally search my room and go through my things?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What do I do to get on the property if my husband says I'm on the deed but it's only him? We live in Arkansas and my husband is the only person on the deed, yet he said that I was on the deed.  I have paid half for the past 9 years.  What do I do to get on the property?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What to do with husband and our financial troubles? My husband and I have been married for almost 2 Years legally but 18 years living together. We have a son, 19, inn college. My dad is sick and they both are my dependents. We both own a home and we both have 401 k and last year he invested in a Duplex with a family member just to invest. This is the only property and he used 30k from his 401k now. He wants to live as is. He's  not happy with me and said that I can keep the house and keep paying the mortgage payment. I only work 32 hrs a week and pay for all bills and expenses on the house. I'm also been verbally abused by him. Do I get any kind of help? I'm in a bad situation economical can not afford a mortgage payment.	Family Questions	California
Am I libel  for this problem? What is my responsibility for an water line broken by a sub-contractor on my project? The water company came and repaired it. Now a neighbor is going to sue me for damage to his water heater and other damage he claims occurred to his home.	Commercial Questions	California
Can I sue employer for wrongful termination? I was working at my last job for over 10 months. I was terminated due to failure to notify my employer of a absence. I notified my employer a week in advance. I also told my supervisor 3 days in advance of my 1 day absence. I also called in the day schedule to work to make sure my boss fully understood and my calls were refused so the next day I spoke to my boss and was told the reason she did not call me back cause I was terminated. I got denied unemployment so I appeal my decision and referre clerk reversed the decision and said my job had insufficient evidence so now I get unemployment.	Employment Questions	Florida
Does a bystander, like a doctor, have duty to aid an injured stranger who is in distress?	Personal Injury Questions	New Jersey
Can I start new business while on unemployment? I am receiving unemployment.  Is it OK if I try to start my new business while on unemployment?  And if so how do I handle the unemployment side of it?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Legal Questions,Workers Comp Questions	North Carolina
Changing name on Driver's License Question? I am 76 yrs old and have been told that I cannot get a driver's LC in the state of FL without changing my name to match my birth certificate. How do I do that after all these years and why?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is chain of custody broken if police leave evidence at house? The police raised my house but left a bag of evidence that was on the form that shows all they took. Does that mean chain of custody was broken? Also does that mean all other evidence they took is void as well?	Criminal Questions	Montana
Can I obtain divorce without attorney? I have been legally separated for 4 years. Can I obtain a divorce without hiring an attorney? My boyfriend has been separated for 10 years but never obtained a legal separation. Is that necessary before he can get a divorce? We have both lived in South Carolina for over 10 years.	Family Questions	South Carolina
Can I deed my house to someone else when I still owe a mortgage?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
How long will a copyright last on an original song, and can that copyright be challenged if song is on YouTube or downloaded via internet?	Copyright Questions	Nevada
Can my old HOA sue me for unpaid fees if I foreclosed on my condo in California? Can my old HOA sue me for unpaid fees if I foreclosed on my condo in California?	Real Estate Questions	California
We're making cookbooks for a fundraiser with proceeds going to LLS 1. Do materials need a copyright if use this way?  2. How do we go about getting one?  4. What do we need to know about copyright infringement?  5. Can we use disclaimers "may have unknowingly used material that may be copyrighted"?	Copyright Questions	Ohio
Can I use another company's Non-Disclosure Agreement (with their permission) and modify it for my own company? Can I use another company's Non-Disclosure Agreement (with their permission) and modify it for my own company?  Or must I have an attorney create one specifically for my company?	Privacy Questions	Georgia
Can I have a bank account if I owe back taxes? Can I have a bank account if I owe back taxes?	Tax Questions	New York
Can I sue the state cause I fell on their property and tore the skin off my elbow? Can I sue the state I fell on their property, tore the skin off my elbow and the possibility of 2 cracked and re-injured an old back injury?  Now I am so sore and can hardly move. No accident was ever made at the food stamp but the er called and confirmed I had fallen there and they said they knew about it.	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Can a family member of a defendant in custody file a marsden motion? Can a family member of a defendant in custody file a marsden motion?	Criminal Questions	California
Legal for our employer to not give us our paid vacation because she can't afford it? I am full time employee at a convenient store and after  one year I received a paid vacation. But this year when this vacation came around my employer took our vacation away because she says she cannot afford it. I am still a full time employee at this job. Is this legal for her to do this with no warning? I also get no breaks at this job for a sit down lunch.	Employment Questions	Missouri
Can my grandfather move in with us if my ill father can't live alone but we have a disabled grandson? My father is ill and can't live alone anymore. We plan on moving in with him but he lives in a park, he's 55 and we have custody of our 18-year-old disabled grandson. Can he move in with us?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
As a beneficiary what are my rights to a will? As a beneficiary what are my rights to a will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Why would my son be asked to pay for doctor bills after he was hit in a crosswalk by a car that ran a light? Why would my son be asked to pay for doctor bills after he was hit in a crosswalk by a car that ran a red light?	Personal Injury Questions	Washington
If I hired a lawyer & now want to fire him, do I have to pay him? If I hired a lawyer & now want to fire him, do I have to pay him?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can a revocable living trust be amended or up-dated for the trustees of the living trust? Can a revocable living trust be amended or up-dated for the trustees of the living trust?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it too late to sue for a medical malpractice lawsuit if I didn't file it within the six month time limit? Is it too late to sue for a medical malpractice lawsuit if I didn't file it within the six month time limit?	Personal Injury Questions	California
I have a contract which deals with transportation services and rates. In the introduction page which is part of the contract it states pc miler as the mileage system used. Appendix A where the rates are located it states Rand McNally mileage system shall be used. Which one rules?	Contract Questions	Georgia
What steps do I have to take to change my daughter's last name to mine? What steps do I have to take to change my daughter's last name to mine?	Family Questions	California
I am being threatened by an ex boyfriend. He has been sending me threatening emails. How do I legally go about stopping him? Is this considered a federal thing? He lives in another state. He has been in trouble with the law before and he follows through with his threats. I'm not sure where to start.	Criminal Questions,Internet Law Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Ohio
How do I cancel the child support order? I have a child support order in place for my daughter. However her father and I have worked out our differences and have gotten married. How do I cancel the child support order?	Family Questions	New York
How can I get my son back after false accusations got him taken away?  How can I get my son back after false accusations got him taken away?  Someone told police something that was untrue and landed me in a behavioral center for three days so my son was given to my ex husband when I have full custody of him before!	Family Questions	California
What to do if an employee who claims no lunch, no breaks, etc.? We need help with an employee who claims no lunch, no breaks, etc. I need help.	Employment Questions	California
Legal if I was hired as a full time employee and now my hours are reduced to only eight hours a week? I was hired as a full time employee and now my hours are reduced to only eight hours a week. is that okay for an employer to do that?	Employment Questions	California
Can I get restraining order dropped? My wife has a restraining order against me, she talked to me on the phone and has met me on several occasions about reconciliation. Can I get the order dropped?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions,Internet Law Questions,Legal Questions	West Virginia
Lifetime Bally's membership invalid at LA Fitness after buy-out. I bought a lifetime Bally's Gym membership in 1983. I've used Bally's Gym regularly since. LA Fitness bought most of Bally's locations in PA and NJ including the one I attend effective 12/01/11. Yesterday an LA Fitness clerk told me my lifetime membership isn't valid at LA Fitness. Can they do that?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a company refuse to give you a copy of your signed yearly review? Can a company refuse to give you a copy of your signed yearly review claiming it is their form and therefore not to be given out?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding my money taken on false drug charges? My money was taken on false drug charges. in the police report there is no mention of this.  I have bank documentation that shows my money was withdrawn from my bank account.  Is it illegal for the police to take this money with no charges filed? And can i sue it has been about two and a half years? Thank you for your time	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Can you work PRN 40+ hours on the schedule and be considered PRN? Can you work PRN 40+ hours on the schedule and be considered PRN?	Employment Questions	Indiana
If I file bankrupt on my business can my home that I own with my wife, but is not in my name, be touched? If I file bankrupt on my small business can my home that i own with my wife but is not in my name be touched?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
With a breach of rental contract apartment, how much should lessee pay? With a breach of rental contract apartment, how much should lessee pay?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can your job fire you for posting photos on Facebook when you are not on the job? Can your job fire you for posting photos on Facebook when you are not on the job?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What to do if I provided service unknowingly to two drug dealers by setting up trucking co.? i had a business as a consultant in transportation. I provided service unknowingly to two drug dealers by setting up trucking co. Now I am on trial with them.	Criminal Questions	Virginia
How to proceed with continuance rights? What are my rights in seeking a continuance and how do I go about getting them granted?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Is there legal binding to old contract if payment exchanged but no new contract signed? Previously, we had a 1 year contract with our client.  After the year expired we sent them a new contract to sign, but they decided not to sign the new contract.  Without signing a new contract they decided to pay us the annual licensing and support fees to use our software.Question:  If they paid us the annual licensing and support fees and we accepted payment, is there a legal binding to the terms of the old contract?	California Questions,Contract Questions,Software Questions,Technology Questions	California
How do I get a copy of my Marital Settlement Agreements in a divorce? How do I get a copy of my Marital Settlement Agreements in a divorce?	Family Questions	Florida
Can someone withhold a title to a vehicle after it has been paid for? Can someone withhold a title to a vehicle after it has been paid for?	Consumer Questions	California
With a notice to quit, do I have 3 days, 30 days or 90 days? With a notice to quit, do I have 3 days, 30 days or 90 days?	Real Estate Questions	California
I need to copyright a bumper sticker.  What steps should I take?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	New Jersey
If I am unemployed for 4 months out of the year, am I still entitled to receive overtime? I work for a custom farming company. I drive a semi and work about 60 to 90 hrs a week. I am unemployed for 4 months out of the year am i still entitled to receive overtime	Employment Questions	California
Is it illegal to drive a vehicle with a cracked windshield in Florida? Is it illegal to drive a vehicle with a cracked windshield in Florida?	Criminal Questions	Florida
If a Will was drawn up by an attorney with a Firm & that person leaves, do they return the will to you?  If you had a Will drawn up by an attorney with a Law Firm and that person leaves the firm, do they return the Will to you? Is this Will still a legal document or do you have to find another attorney?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
In what situations is co-founder listed as such after they leave company? After a co-founder leaves a company, is there any obligation on the company's part to list that co-founder in it's website or other materials if the operating agreement is silent on the issue?	Business Internet Questions,Corporate Questions,Internet Questions,Partnership Questions	Illinois
if two tenants share an apartment and both are on the lease, can one kick the other out? if two tenants share an apartment and both are on the lease, can one kick the other out?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
If my husband has tried to get in this country two times can I legally bring him to this country? I want to know if my husband has tried to get in this country two times can I legally bring him to this country after he has been deported two times?	Immigration Questions	New York
What should I do if my boss is underpaying me? I started a new job a month ago and I believe that I am an employee not an independent contractor even though that's what thy were calling me. I was promised at least $2000 a month of pay and now I've found out that I will only be paid about $500 for a whole month of work. Should I accept the check that my boss will give me tomorrow or is that in a way giving them my approval? I plan on taking this to workman's comp. I just wanted to know what to do.	Employment Questions	California
How do I object to a judge's findings and order after hearing in Orange County, CA? How do I object to a judge's findings and order after hearing in Orange County, CA?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What to do if my motorcycle was towed and the shop refuses to give me the bike and charging me? My motorcycle was towed when I went to pick it up they said they were closed and refusing to give me the bike and they don't open until 2 days later charging me the days they were closed. Is there anyway around that or is it even legal?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Could a Cuban permanent resident claim her sister in Cuba? Could a Cuban permanent resident claim her sister in Cuba? They both are adults and one sister is here as legal permanent resident while the other one is in Cuba. please let me know. Thank you	Immigration Questions	Florida
What do "Application to condemn" and "PRAECIPE" mean in legal papers? On a court legal page, what does it mean "Application to condemn"?   Also "PRAECIPE " is used there. What does that mean?	Financial Questions,Legal Questions	Iowa
Should the landlord, by law, be giving me the interest annually on both amounts or just the damage deposit?  I am a renter & gave my landlord first months rent and 1000 as a deposit.  ($2275 total) in October 2008.  Should I be receiving interest on that money annually?   Should the landlord, by law, be giving me the interest annually on both amounts or just the damage deposit?  Should he have given me proof the money is in a separate interest bearing account?  I am a tenant at will and do not have a lease.  Thank you for your help.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
If you have no lease can your landlord sue you for back payments? If you have no lease can your landlord sue you for back payments?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
We tried to cancel our fitness membership by certified mail, but they are still charging us. What do we do? My husband enrolled in Synergy fitness center, NY, in 2009 (1 year contract). We moved to MA in April 2010. He cancelled his membership by certified mail and he checked the USPS website to make sure the letter had arrived before we moved. Recently we found the fitness center is still charging us $36 every month. We called the manager and he asked for proof of that cancelling letter. It has been two years we can't find either the receipt or the contract. What shall we do to get our money back? Do we need to send another cancelling mail?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
If I own a rental property and the tenant was arrested, Can I enter the property to check condition? If I own a rental property and the tenant was arrested, Can I enter the property to check condition?	Criminal Questions	California
if you leave money to someone who is not your child can the real children contest it? if you leave money to someone who is not your child can the real children contest it?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Is trust written in one state valid in another? Is a trust written in one state valid in another?What about the durable power of attorney form and POA for health care?	Wills and Trusts Questions	West Virginia
What happens if I win Superior Court appeal after winning small claims? If my small claims suit is won and the defendant appeals to Superior Court, can I get more money if I win in Superior Court?	Appellate Practice Questions	Georgia
What is legal age for tubal ligation in CA? What is the legal age to get my tubes tied in California?	Health Care Questions	California
Supervisor treats me differently, creates hostile work environment. I have a supervisor at my job that treats me differently than everyone else and creates a hostile work environment. I have gone to upper management and they have placed the blame on my personality saying that I need to dumb myself down. Can I sue them?	Employment Questions	New York
Do parents of a child born out of wedlock, with paternity and no formal custody, have equal rights? Do parents of a child born out of wedlock, with established paternity and no formal/legal custody, have equal rights?	Family Questions	Kentucky
What else can be done to enforce child support to actually be paid after its been so ordered? What else can be done to enforce child support to actually be paid after its been so ordered in the state of VA? This father is already 2 years behind and was suppose to start payments in June of this yr (last mo.) And has made no effort or attempt to do so. He laughed when I asked about it. And he works for himself getting paid mainly through paypal. He lied to dss about employment and is not doing anything to help at all. We have four kids that i am taking care of myself! His part is greatly needed. What else can be done? He is doing nothing!	Family Questions	Virginia
Can I sue a nightclub for denying admittance to me because I am not wearing high heel shoes?  Can I legitimately sue a nightclub for denying admittance to me because I am not wearing high heel shoes? The information was not listed on their website or told to me when I called to rsvp for the guest list.	Criminal Questions	Florida
How many days notice given before filing eviction? I need to evict a tenant in McDowell County NC. How many days notice am I required to give them, before I can file the eviction papers?	Leasing Questions	North Carolina
I live in Michigan, and lived in a motel for 9 months after a breakup. I paid a monthly rent, and the owners made my status tax exempt so they and I would not have to pay sales tax. When I could not afford to live there, they charged me with defrauding an inkeeper. Is this a legitimate charge?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
I made my daughter a baby doll from one of my recycled band t-shirts. the doll was a big hit with friends and family. They have urged me to make more and sell them. I would like to sell them in a store. What is the law on my using my old band t-shirts with the band logo on them?	Intellectual Property Questions,Product Liability Questions,Trademark Questions	Delaware
What should I do if concerned about asbestos in my apartment?  I'm renting an apartment in southern California that was built in the 1950's. If I'm concerned about the presence of asbestos, what should I do?	Leasing Questions	California
What can I do if the title of my late-husband's truck is only in his name and I want to sell it? I need help with selling my dead husband's truck.  I have a marriage license but the death certificate says never been married.  The title of the truck is only in his name.  What can I do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I get restraining order for ex's harassment? My ex-boyfriend is stalking me and harassing me. He tells me what I did that day. He threatens me with rape and says he is going to have me murdered. I've blocked his number, e-mails, Facebook, etc. but he has other people act as his voice or change accounts/number. Can I get a restraining order?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions,Legal Questions,Partnership Questions,Security Questions	Texas
Can manufacturer have discounts based on volume? Can a manufacturer have differing discounts based on volume, within competitors in the same class of trade (i.e. wholesalers)?	Antitrust Law Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Pennsylvania
If I am getting ready to hire 60 people, can i legally take pictures of the ones I interview? If I am getting ready to hire 60 people for a restaurant, can i legally take pictures of the ones I interview?	Employment Questions	Florida
in contract law, if the interest line of a real estate sales agreement is left blank, even after two changes to the contract, may we derive 0% interest.

case law? nj	Antitrust Law Questions,Banking Law Questions,Contract Questions	New Jersey
Is it true that my Mom can go to a title Co. to have my Dad's name taken off the deed to the house?  Is it true that my Mom can go to a title Co. to have my Dad's name taken off the deed to the house? He died in 1996. it is a Living trust. Does she have to take his name off?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Will my husband still continue to be responsible for the mortgage after the divorce? Will my husband still continue to be responsible for the mortgage after the divorce?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have any recourse to recover the difference between what they sold it for and the "reasonable" price for the vehicle at that time? I voluntarily surrendered by car, in an attempt to improve my finances.  I had a buyer lined up to purchase the car and understood that I would be responsible for the difference between the sale and what I owed to the financer. The Financer denied my request to sell, took possession of the vehicle, and sold it for thousands less than my buyer would have paid and is, as understood, holding me responsible for the balance. Do I have any recourse, specifically to recover the difference between what they sold it for and what I could have or the "reasonable" price for the vehicle at that time?	Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Questions	California
Are rights to NPR broadcasts obtainable for film use? What are the laws regarding the use of excerpted npr news broadcasts in a motion picture? If the rights are obtainable, how do I obtain them? Does each news reporter have any legal ownership of their voice on the radio?	Copyright Questions,Entertainment Law Questions,Media & Entertainment Questions,Music/Audio Questions,Trademark Questions	California
What can friend on probation do to avoid jail time when turning self in for disorderly conduct? A friend of mine is on probation. One day she got a disorderly conduct. She called her PO, who advised her to turn herself in to jail. Is there a procedure or another action she can do where she doesn't have to do jail time if she does turn herself in? Will this show up when applying for a job?	Criminal Questions,Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it a legal search of a car if the cop does not let you watch him search the vehicle? Is it a legal search of a car if the cop does not let you watch him search the vehicle?	Criminal Questions	Utah
After getting a decision from the state bar is that decision final? After getting a decision from the state bar is that decision final or is there somewhere else I can go to after talking to them?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Alabama
Can I call the police for my partner stealing company property? I have a partner who works full-time and I work part who has decided to embezzle money by giving herself a pay increase and make decisions behind my back. For the company to sustain, I have not been taking my income, but never advised that I would not expect it once the company made enough money. She did something on her own as a last straw and I took $1K out of the bank, invoicing that it was 2 months of service rendered. She in return has taking the server and equipment and claims she is protecting the assets of the company. We have no operating agreement in place. Can I call the police for her stealing company property?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Illinois
Will I lose my job if I have only been at my job for four months and I fell at home and broke my arm? I have only been at my job for four months and I fell at home and broke my arm. Will I lose my job? i have to have surgery.	Employment Questions	Oregon
Can a school tell a parent they can't have transcripts cause the other parents says that they can't? Can a school tell a parent that they cannot have transcripts just because the other parents says that they can't?	Family Questions	Florida
What to do when a cop lies to you? What to do when a cop lies to you?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
What can I do to get custody of my grandchild? I am a grandmother of a 9-year-old child. What can I do to get custody of this child?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
What should we do if my family and I were involved in a bus accident? My family and I were involved in a bus accident. What should we do?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can I get evicted if I don't want renters insurance? Can I get evicted if I don't want renters insurance?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can we claim house in bankruptcy? Our house is not for sale, not in foreclosure, not in short sale mode. We are two payments in arrears. B of A sent us a 30 day COLLECTION Agency notice stating the full amount owing on our house is due. Can we claim a house in a bankruptcy? Would the house debt be discharged? Kalispell, Montana	Bankruptcy Questions	Montana
I want to know if there is such thing as part-time restaurant union workers. Do part-time workers qualify from a joining worker's union?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	California
Who is responsible for property taxes on Rent to Own property, Buyer or Seller? Who is responsible for property taxes on Rent to Own property, Buyer or Seller?	Real Estate Questions	West Virginia
Child support question I am in NY paying $900 a month in child support to one ex for my three kids.  I'm Divorcing my second wife who I have one kid with.  What percentage of my income is the second wife entitled for support, for my fourth kid according to NY state law?	Family Questions	New York
Possible to get spousal support & make my husband pay my attorney fees if we make the same wages? My soon to be ex-husband and I make the same wages. Is it possible to ask and get spousal support and makehim pay my attorney fees?	Family Questions	California
Is it possible for me to get out of my contract? I signed a 5 year contract for a home security system with Platinum Protection in March 2010. Their sales person said and also wrote down on the signup packet folder that they would add a camera at no cost around April or May and initialed it. However, I never received a camera and they never even responded to me despite of my multiple trials to contact them. Finally I got hold of them today and told them I would like to cancel the contract because I feel that they breached the contract, but they said that Platinum Protection was bought by Monitornics and Monitronics is only responsible for what is on the contract and not responsible for what the salesperson said or wrote on the folder. Is it possible for me to get out of the contract?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Should I go to small claims court if my son's summer camp lost his shoes and it's been four weeks already? My son went to went to summer camp this summer and on the first day of swimming class the camp lost his shoes. I have been trying for four weeks to get this resolved. Should I go to small claims court with case?	Consumer Questions	New York
How to protect company name if other companies have same name but different industry? I am incorporated with the name "Compliance Consulting Services, Inc." We help manufacturing firms with OSHA & EPA compliance.  There is another firm based India & California that has the exact same name. They do government contract types of compliance service.  What should I do to protect my name?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	Indiana
if i sue my employer can they fire me for suing? if i sue my employer can they fire me for suing?	Employment Questions	New York
Question regarding providing negative feedback on a physician and sued for defamation and slander? I received a letter from a physician I went to - - I provided negative feedback on the physician on "Health Grades" and others. I believe my commentary is honest and justified.  I received a letter from the physician stating that if I do not immediately retract and remove any of the writings to this website and other that I will be sued for monetary damages for defamation of character, liable, and possible slander.  What can and should I do?Colorado	Personal Injury Questions	Colorado
What rights do I have if I'm visually impaired person and my employer has the elevator out of service? I'm a visually impaired person, I've worked at my current employer for the past six years. I've always used the elevator to get to my work station.The elevator has been out of service for two weeks. I've been advised it will not be repaired for quite sometime due to the cost. My employer is a large Dental Practice with ten clinics throughout the state so I find this to be a poor excuse. What rights do I have or what is my recourse?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
True that FL is one of the states that doesn't give vacation pay when terminated? In the satate of florida I need to know.I was terminated from a job, which I had earned 54 vacation hours. When I called the corporate this morning, she told me Florida is one of the states they don't give you vacation pay if you are terminated. Is this true?	Employment Questions	Florida
How come a lawyer will not sue another lawyer but they steal other lawyer clients & lie to each other? How come a lawyer will not sue another lawyer but they steal other lawyer clients & lie to each other?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I apply to get child support from the father of my 2 children in the state of CT? Hello. How do I apply to get child support from the father of my 2 children in the state of CT?	Family Questions	Connecticut
Can a dentist give a patient a Starbucks gift card for a referral of another patient? Can a dentist give a patient a Starbucks gift card for a referral of another patient?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Virginia
After my baby is born in the U.S., can I take her to Jamaica West Indies to live with her grandmother indefinitely? After my baby is born in the U.S., can I take her to Jamaica West Indies to live with her grandmother indefinitely?	Immigration Questions	New York
Can startup have proprietary rights transfer agreement signed prior to equity agreement? Can a startup company with sweat equity independent contractors get the ICs to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to an Equity Agreement being agreed upon? What would the consideration be (since no equity or fees have been agreed upon btwn company and ICs)? My client is still about a month away from making an actual equity offer to his independent contractors, but he wants to have the code they have developed for his web-based product to be secured/transferred to the company.	Contract Questions,Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Internet Questions,Trade Secret Questions	California
Can any attorney help me claim or protect other IP values in addition to the service mark described below? Can any attorney help me claim or protect other IP values in addition to the service mark described below?Many companies are facing severe issues. The root problems associated with these issues can be derived from ineffectiveness of the existing organizational structure and HR system. A new organizational structure and new HR performance management system named as xxxTeamSM are thus proposed for solving those deep-rooted problems. xxxTeamSM introduces a new organizational structure model and a new performance management model. These models will help a company optimize its Infrastructure and rebuild its foundation in its HR system. Practically, a 5E approach will be laid out for applying the xxxTeamSM system.zfhuang01@gmail.com	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Connecticut
Can I make my neighbor cut down his tree if it's causing me problems? Can I make my neighbor cut down his or at least trim his tree which making a huge mess and causing me medical and financial hardship?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can a judge tell you how much you must pay monthly on a settlement? can a judge tell you how much you must pay monthly on a settlement?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can I give two hockey tickets to my attorney as a gift? Can I give two hockey tickets to my attorney as a gift? My attorney is in New York.	Consumer Questions	New York
Can I start non-profit to help communities/small businesses? Can I start a non profit if the purpose of it is to help communities/small businesses get back on there feet.  If I got a piece of property for little or no money & was able to get funds via grants & fundraisers & was to remodel the building to suit a need in the town, can I lease it to a business?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	North Dakota
If someone writes and distributes a letter to your neighbors that has false aligations with the intent to harm you or your reputation is it against the law and what can we do? None	Antitrust Law Questions,Communications Questions,Criminal Questions,Family Questions,Government Questions	Texas
Can my former employer sue me for lost property if I was illegally employed and getting paid under the table? I was illegally employed and getting paid under the table. Can my former employer sue me for lost property?	Employment Questions	California
Can I move out of state with my child if no custody agreement is established? Can I move out of state with my child if no custody agreement is established?	Family Questions	Tennessee
What can I do to stay or get help if my ex is kicking me out? I live in my boyfriend house and now he found someone else and he wants to give me a thirty day notice. I don't work but do all the cleaning and cooking take care of his kids and provide all the food. What can I do to stay or get help?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
What legal action do I have if my employer hacked into my e-mail account?	Internet Law Questions,Privacy Questions	Wisconsin
Can a 'rights of survivor trust' be disputed when both trustees have passed away? Can a 'rights of survivor trust' be disputed when both trustees have passed away? however, the older (uncle) died before the nephew.  The trust was called Family Trust of the nephew	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Is our lease with our late landlord's daughter? Our landlord jut past away 1 month. ago.  His daughter supposedly took it over.  We paid rent to her although we received no paperwork (we go a receipt).  Is our lease with her?  How do we get our deposit back?  Does the original lease still stand or is there a lease at all?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What taxation from selling Delaware company shares to various parties? What will be the taxes in the States on dividends paid by Delawere company and capital gain from selling shares of Delawere company for:1. US non-resident private person?2. BVI or Panama company?3. Swiss company?4. Cyprus company?	Administrative Law Questions,Tax Questions	California
How do I go about getting a "release"? A food vending company left their vending machines in our building because Wells Fargo seized the vending machine company.  We just want them out of our company lunch room.  We were told that we need a "release" from Wells Fargo before the machines could be picked up and taken away.  How do I go about getting a "release"?	Finance Questions	Nevada
Can I fire person who announces retirement to save money? Can I fire someone after they announce they are retiring to save the money on their pay for the next few months? They are 55.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can unwed father take baby from mentally unstable mother? I'm an unwed father. If I took my baby because I believed the mother was mentally unstable, could I be arrested?	Family Questions	Arkansas
Is my ex responsible for part of the mortgage? My husband and I bought a house 4 1/2 years ago. About a years ago he split and left me with the total mortgage. Is he responsible for part of the mortgage?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can employer dictate who babysits your kids? Can an employer dictate who can and can't babysit your kids?	Employment Questions	California
Can an automatic renewal in a contract be enforceable for 10 years in the state of California?  Can an automatic renewal in a contract be enforceable for 10 years in the state of California? And, is there any law that states it has to be in bold and initialed by both parties?The Paragraph reads" the term of this lease shall be for 10 years, this lease shall be automatically renewed for the same period of time.........unless notified by registered mail 60 days prior to the expiration of the then existing term."  Can it just keep renewing its self without written notice??Thank you.Bonni	Leasing Questions	California
Can company cut pay without notifying prior to first paycheck? We were hired by a company at the rate of $11 per hour. They lost the contract and put us in another.  Without written notification, they lowered ours by $2 per hour. Are not they supposed to, by law, let us know at least 7 days prior to receiving or first cut pay check?	Employment Questions	South Carolina
How much time before realistically have to be out and Can I withhold my next payment to the Landlord? We have been paying $3,000 for the last 3 years. Our lease rolled over into a month to month. I am now 7 months pregnant, never heard from the Landlord, but we received a note on our window that our rental was going to sale in 3 weeks from the state or city. What rights do I have or how much time before realistically have to be out? Can I withhold my next payment to the Landlord? I probably will not see my security deposit ever since she has not been up board and honest with us. Thank you for your time.	Real Estate Questions	California
Is contract binding if two people listed but only one signs? If a contract states person a and person b as listed on the contract and only one person signs contract, is it binding?	Contract Questions	New Hampshire
Can my "sweat equity" be factored in having reduced my portion of the loan? I started an S-corp with my sister. I am Pres and she is VP. We bought a franchise business. We had agreed to quit our jobs to run it. She never quit her job. I quit two jobs to run the business full-time. I have spent the last five years building the business, paying the debt, expenses & labor. She worked minimal part time. I was paid $500/mo. She was paid $325/mo. I want to plan an exit strategy. We still owe $20,000 on our SBA loan for which we signed personal guarantees. She wants me to split the loan with her. Is there any way that my "sweat equity" can be factored in as having reduced my portion of the loan?	Bankruptcy Questions,Education Questions,Employment Questions	48
What do I do if someone is slandering my name and is a illegal alien?	Immigration Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Oklahoma
Can I get the ticket dropped if the cop misspelled my middle name? Can I get the ticket dropped if the cop misspelled my middle name?	Criminal Questions	California
Can employer change pay date?  Can an employer change my pay date without notice?	Employment Questions	California
Can I sue for the monetary loss of the cost of the full breed pups? I would like to go to small claims court to sue for veterinary negligence.  My dog was misdiagnosed with a disease, but was actually pregnant with a liter of 4 puppies. Can I sue for the monetary loss of the cost of the full breed pups?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Would my blog/forum motto infringe on someone's IP? I want to start a photography blog/forum with the motto, "Be There." Does this infringe on anyone's IP?	Intellectual Property Questions	Oregon
We just moved in this house 2 weeks ago and do not like the area. I feel like living here is unsafe for my kids but the only thing stopping us from leaving is the fact that we sign a lease. Is there anything we can do because I don't want this on my credit report.	Consumer Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Should I contact a lawyer now before they clean up the mess or after? A drilling company company sprayed oil on my house, cars, camper, swimming pool, and kids swing sets. I have contacted the company and the corporation commission about this problem. After several attempts the company has decided to try and clean it up. If it doesn't clean up or come off my personal property what should I do? Should I contact a lawyer now before they clean it or after?	Product Liability Questions,Real Estate Questions	Oklahoma
What is the best way of going about getting on child support? What is the best way of going about getting on child support?	Family Questions	Virginia
Question about employment? My employer took away my medical insurance, my vacation time and put me at a part time level on my job without cause. My daughter needed surgery & had no one to take care of her after. The surgery was complicated &n; her doctor filled out forms to the effect that my daughter needed me to be with her for 2 weeks. The HR Dept at my employment said I could just fill out the FLMA forms & as long as the Doctor filled out forms it would be fine.  Nothing else was said then or at any other time. Just last week the head of HR came to me and said that my FLMA was denied. She also said that she herself had sent out a letter to me stating that fact, after I had returned to work.  I can't fit everything in this space.........how can I contact with rest?	Employment Questions	New York
What do I do if a car rear-ended me and they don't want to give enough to replace? I got rear ended. They don't want to give enough to replace my car. What do I do next? I need more money. My car has been maintained meticulously and has over 6000 in repairs in just the last 20000 mi.	Personal Injury Questions	California
For CA eviction notice, can landlord add late fees and other charges to 3 day notice?  For CA eviction notice, can landlord add late fees and other charges to 3 day notice? Management company wants to evict due to non payment. Rent is paid in full, late fees have not. They expect full payment which includes late fees or start process. 3 day notice reflects charges unknown since rent is paid. They look like for late fees. I thought landlord can only place unpaid rent to notices.Tried resolving by asking for clarity of charges. Given the run around or can't speak to a person about charges they are attempting to recover.This situation is happening with my sister with a child. I would like to also find qualified legal representation for her to resolve this issue fast!	Real Estate Questions	California
If temporary child support order expires, does it revert back to original order or new one? If there is a child support order done in 1999 and then a temporary order is done in 2002 and it expires in 2007, do you revert back to the original order or do you get a new order?	Family Questions	Georgia
When calling out sick, can an employer make you work an extra day to make up for being out sick? When calling out sick, can a employer make you work an extra day to make up for being out sick?	Employment Questions	California
Will those judgements that are against my name be withdrawn after 7 years in CA? I am selling my home and there are judgements against my name. Will those judgements be withdrawn after 7 years in CA?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I go to Staples and pick up a form and fill it out and then have it notarized as POA for my dad?  My dad is 84 years old and I need to get him a power of attorney paper for him to sign. Can I go to Staples and pick up a form and and fill out and then have it notarized? and would it be legal enough when he dies?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Is voluntary repossession better than involuntary? I can't afford to keep my car. Is it better to do a "voluntary repo" or just let them decide to repossess it and come get it? And how do I do it?	Bankruptcy Questions,Commercial Questions,Consumer Questions	Colorado
May I start using "patent pending", or do I need to wait for some additional word from the USPTO?  I recently files a provisional patent application.  I have the digital receipt from the USPTO, but have not received any other follow-up information.  May I start using "patent pending" NOW, or do I need to wait for some additional word from the USPTO?  Thanks!	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Can inmate plead 5th or refuse to testify without being charged? My brother is a inmate at St. Cloud, MN Prison. He took a 74-month commit to testify in a case. Can he plea the 5th if he wants to or will he charged if he doesn't testify? He heard you should get compensation of $20 a day for the trial plus work salary rate pay and travel fees. Is that true?My brother's name is Kevin Lyke.	Administrative Law Questions,Consulting Law Questions,Criminal Questions,Government Questions,Legal Questions	Minnesota
What to do if there are people who are using communications inside my home & police did nothing? There are several people who are using communications inside of my home. I have contacted the police several to times because of this. I have recordings and camcord recordings and nothing has been done. The police have heard this inside my house and have made jokes to the people. I have lost five kids to the state because of the games that were played by these people.	Criminal Questions	Florida
What legal considerations need to be made before I sell shares? I have recently started a software company and have several family and friends who would like to invest.  I would like to offer shares for sale for a given price.  What legal considerations need to be made before I sell shares?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Texas
Please explain legal term "RICO''? Please explain legal term "RICO''?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Would I have a chance to get car back or for her to be made to sign a lean if I took her to court ? I recently sold a car to a girl we made a contract out and got it notarized and I want her to sign a lean but she won't.  And not knowing anything about the situation I signed the title over to her going on her trust.  Would I have a chance to get car back or for her to be made to sign a lean if I took her to court ?	Finance Questions,Product Liability Questions	Florida
Do I have a lawsuit if I was struck by car walking into a market that has no crosswalks for pedestrians? Do I have a lawsuit if I was struck by car walking into a market that has no crosswalks for pedestrians?	Personal Injury Questions	Rhode Island
I want to name my business after my daughter, but can others with that same name file legal action for ownership? I want to name my business after my daughter, (Maya) but can others with that same name file legal action for ownership?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
How can I legally use someone's artistic design commercial? What legal steps to i have to take to when using some ones artistic design commercial?	Commercial Questions,Computer Law Questions,Contract Questions,Copyright Questions,Legal Questions	Michigan
What do I do if my son's work served him alcohol and allowed to drive home? I just found out that my 17-year-old son was served alcohol at the restaurant where he works as a buser.  He was served at least 3 drinks and then allowed to drive home.  The Manager on duty was one of the Adults who served him. What do I  do now?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Who pays back overpay if 3rd party payroll provider at fault? I was overpaid a minimal amount on my paycheck for a few months. I was told that it is the 3rd party payroll providers fault. Legally do I have to pay it back? Or can they find the payroll provider at fault and charge them the money?	Employment Questions	Texas
For 6 years, a medical lawsuit regarding Herb's Palsy on my 6 year old grandson has been in limbo.  With two meetings and a couple of phone calls nothing has been accomplished, even a court date.  My question  is if another lawyer is contracted, does the first lawyer still get a third ?	Health Care Questions,Litigation Law Questions	New York
My wife works at a hospital and the hospital is trying to institute a new policy that every employee must get a flu shot (which my wife is against) and that anyone not getting the shot will not be allowed to work at that hospital. Is that legal?  What recourse might she have? My wife works at a hospital and the hospital is trying to institute a new employee policy that every employee must get a flu shot (which my wife is against) and that anyone not getting the shot will not be allowed to work at that hospital. Is that legal?  What recourse might she have?	Administrative Law Questions,Employment Questions,Health Care Questions,Legal Questions,Privacy Questions	Maryland
I'm a counselor who is really drawn to this idea of being able to counsel people online. However, I'm not sure if there are laws prohibiting this, as I am licensed to practice in Wisconsin. Can I service people from other states who need help? Are there any restrictions that I need to worry about? None	Corporate Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Health Care Questions,Internet Questions,Internet Law Questions	Wisconsin
Brother with POA will not give me money to care for father. I am taking care of my father after triple bypass and a stroke. My brother has power of attorney. He does not give me the money I need to take care of him and compensates me none for doing this. My dad will not stand up to him. What should I do?  Can I get power of attorney since I take care of him	Family Questions,Financial Questions,Health Care Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Arkansas
Can I make family help me with housing and food if disabled? I am a 76-year-old male who is disabled. Can my family be made to help me with housing, food, etc?	Administrative Law Questions,Health Care Questions	North Carolina
What recourse available when county aide replaces only immediate family as beneficiary? My aunt just got placed in a SNF diagnosis of dementia. She has had a county aide for two years.  The aide just told us that she is the beneficiary of my aunt: $35,000 life insurance policy. Do we have any recourse since my mom is the only immediate family and was the beneficiary?	Financial Questions,Health Care Questions	Florida
Is teaching contract null and void if both parties don't sign by deadline? I have a one year contract as a teacher. It states in the contract that it must be signed by April 15th, however it wasn't signed by both parties until April 29th.  Does it mean that the contract is null and void?	Contract Questions,Education Questions	Texas
Anything I can do if my ex moved out of state and isn't working with me to set up a visitation schedule? My ex-wife moved out of state and is not working with me to set up a visitation schedule with me. She won't even give me the address to where my kids live. Is there anything I can do?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What does reopen judgement set aside mean? What does reopen judgement set aside mean?	Litigation Law Questions	Missouri
Is it possible my wife can get probation if she admitted and but no evidence was found? My wife is being charged with possession of meth and manufacturing (class X and class 2) but she has never been given a chance at probation. No evidence was found on her but she did admitted to it but is it possible she could get probation?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What paperwork needs to be filed if my daughter is moving out of state and leaving her child with me? My daughter is moving to Denver, Colorado and she is leaving her child here with my husband and I. What paperwork needs to be filed?	Family Questions	Colorado
If wife agrees to have the father's name put on the certificate will they still have to go to court? If the wife agrees to have the father's name put on the birth certificate will they still have to go to court? The child has the fathers last name already.	Family Questions	Alabama
If someone qualifies for house arrest, do you have to pay for it out of your pocket? If someone qualifies for house arrest, do you have to pay for it out of your pocket?	Criminal Questions	California
If a church owns a commercial property which they rent out for profit, (separate from the church building) do they then lose their 501 c 3 status and thus, obligated to begin paying into federal unemployment tax compensation funds (and possibly PA state uc funds)?	Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	Pennsylvania
What are the charges against one who has committed theft by cashing stolen money orders? What are the charges against one who has committed theft by cashing stolen money orders?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Can I sue my aunt for using my inherited money for other purposes than what was written in my grandmother's will? Can I sue my aunt for using my inherited money for other purposes than what was written in my grandmothers will?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Apartment requiring tenants pay heat back to last year. I lease an apartment that pays heat. On 1/9/11, I received 2 copies of a letter that states as of 8/1/11 we will have to pay our heating and that they will send out a bill so that we can pay that amount all the way back to August. I need to know if this is legal or not?	Consumer Questions,Leasing Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If I create a t-shirt design with the name of a town that happens to have a university of the same name, am I infringing on any university copyrights?	Copyright Questions	Alabama
What if I found out someone has used my name to get housing or utilities with my identity?  What if I found out someone has used my name to get housing or utilities with my identity? Is this illegal ?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can you get in trouble for putting copyright on a web site you created if there you have not registered the copyright?	Copyright Questions,Internet Law Questions	Kansas
My roommate of 10 years stole my copyright name to open an online business without my knowledge. Roommate erased all information from laptop. I had name since 1988 for catalog of music. She stole my name to open up online business. What should I do?	Copyright Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Trademark Questions	Ohio
What are legal issues with setting up website to manage payments internationally? I'm setting up a web site for managing payments for (real life) classes. I'd like this to work internationally, taking payments via credit card then paying out to the teacher.What kind of legal hurdles are involved with doing this internationally, say by paying out via Paypal?	eCommerce Law Questions,International Business Law Questions,Internet Law Questions	Illinois
I have an online site selling sunglasses. I carrying name brand sunglasses and I do not have an authorized dealership. I got a call from the company and they want me to remove all the sunglasses from my site. What if I keep selling these sunglasses, what will happen? Can they sue me?	eCommerce Law Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Law offices near Manhattan for misleading/false advertising lawsuit. What are some law offices that I contact near Manhattan, NY to file a lawsuit in the range of $50K-100K against a leading photo-sharing internet company for misleading/false advertising?	Advertising Law Questions,Business Internet Questions,Consumer Questions,Internet Law Questions,Litigation Law Questions	New York
What does ct1 owi-occupant less than 16 2nd or subsequent offense ct 2 DWLS mean? What does ct1 owi-occupant less than 16 2nd or subsequent offense ct 2 DWLS mean?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
By how much will judge reduce $250,000 bail? If a bail is $250,000 and a lawyer ask the judge for a reduction, how much will the judge reduce it to?	Criminal Questions	New Jersey
I had 2 horses for 10 years and 8 years. I sold one for 850 dollars I was paid only 800 . The person still owes me 50 dollars since June. The person that bought my gelding signed an agreement with me and is choosing not to pay. I have called several times. They also promised me to keep my horses. What should I do?	Contract Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Michigan
Company rejected me due to mother of child working there. Can I sue a company if they don't hire me because the mother of my child works for them?	Employment Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Texas
I was crossing the street on a green light when an on duty police officer hit me while making a left turn. He said he did not see me. My injuries are not serious but I have still been going to doctor for tests for pains i'm having. I missed time from work & he did not have on siren. Can I sue?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
How can I be charged with maintaning a drug house if no drugs were found?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Does landowner have rights to neighbor's property if he cuts grass there? If landowner A owns 160 acres and landowner A has a house that borders it, and if landowner B cuts the grass but doesn't maintain it or pay taxes on it, does landowner B have the right to get the property.? Landowner A lives there and has never abondanded it.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How to retrieve money from source that obtained through fraud? How do I retrieve money from a source that received it through fraud or deception?	Financial Questions	Georgia
Can employees be forced to work past scheduled hours? Can my employer force me to work past my scheduled hours? Also, can he add on to my job duties that are presently someone else's duties when I am already doing what use to be an 8-hour job in 6 hours.	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
How do I clear criminal record from 5 years ago? How can I clear a criminal record in Cleveland from 5 years ago so I can find a job?	Criminal Questions,Employment Questions	Ohio
How to word loan agreement signatories to protect against taking on LLC debt?  My partners and I are signing a loan agreement for a small amount of cash to start our business. In order to protect ourselves, I know we should be signing the agreement not as "individuals" but as the "representatives of the LLC". Here's my question: What is the correct legal wording for the signature portion of the agreement which will give me and my partners maximum protection from our LLC's debts becoming our own debts? Thanks.	Commercial Questions,Finance Questions,Financial Questions,Legal Questions	New York
I was hired to install audio and video equipment for a business. I submitted a proposal they accepted verbally and issued two separate checks to start the job. I started the job and 2 weeks later, the owner told me they were going with someone else they found to do it cheaper. What should I do ?	Contract Questions	Texas
Who should pay for all of my injuries? I was helping pack up a house after a sale and fell down 15 basement steps.  I was taken by ambulance to the hospital and x-rays were taken. No broken bones but I severely bruised my lower back and tailbone. I also hurt my left ankle. It was swollen and my doctor said I probably messed things up inside and to take it easy.  I had an imbalance problem from hitting my head on the concrete floor and was in physical therapy for that.  My ankle kept hurting and would swell up if I was on it too long, so I went back to my doctor who took an x-ray and found out I have a severe sprained ankle.  I am wearing an ankle brace and if it doesn't get better within a month, I have to see an Orthopedic Specialist. Who should pay for all of this?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Will the state garnish my wages from the work I'll be doing when I owe money in back child support? Hi, my name is jeremy and my question is I owe money in back child support.  I've been paying it faithfully for the past four years and paying an extra 180 a month for the arrears.  I just opened a business and I know at some point or another they will try to put a lien on my bank acct it's a sole prop acct.  How do have  a business checking acct without having them trying to put a lien on it?  Make my business a LLC?  Or S-corp?  Any info would be great!  And also I just won a bid to repair vending machines here in the county I live in for the state of California dept of rehab.  Will the state garnish my wages from the work I'll be doing?  Remember I pay my child support every month and 180 extra for the arrears.  Thanks	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Can a President/Director in a family California Corp also be the Secretary? Can a President/Director (there are 2 directors, one stockholder. Each has equal 1/3 share in the company stock) in a small privately held family California Corp also be the Secretary? Could the other director be nominated Secretary and the President assistant Secretary? If so, could the President/assistant secretary sign the minutes for the yearly and special meetings?Can a stock holding director of a California Corp with 3 directors where a quarry of 2 constitutes a majority have their position in the corp (Secretary to Treasurer) voted on and changed by quarry of the other 2 directors (one is a stockholder one is not) without their presents or participation? In the case where the same scenario applies, except one director is in divorced.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Can I use verbal loan agreement for small claims case? Hi! In short, I recently lent a former friend, in good faith, $3000 with a "promise" to repay the loan.  This was a verbal agreement without any paperwork or documentation.  With that said, can I take him to small claims court and try to force him to repay me?  Thanks!	Legal Questions,Partnership Questions	Pennsylvania
Law to protect this child from the high risk of disaster when a 9-year-old is in the back of a motorcycle? I know a man who is riding his 9 year old son all around our area on the back of his motorcycle. Is there any law to protect this child from the high risk of disaster. I have tried reasoning to no avail.	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Employer withholds paycheck to spite me. My employer holds my paycheck until he feels like giving it to me, and when I asked for it he said he would think about it. He does this and other things just to be spiteful towards me. What legal recourse do I have against him?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Georgia
Is it legal for an employer to consider raises a bonus and take it away when ever he wants without warning from all of his employees on a weekly basis even if the employee is on salary?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Maine
I would like to know if i am breaking any rule doing the follow: Receive goods from China or other country directly to my home and then buy something else could be a component for a computer, add this to the package and send it by UPS to the client that already buy the goods?	Administrative Law Questions,Commercial Questions,International Business Law Questions,International Trade Questions	Florida
Can I sue ex-husband for not allowing loan and thus hurting credit score? Can I sue my ex-husband for jeopardizing my credit score so as to decrease it by 100 points not allowing me the freedom to obtain a financial loan?	Contract Questions,Financial Questions	Vermont
If someone came on c1d visa can they get any form of resident if they are married to a U.S. citizen? If someone came on c1d visa can they get any form of resident if they are married to a U.S. citizen?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Friend wrote checks to herself and forged my signature. I asked a friend to pay my bills for me. I told her that if she needed to borrow any money, she needed to tell me how much and what for. Recently, I found out that she has written almost $1,500 worth of checks to herself and forged my signature on my checks. How should I handle this situation?	Finance Questions,Financial Questions,Personal Injury Questions	North Carolina
When a merchant processes a payment on behalf of another merchant it's called credit card factoring and is considered a form of money laundering. If this is the case why can paypal do this legally? None	Banking Law Questions,Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Finance Questions,Financial Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it crime if money raised by group taken and used by another? Money raised for one group but taken over and used by another entity.  Is this a crime?  People would not have participated in the fund raising if it had been known that the money was to be taken over.	Financial Questions	Texas
Tenant taking me to court for loan. I borrowed $5,000 from a woman that rented from me and paid me up front $500 for 8 months. She stayed 6 and moved out. She is now taking me to court for the money we had verbally agreed to lower her rent for the money. What do i do? She also lived in my home 6 years and paid nothing.	Contract Questions,Financial Questions,Legal Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Real Estate Questions	Maine
I just received a Plaintiff's Motion for a Nunc Pro Tunc Judgment. Does the judge always sign off on these? If I do not agree with the attached affidavit, what do I do ?	Financial Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Ohio
Does trademark infringement depend on who publicly launches URL first? If squatter has a .com URL on with no public usage of the name and I buy a similar URL (e.g. with hyphens) and launch it immediately, can a .com owner come after me for trademark infringement? Or is it a matter of who PUBLICLY launches a service with that name first?	Copyright Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Internet Questions	California
I am starting a business distributing an all natural diet pill. I plan on distributing a lot of them.  I also plan on being the only business owner. Should I start an LLC?  What kind of business insurance should I purchase and how liable am I for the product. I am not the manufacturer of the pill.	Corporate Questions	West Virginia
What are legal concerns with direct hiring contractor in Malaysia? Hi, Want to hire a contractor in Malaysia as a direct hire. FLSA Class: Contractor Pay method: Accounts Payable US currency 1. Can I simply treat contractor like my US based contractors? 2. Are there any legal concerns I should consider? Thanks	Employment Questions,International Business Law Questions	California
How long is too long to file answer for summons? I was served a summons but I think I waited too long to answer it. Can I still file my answer now with the clerk of courts?	Administrative Law Questions,Finance Questions,Information Technology Questions,Internet Questions	South Dakota
If I sign my rights of a child over, do I still have to pay child/medical support?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
Hired contractor who did not pay his sub-contractors. I live in Texas & I hired a contractor to remodel my home.  He then went out and hired sub-contractors that did a lot of the work.  I have paid the contractor all money for the contract and found out he has not paid a lot of the sub-contractors. Can they come after me or put a lien on my home?	Construction Law Questions,Legal Questions,Real Estate Questions	Texas
Items missing while contractor working in home. A contractor was doing work on my home and some items are missing from my home. What's the best course to take?	Construction Law Questions,Consumer Questions,Criminal Questions	Ohio
After a contractor left many of the areas were not finished. There are humps or raised pieces in
the roof.  Contractor will not come back after calling him for 2 years. Do I have any recourse?  I am believe  contractors can be liable for their work.	Construction Law Questions,Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Are contracts for brother's business null and void if he dies? My brother had a single member LLC in the state of Indiana.  He passed away unexpectedly 2 wks ago.There are contracts for his business where the work has not been started.  Are thoses contracts null & void?  Is my sister-in-law liable for any outstanding debts from the LLC?	Construction Law Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
Is contract nullified if specs for house not met? I am building a house. My signed contract and specs specified 10foot ceilings downstairs and 9foot ceilings upstairs.  Framing was just completed. I measured the ceilings today, they are 9foot downstairs and 8foot upstairs. Does this nullify the contract? Can I get my downpayment back and walk away?	Construction Law Questions	Alabama
What to do when school fails to pay for services rendered? I have a small cleaning service and we can not get paid for a school we cleaned. What can we do?	Construction Law Questions	Alabama
What happens if my child becomes a ward of the state? What happens if my child becomes a ward of the state?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Our business is located in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. We have two sinks and other items we have installed in a building where we have rented one floor since 1989.  We are moving out as the lease is up.  Are we allowed to take with us all the things we have installed in this space?	Commercial Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is this grounds for eviction? If someone moves in with you other than on the lease, in the state of Florida, is that grounds for eviction?	Leasing Questions	Florida
I am currently renting a townhouse and was given 90 days to get out because the owner wants to move back in. Do I have any right to stay?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Son cannot evict tenant threatening him. My son lives in CA. He is renting a house and have sublet one room to a man who is threatening them. The police came to the house once because of it.  My son was told no eviction for 45 days unless the owner of the house approves it.  Does my son have any recourse?	Family Questions,Leasing Questions	Nevada
Can landlord wake sleeping tenants to inspect units? Can a landlord start doing a unit inspections every mounth and they say at 12:00 pm when I work steady nights do they have the right to wake me up every monday of first of the month?	Leasing Questions	Minnesota
I'm a renter; my landlord put up a for sale sign and the reality sends me a 3 day pay or quit. That is the only notice I have received. Don't they have to evict me first or do I have to be out in 3 days?
sincerly christy	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
I want to rent Wash. D.C. condo. Owner asks to collect 1st & last mos. of rent, 1 mo. security. Can he ask for 2 mos. rent? Lease requires me to employ a housekeeper/maid service and at owner's request must produce receipts to demonstrate compliance w/lease provision. Is this permissible?	Leasing Questions	Virginia
How to recover unpaid rent after tenant moves out? I am a landlord in Illinois. My tenant failed to pay rent and was issued a five day notice. She moved within the five days and I did not have to proceed with the eviction process. However, she still owes 2.5 months rent. How can I recover the unpaid rent?	Leasing Questions	Illinois
How to get out of lease without fines? 6 weeks ago someone was held up at gun point at my apartment complex. Last night a 17 year old kid was shot in the back. How do I get out of my lease with no fines? My apartment complex had to post notices on our front door because yet another robbery took place. I live by myself with kids - I have been here a total of 6 years. I just want to move so we can feel safe! Is there way to get out of my lease without all the fees?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can landlord enter without my presence? Can landlord enter my house without me being present?	Leasing Questions	California
Person doing tax return will not return tax data. The man doing my tax return is not a CPA.  He notified me that he had to file an extension because he wasn't finished.  Now he says he's filed for a second extension.  I cannot contact him and he won't return calls.  He will not return my tax data.  How do I get my 1099's, receipts, etc?	Tax Questions	Texas
How to protect idea for new ice cream product? I have an idea for a new ice cream product. How do I protect my idea?	Advertising Law Questions,Copyright Questions	Iowa
Advice on starting a business? I Want to start incubator type business. I need legal adviser in structure of incubator, accepting funds, terms of distributing funds to individual and companies, compensation to BODs etc.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
If the son has been working for the company for 27 years and will soon own the company, can he tell the father not to hire his daughter? A father promises, no contract, that he would turn over business to a son that has worked for him for the last 27 years.   The son is creating a new product for the business, computer program, and has done the majority of the work.  His father wants to retire. He is 70.  They have an old archaic program that they are maintaining that is bringing limited funds into the business.  The son does not want to roll out the new program without owning the company himself.  His father wants to bring in his sister to the company, who is 23, and the son does not want her to be a part of the ownership.  He has worked for the company for the last 27 years with the agreement, again not in writing, that the company would be his.  What can he do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Employment Questions	Georgia
Can a foreign citizen without an H1-B own an incorporated company in the US? Can a foreign citizen without an H1-B own a incorporated company in the US?	Employment Questions,Immigration Questions	16
What is the best way to invest in startups in the U.S. if I am an Egyptian citizen? I would like to invest in startups in the United States. What is the best way to do so? I am a foreigner: Egyptian Citizen. Should I invest as an individual or set up a company? Which State do I set up the Company? I need a venture capital related lawyer.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	03
What are minimum costs for starting one-man business? I want to start a one man business selling a booklet online in NY. What is the absolute minimun money wise i need to do to be legal?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,eCommerce Law Questions	New York
Is it legal to automatically renew expired contract without customer signature? How legal is a contract that automatically renews on expiration without being signed by the customer?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Purchasing shares at time of formation of corporation? Hi. I am forming a new company and will eventually take on investors and issue shares. For now, do I need to form the corporation with more than the standard 200 no par value shares and I can add on more later or should I purchase more shares now at the time I create the organization? Thanks.	Corporate Questions	New York
How to buy back shares when converting to S-corp? I have a corporation that was formed in CA with another shareholder who owns 12% of shares. I'm converting business to an S-corp and want to buy back shares from the 12% shareholder. The company has minimal business net worth. What procedures and forms should I utilize to buy back the shares?	Corporate Questions	California
Reopening business but previous owner wants to repossess equipment. I am trying to resurrect a business that has been closed for 6 months. I was to reopen the business and buy the just equipment. I signed the lease for 3 years and come to find out he still owes the previous owner and she is repo'n the equipment. How do I protect my self and business from this mess?	Commercial Questions	Alaska
What do I need to do in order to incorporate a company in the US?	Corporate Questions	California
Signing nondisclosure agreement. I am asked by my bank to sign NDA - below is the text - could you pls advise if there are any concerns for me or whether I need to add any language The Bank shall treat Information provided to it by the Company as confidential subject to the following terms. "Information" refers to any and all non-public financial, technical, commercial or other information concerning the business and affairs of the Company (whether prepared by the Company, its advisers or otherwise) that is provided to the Bank, by or on behalf of the Company, on or after the date hereof, but shall not include (a) Information which was already in the Bank 's possession prior to the date hereof; (b) Information which is or hereafter becomes generally available to the pub	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Petition briefly and distinctly states its grounds accompanied by certificate. what do they mean when they ask for a petition that must briefly and distinctly state its grounds and be accompanied by a certificate stating that grounds are limited to intervening circumstances of substancial or controlling effect or to other substancial grounds not previously presented?	Appellate Practice Questions	Rhode Island
Failed to mail plaintiff's first request for disclosure after 50 days. I am being sued by a debt collector & I have answered the court but did not mail in the plaintiff's first request for disclosure. It passed 50 days. How will this affect my case and should I send it in?	Administrative Law Questions,Appellate Practice Questions	Texas
Is there anyway I can get a work permit if I was born in Mexico but I graduated and I do taxes in the U.S.? Hey my name is Cesar. I'm 18 years of age. I wad born In Chihuahua, MX. I came to the united states at age 8 with a visa. My visa expired about 3 years ago. I graduated high school I have a job and I do taxes. I want to know if there is any way I can get any kind of papers, work permit or anything?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
Is court required to inform defendant of right to appeal when giving verdict/order? If a court (municipal in NJ) gives a verdict or order, is there a legal requirement on the behalf of the court to inform the defendant, on the record, of his right to appeal, or is that just an option that is supposed to be understood without mention by the defendant?	Appellate Practice Questions,Litigation Law Questions	New Jersey
Is property manager required to write new check if I don't cash it in time? I forgot to cash a $700 check our property manager had written to us and now it is expired (check said "void after 90 days).  Is she obligated by law to write us a new check?  She owes us this money after taking out her commission.  She is ignoring my emails/calls.  What can I do?  This is in Idaho.	Banking Law Questions,Commercial Questions,Leasing Questions	Idaho
/questions/d192e95f40/multiple-local-businesses-targeted-by-ada-lawsuit/

Do I need permission to create game copying another game? When someone is creating a game that is duplicating from a game that is already out, do I need to contact that game publisher to get their permission?	Contract Questions,Games Law Questions	South Carolina
My father is 88 and a owner of a propane company. He wants me to leave my job and take over his business with my sister. I ask to put it in writing. He said he is not signing off his business. Can I do a verbal contract and have it stick, or go on good faith?    spacecon69@yahoo.com   Jeff Conley	Contract Questions	Colorado
consequence of unethical conduct my ex is a paralegal and used to work for the offensive side. She worked an ongoing case for one lawyer for the plaintive so she knows this case inside out. She switched jobs and went to the defensive side and now works for the law firm handling the same case. While in our relationship she started seeing this plaintive behind my back and is now with this man. My question is: because this is unethical and a conflict of interest what could be the consequences of there actions?	Antitrust Law Questions,Appellate Practice Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Delaware
Building owner disagrees with what I sell, wants me out. I have a 1 year contract dated to start in a month with a good faith agreement for a free month of rent to lease a building for my retail business. Now the owner wants me out after being there for 2 weeks cause she doesn't agree with what I'm selling (all legal stuff, no drugs). What are my options?	Commercial Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Retail Law Questions,Search Questions	Michigan
I made a purchase of windows/doors. 1 year later, they are still not installed. We negotiated a price and based it on a cash payment with a $3000 down payment. Product was installed but was not as expected or described.  Doors have been incorrect 3 times. Are we required to pay 100% balance?	Contract Questions,Retail Law Questions	Ohio
Is it legal to use competition's name in marketing and sales? I have a question that might have to deal with copyright or trademark law. I am looking to use a slogan in my marketing materials and sales strategy that uses a competitor's name. One of our competitor's is Yelp.com and I want to use the slogan:"Been Yelped? We can help!"Can I legally do this without being sued? Yelp is a verb in the dictionary so I am not sure how this would be viewed by the court systems if litigation was ever pursued... Thanks in advance for your time and expertise.	Advertising Law Questions,Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	California
I want to start an apartment finders business. What legal action sholud I take? What type of business licenses do I need?	Advertising Law Questions,Corporate Questions	Texas
Are online coupon buyers eligible for refund after coupon expires? If my business is offering a discounted item online in the form of a coupon (the Groupon concept) that has an expiration date, are the buyers of that coupon who do not redeem the coupon before the expiration date eligible for a full refund of the coupon purchase amount?I need to know the particulars for this situation for Tennessee and Pennsylvania, but if possible all 50 states.If the answer cannot be provided, where should I look for my answer?	Advertising Law Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Financial Questions,Internet Questions,Retail Law Questions	Georgia
Can I file charges against company for using name without consent? Can I file charges against a company for using my name without my permission? I don't work for them and I haven't received a payment from them. They also posted it on my husband's and my Facebook's account without our permission.	Advertising Law Questions,Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Consumer Questions,Consumer Internet Questions	New Mexico
What are internet business rights regarding action taken against me without just cause? I own an e-commerce business. I am still in the building stage and have yet to actually list my site in any advertised manner. Recently while using Google Chrome. Links to a site, claimed guilty of distributing malicious software, were found. I was immediately placed on their list as a corrupt site. Without any investigation into whether my site was guilty of distributing "Malware". and no prior chance to take action. I feel the action taken against me were without just cause. I would like to know, what course if any,  the legal system offers.	Consumer Internet Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Internet Law Questions,Retail Law Questions	Florida
I'm working on a website where multiple users promote links through Google affiliate & other affiliate networks.  When a sale is generated through a user's link (tied to my account) I want to pay them while taking a small cut. I'm wondering how I can handle payments without taking on all of the tax?	Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Consumer Internet Questions,Internet Law Questions,Tax Questions	California
What type of corporations make loans to individuals? I am looking setting up a company that makes small loans to individuals.  I am trying to figure out which type of incorporation I should pursue.  The company would have more than 1 shareholder, including a foreign entity.  The loans would be done online. Should I also look to register in Delaware even if we are in California?Thanks for your help	Banking Law Questions,Business Internet Questions,Consumer Questions,Consumer Internet Questions,Finance Questions	California
Does father still pay child support if mother refuses it? Can the state of Tennessee still charge me child support, even though the mother refuses it?	Consumer Internet Questions,Family Questions	Tennessee
Can I post person's name and explanation of monetary transaction on Facebook? Is it illegal in Mo. to post somebodies name and explanation on facebook of how a monetary transaction goes? The person does not show up as planned.	Consumer Questions,Consumer Internet Questions	Missouri
Can fidelity account be taken if bankruptcy filed in PA? Can your fidelity account be taken if you file bankruptcy in PA?	Bankruptcy Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I be sued for fraud in a inter-spousal transfer? I filed an inter-spousal transfer for a property to my husband.  I am in serious debt with credit card but I am making arrangement with CC company to get them repaid.  I don't want any more debt or liability then I already am.  The house was not upside down, but at the time loan was $500000.  Mortgage is under my husband's name only anyways. I figure i just transfer to him, and its none of my liability nor equity if there is any in there.  However, there is a judgement against me for lease contract (had to vacate lease because business down the drain).  I didn't know they had a judgement against me for the remaining 12 mo. of lease.  Can they go after me, and sue me for fraud?	Bankruptcy Questions,Finance Questions,Leasing Questions	California
Is it a good idea to wait for more money or settle for $1300 if a company owes me $3800? I worked for a company that now owes me $3800. They filed bankruptcy and now a third party is trying to buy the debt for $1300. Is this a good idea or should I wait it out for more money?	Bankruptcy Questions	Utah
How can I collect my money? I want to collection my money from a person in America?	Bankruptcy Questions	Washington
rights of a guarantor. Being a guarantor on a rental agreement, can the guarantor sue the tenant if they get evicted and the guarantor has to pay the rent & fees?	Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
What contracts other than NDA protect ideas? Are there any contracts (in addition to a non-disclosure agreement) that can protect an idea before I explain it to somebody?	Business Internet Questions,Contract Questions,Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Internet Questions	Georgia
Will my income significantly increase because of the payments until my collateral agreement ends? I am currently on a collateral agreement with the IRS until 2015 or until debt is paid whichever comes first. I am considering purchasing a home with my partner but we are looking at places that would have a rental basement that can possibly help us pay the mortgage. The idea is allowing me to keep the same amount now as if renting, allowing me to save up money to pay for the agreement. How is it going to affect me if the money received from rental is reported? Will my income significantly increase because of the payments or should I wait to buy a house until my collateral agreement ends or I pay the debt?	Tax Questions	District of Columbia
I purchased a home and the seller died before the deed was switched. How do I switch the deed?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Shall I confront my wife first or shall I seek legal help for transferring some of our savings to her account? My wife had transferred some of our savings to her own account.  Shall I confront her first or shall I seek legal help now?  Thanks.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can celebrity photos be purchased and used without their consent? I publish a magazine and want to feature a celebrity on the cover and also a cover story of the person inside the magazine. Can I use a photo I purchased from a wire service without permission from the celebrity?	Advertising Law Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Indiana
If I'm developing a web site, can I use scrapbooking paper for my backgrounds?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Internet Law Questions,Trademark Questions	Texas
/questions/c92f000c7f/can-i-improve-a-tool-whos-patent-protection-has-ex/

Can anyone, other than the business owner, create a business account and is this identity theft? I am a business owner. A disgruntled person created a posting, using my business name and info to create a Yelp account about my business to make a vitriolic rant. Can anyone, other than the business owner, create a business account? Is this identity theft?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
If I file a patent domestically in the U.S. how do I acquire it internationally as well? If I file a patent domestically in the U.S. how do I acquire it internationally as well?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
With an international edition book in US, can I resell my used book on ABEbooks or ebay?
 question about international edition book in U.S1.can I resell my used book on ABEbooks or ebay (but it is international edition)	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
What state or federal requirements, if any, are there for senior relocation business?  I am interested in starting a senior relocation business. What state or federal requirements, if any, are there for this type of business? What would be some of the basic legal and insurance protection I would like to have in place? Also, I would like to expand our service to include "age in place" home remodel and oversight service. What would be the key things to consider from a legal perspective?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Legal if I was given to prior indication of demotion was coming and was not given any warnings? After 8 years of working at a certain nursing home, I was asked to demote myself or consider leaving when a new administrator stepped in. I had nothing but positive past job reviews and was not given a clear reason other than the department was not what he wanted and he could not tell me why. I was given to prior indication this was coming and was not given any warnings, verbal or written. Is this legal? I ended up securing another job and leaving this position because I felt it was unjustified that I take lower pay and less of a job title without reason. Mt email is megan.janet@yahoo.com. I would appreciate advice on if I should proceed with a case against my previous employer. This occurred this year, the end of Arril. Thank you!	Employment Questions	California
I am on a contract in Afghanistan as an electronics maintenance technician. When I arrived, I was doing tasks completely outside the scope of my position. Is this a breach of contract? Can I sue for them sending me to a warzone for a job I am not doing?	Contract Questions,Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Can a debt collector refuse your payment agreement if you have cancer and can only pay a certain amount? Can a 3rd part debt collector refuse your payment agreement if you have cancer and can only pay a certain amount monthly?	Tax Questions	Alabama
What are legal implications if organization doesn't follow bylaws? If an organization does not follow bylaws, are there any legal implications?	Administrative Law Questions,Consulting Law Questions	Virginia
Can my partner of our restaurant take everything in the restaurant legally without my knowledge?	Criminal Questions,Partnership Questions	Florida
What are the legal benefits of a LLC vs S-corp as a sole proprietor? What are the legal benefits of a LLC vs S-corp as a sole proprietor?	Partnership Questions	California
What resources available to determine company valuation? My company is currently talking to several venture capital firms and we are already starting to talk term sheets.  What tools are available to companies to determine their organization's valuation?	Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
Transfer of Shares. Buying stake in foreign company? How much does it cost in documentation to transfer shares in an incorporated company? What would the time frame be? Also, are there any laws binding a company based in US to buy shares in a foreign company?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Partnership Questions	16
if a civil mediator called me about a debt that I owe and said the company will take me to court if I do not pay or make some type of payment arrangement, is that true? if a civil mediator called me about a debt that I owe and said the company will take me to court if I do not pay or make some type of payment arrangement, is that true?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
If I got a copyright for a brand name, would any merchandise with individual, unique designs made under the brand name require additional copyrights?	Copyright Questions	Nevada
Question regarding getting denied to be buried with my dad? I want to be buried with my dad and I called where he is buried and they told me no because they didn't bury him deep enough? He has been dead 61 years. Do the laws change? I don't understand because people do it all the time. Can you help me please?  Thank you so much.	Consumer Questions	California
Is it legal to perform obscene/explicit material in outdoor shows? Can a musician be cited or arrested for performing obscene or explicit material in public or at outdoor shows?	Criminal Questions,Entertainment Law Questions	Texas
I'm producing an adult dvd and I would like to know the necessary step to have it copyrighted?	Copyright Questions,Entertainment Law Questions	New Jersey
Can I make non-proft web-series based on copyrighted show universe? If a television show is copyrighted, would I be allowed to make a web-series based off the shows universe so long as I don't draw a profit from it?	Copyright Questions,Entertainment Law Questions	Kentucky
What are consequences of person putting liquor license in my name? A friend is opening a lounge and wants to put the liquor license in my name. What are the consequences..	Contract Questions,Entertainment Law Questions,Partnership Questions	New Jersey
What licenses needed to host stripper parties with alcohol? I'm starting an online adult site. Occasionally I will host stripper parties by renting out venues and hiring an alcohol catering service. My question is what kind of license do I need to run a stripping event, if any?	Entertainment Law Questions	California
Can I sue online company for using personal information without consent? Can i sue an online company for using my name and email address without my permission?	Commercial Questions,Computer Law Questions,Consumer Questions,Entertainment Law Questions,Internet Questions	Ohio
How can the IRS make me pay back money for my child and cousin child that i help take care of? How can the IRS make me pay back money for my child and cousin child that I help take care of?	Tax Questions	Alabama
Can company charge for up to 3.0 mbps but not deliver above 2.50? If a company charges you for DSL up to 3.0mbps but can not deliver above 2.50. Is this legal? If I upgrade to a higher level at a cost they say it will be guaranteed,  is that against the Rico act?	Administrative Law Questions,Advertising Law Questions,Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Communications Questions	Texas
Three parties had mediation for paying assessments over time. In Florida, 3 parties had mediation regarding how to pay assessments over time for a clubhouse in a HOA when completed in phases.We came to an agreement that we all signed including a Judge. 1 party didn't follow the settlement when setting assessments, they said they followed statute. What controls?	Government Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
If my mom never came back to visit the states during the 10 years, can she still renew her green card? My mom got her Permanent green card a little over 10 years ago ( she was visiting me and stayed with me for a month till she got it and left back home)  He green card just expired back in April. Knowing that she have never came back to visit the states during the 10 years, can she still renew her green card?Thank you	Immigration Questions	Georgia
Can I now work for the person sponsoring me or other person aside from my sponsor? I availed of the 245I and I just received a letter from USCIS that they received my application for adjustment of status and a letter saying that the they would send a notice when and where is the schedule for my biometrics. Can I now work for the person sponsoring me or other person aside from my sponsor?	Immigration Questions	District of Columbia
What to do if I'm trying to obtain driver's license? I'm trying to obtain Fl. driver's license. I owe court costs in two counties. I need to make a payment plan. I need help.	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can my dad's daughter be included in petition as well if my grandmother is requesting a green card for him? MY grandmother adopted me when I was 10. She now wants to request a green card for my  father. He has a 2 year old daughter. Can she be included in the petition as well? Does he have to leave in the US during the process? How long does this process take?	Immigration Questions	Florida
What to do if my uncle set an application for my mom and me? What to do if my uncle set an application for my mom and me?	Immigration Questions	Illinois
If I was unauthorized when I worked in the US for 2 months, should I report it in my tax return?  I was unauthorized when I worked in the US for 2 months. Should I report this in my tax return? If I don't report, I'll be lying on my taxes. If I do report, then I will be "documenting" my unauthorized employment history.	Immigration Questions	Illinois
Can a person get a tourist visa to come to U.S. and then get employed? Can a person get a tourist visa to come to U.S. and then get employed?	Immigration Questions	Illinois
How can I stop my wages to be garnished for my oldest child? I am paying child support for two children. The oldest is graduating from high school and leaving this summer. The youngest is still in high school. My question is how can I stop my wages to be garnished for my oldest child by this summer?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How do I dissolve my LLP? how do I dissolve my LLP?	Corporate Questions,Real Estate Questions,Securities Questions	Washington
Situation about a theft that occurred with the client taking a plea bargain with the case dropped? Hi, I have a question about a theft that happened to me in my apartment. One of my neighbors had the same thing happen to her by the same person and was told the client took a plea bargain and the second case was dropped.	Tax Questions	Michigan
How to set up stock options to find developer? Setting up a startup and finding a developer co-founder based on sweat equity, what is the best way to set up a stock options plan that will minimize the risk of finding a developer that turns out to not be fit months later? Repurchase clauses?	Business Internet Questions,Corporate Questions,Executive Compensation Questions,Venture Capital Questions,Web Design Development Questions	New York
Not given promised equity after startup incorporated. I worked for a startup organization before it was incorporated.  I was promised equity in the business, and have an email detailing this promise.  However, when they incorporated and raised investor funds, I was not informed nor given my equity.  What should I do?	Contract Questions,Employment Questions,Executive Compensation Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
Can lawyer ask for income and expense declaration if sued for child support? Is a licensed lawyer (father of son) able to ask for Income and expense declaration, delivered to his home from his ex-wife(mother of son) if being sued for child support. The guy has only been paying $100 a month for chid support for three years now. Child is a thirteen years Old.	California Questions,Family Questions,Financial Questions,Legal Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	California
Can I get out of court costs because I did not have my insurance card with me? After receiving a traffic violation, I now have to go to court because I did not have my insurance card with me.  Is there a way that I can get out of court costs?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
/questions/725fff297f/what-to-do-with-terminated-employees-data-containi/

I have physical custody of my son and he goes to school in Fairfax. His mom called the school and had him transfered to her home town in Remington VA. Neither school notifyed me at all. Can I sue?	Education Questions,Family Questions	Virginia
What laws protect children from teacher? Teachers continually screams at a classroom full of children. Is there any laws protecting them from this?	Communications Questions,Consulting Law Questions,Criminal Questions,Education Questions,Family Questions	North Carolina
Can a minor sue the coach for injuries for a broken leg? If I'm a minor, Can I sue after signing a contract for not suing in case of a damages?	Education Questions	Georgia
Is it discrimination if my son's instructor refuses to take him because I smoke? I have a 14-year-old son that went to his first Taekwondo lesson which 6 months of service was paid to him thru my sons therapy. After the lesson was completed, the instructor called me in to speak with me and informed me that because I am a smoker he would not be able to attend class anymore because he smells like smoke and if I am unwilling to stop smoking in my home he was not going to be accepted. The next thing I know he hands me the check and says think about it. Is that even legal and isn't it considered discrimination?	Education Questions	Georgia
I created a website for a company and explained that the animation was not going to show on IE8 before I started and they were okay with it, I also said that I would not accept payment until they were 100% satisfied and they were and paid me.  Now he wants the money back, what should I do?	Contract Questions,Web Application Development Questions,Web Design Development Questions	Florida
Does LLC or corp have more liability protection? Myself and my partner are forming a technology company shortly and need to know if there is any more or less liability protection in the Corp over the LLC.  We will more than likely be filing in Illinois. The venture will be hosting client customer data, and while the data may not be legally protected, in these times, data breaches are a very sensitive subject and liability is of utmost importance.Thank you in advance.	eCommerce Law Questions,Information Technology Questions,Web Application Development Questions,Web Design Development Questions	Illinois
I had a contract with a web developer. Contract stated that the project would be broken down into 3 milestones. He reached two milestones then got lost. We plan to have another developer to finish the project, which is almost done. If another developer finishes project, can we get into any trouble?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Web Application Development Questions,Web Design Development Questions	North Carolina
In which jurisdiction can I sue University of Phoenix? I live in Raleigh, NC and would like to know at which jurisdiction can I sue the University of Phoenix for using deceptive tactics to entice students to enroll?	Advertising Law Questions,Consumer Questions,Education Questions	North Carolina
If paying back equity line of credit for condo, can I rent it and relocate? I own my condo and have an equity line of credit which i am paying back. Can I rent the condo and relocate?	Banking Law Questions,Legal Questions	Florida
Would my potential idea be legal? I'm doing a project for a marketing class where I need to come up with a new service. I came up with the idea of a service which was a home delivery medication service that would work with any pharmacy to deliver a patient's medication directly to a patient's house. Would this potential idea be legal? And what certification would be required to be able to do that? Say I live in New York State. Thank you!	Education Questions	New York
Is it legal for a school to have a lunch and only invite bilingual students? Is it legal for a school to have a lunch and only invite bilingual students?	Education Questions	Massachusetts
If your case is dismissed without prejudice, and there was never a hearing for charges brought up against you, can a plaintiff still hold you responsible for the action that was never heard out by the courts?	Banking Law Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Mississippi
I financed a business from a seller.  He has moved and will not give me his new mailing address to send checks to and wants me to go the bank each month and deposit the checks into his account.  Is this allowed? The seller is unhappy that I confronted him about the P&ls; being incorrect and is being obtuse.  He won't even give me his attorney's address.	Banking Law Questions,Commercial Questions,Finance Questions	Georgia
Does LLC with trade name or DBA need separate bank account? Does an llc operating under a trade name or dba need a separate bank account?	Banking Law Questions,Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	Virginia
A taxpayer has a joint savings account with a friend. All of funds, comes from and belongs to the tax payer. None of the money belongs to the friend who owes money to the IRS. The IRS has frozen the account and is threatening to take all the funds. What can the innocent tax payer?	Banking Law Questions,Tax Questions	New York
How can landowner collect back rent after renters move? As a land owner, what resources do I have to collect back rent owed after renters move out?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Texas
Does new owner have legal responsibility to pre-existing renter? Does the new owner of a residence have any legal responsibility to a pre-existing renter?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Can a bankruptcy save a lease to own home I am in?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	New Mexico
Is it legal to refer to film scenes in book with no direct quotes or reproductions? We are considering publishing a book that has multiple references to a recent major motion picture.  The references used are the film's title, character names, and scene descriptions written by the book's author.  There are no direct quotes from the film or screenplay copied in the book.  The book also does not reproduce any images or audio from the film.  The story line of the film generally guides the flow of the book.  The book has the form of a journal or book of questions, and the reader is encouraged to separately purchase a copy of the film to watch as he or she goes through the questions.We are trying to decide if we are likely under "fair use" or not regarding material from the film.  Any further thoughts would be appreciated.	Copyright Questions,Media & Entertainment Questions,Video Questions	Georgia
How protect self when syndicating content? Our long-term goal is to create a site that offers original, curated and syndicated video content.  We have spoken with a few video creators about syndicating their content.  They have expressed their interest verbally and in emails, but we don't have a formal agreements in place.  They also are interested in letting us syndicate it for free.  Given the information above, what do we need to do up-front to protect ourselves legally down the road?  Especially if we take them up on their offer to syndicate it for free?  Do we need a licensing agreement?	Internet Law Questions,Video Questions	Illinois
Pros and cons of reincorporating CA S-corp in DE? I am an iPhone app publisher, currently operating as an S-corp in California. Should I reincorporate in Delaware? What are the pros, cons, and expenses? I work by myself.	California Questions,Corporate Questions,Mobile Applications Questions	California
Can landlord let new tenants move in if I pay full rent for month? I am moving out of my apartment this month.  We paid full rent through the end of the month. Our landlord is wanting a family to move in on the 22nd.  Is this legal?  Should we have to pay for the whole month?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Missouri
We outsourced webmaster services and the contractor placed our data on a hosting service. Now we want to get control of the data ourselves and the contractor is uncooperative. Do we have recourse in contacting the host directly? (there is more to the story).	Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Network/Hosting Questions	California
Is 24% interest rate on personal loan legal in Michigan? According to chapter 438.31 of Michigan law is 24% interest rate legal on a personal loan?	Finance Questions	Washington
How to offer another vendor's services? How can I Legally offer services of another vender who only offers their services to companies who in turn offer these services to the employees of the company. When I want to offer the same services on an individual basis?	Consumer Questions,Legal Questions,Network/Hosting Questions,Pharmaceuticals Questions,Trade Secret Questions	Kentucky
What are my rights? I signed a loan agreement and promissory note to receive a personal loan. As per the agreement I completed my end of the contract by securing the loan in the form of 5 month prepayment. The agreement states that as soon I send my part in the funds would be released within a certain time frame. That period has been up for days. Spoke with them this morning and was told that they will not release my loan till I get Personal liability insurance through them. The contract says nothing about insurance. What are my legal rights?	Consumer Questions,Finance Questions	Louisiana
There is a towing co. who is suing me for a car that was towed by them and the case has been settled and now they are garnishing my pay checks. Should I countersue because I had nothing to do with the car?They said I should do a motion to set aside. I'm confused.	Litigation Law Questions	California
Should I sue disabled father-in-law for injury? I was cut on my left hand in July of 2011 by my father-in-law. He only gets a disability check every month and that is his only income. My question is should i sue him? My doctor told me that its going to be at least a year before I can work.	Family Questions,Legal Questions,Personal Injury Questions,Search Questions	Tennessee
What would be my course of action after buying a bag of "pork skins" and having a skin from that bag cause my lip to bleed because it hadn't been processed right. It still had hair on it from the pig I assumed, because the hair was hard, harsh and prickly.	Product Liability Questions	Florida
Traded vehicles and transmission goes out soon after. I traded cars and the one I got broke within 2 weeks. Turns out the transmission put in recently had been underwater.  Doesn't this have to be disclosed because technically it would be considered salvage? Do I have a case for civil court?Mechanic I traded with claimed the vehicle worked perfectly and had a new transmission in it.  2 wks later, transmission went out. He said for $1000 he would buy a new one and put it in. Obviously did not trust him bc he didn't do work right the first time. Took to other mechanic and he discovered the transmission had been under water.  Thus, the title for the vehicle should have been a salvage title.  We did an act of donation with the vehicles so I wasn't sure if he can be held responsible.	Consumer Questions,Product Liability Questions	Louisiana
How do I patent a business idea? How do I patent a business idea?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Can an independent person create collegiate t-shirts, i.e. a logo or emblem sewn on the shirt, and sell them without a copyright agreement from the college? Where can you find the penalty for this?	Copyright Questions	North Carolina
What to do when manager invades privacy? My store manager at my job is invading my privacy rights and he/she retaliated cause i called home at the office still questioning me after the fact. It's discriminating against my ethics rights and she was asking co-workers about me at my other job. What should i do?	Corporate Questions,Employment Questions,Legal Questions,Privacy Questions	Louisiana
Copyrights Infringement I have received a letter from Verizon alleging that various have perhaps infringed their copyrights by illegally downloading and/or distributing a movie.  A subpoena was issued to Verizon to disclose customer info if I don't file a motion to quash or vacate the subpoena.  Please advise.	Privacy Questions	California
Is there a negligence lawsuit present? Can I sue a major email company for negligence? I tried contacting them on several occasions about a user who is abusing their privacy policy by contacting me with harassing and threatening emails for over a long period of time. Not only did they ignore the seriousness of this matter, but they totally dismissed it and made it seem as if the user had not sent emails from their server (which is totally false), instead forging the server, and dismissing the whole issue. They didn't even bother to blacklist this user from my email, and the user is continuing to email me in this way. Is this a negligence lawsuit for not protecting me, or does it have to be a instance where something physical actually occurs?	Privacy Questions	Illinois
I work for a dentist and he is paying me as an independent contractor.  The office manager hasn't paid me for first two weeks in November.  What are my options? Several times when she does print the check, she will leave the check on the front desk where others will see it.	Employment Questions,Privacy Questions	Florida
A lawyer that represents a minor of a deceased parents estate is the child allowed to get anything out of the house that he/she desires? is it illegal if the lawyer sells everything if its not in the best inertest of the child?	Family Questions,Law Pivot Charter Member Questions,LawPivot Questions,Privacy Questions,Real Estate Questions	Tennessee
Refused to treat at medical clinic Can a clinic legally refuse treatment if you have a balance?	Privacy Questions	Mississippi
Am I able to sue if I was on a bike and going down the road, a car turned into their driveway and hit me? I was on a miniature motor bike, and going down the road a car turned into their driveway and hit me. I had to be taken by ambulance no broken bones but severely bruised, road rash, and stitches in my foot. Am I able to sue?	Personal Injury Questions	Wisconsin
eavesdropping In MS, can a hotel owner install hidden microphones in public areas without written consent of parties involved?	Consumer Questions,Employment Questions,Privacy Questions	Mississippi
I had professional modeling pictures taken of me. They are copyrighted by the photographer. I stupidly gave them to my ex-boyfriend and he threw them away in a bad area of the city. I'm worried as to who has my pictures. What I can do about this issue? Please help!	Copyright Questions,Privacy Questions	Massachusetts
Stranger posts picture of my minor child on their Facebook. What are my rights when an individual I do not know has posted a picture of my minor child on their facebook account?	Family Questions,Privacy Questions	California
Can you use an image from the internet to promote a musical? It's the cover photo of a CD.	Copyright Questions	California
Is it fraud to solicit funds via active donation link? Is it fraud to maintain an active, online donation link via paypal or other payment service to solicit & collect funds? It's under a charitable umbrella when the charity has lost its 501(c) status, had its FEIN revoked and is no longer licensed/registered in the state of Colorado.	Financial Questions,Internet Questions	Colorado
How to stop scammer before they find new victims? Is there any way to stop a scammer before they do the same thing to someone else?	Internet Questions,Legal Questions	Mississippi
Boss referred me for personal loan and I fell behind on payments. I was referred by my boss for a personal loan through a local bank. It was all good until I lost my job and I got behind. The bank now calls my ex boss telling him I am behind and I need to catch up. I am so embarrassed. What can I do? I'm in N. Carolina.	Finance Questions,Privacy Questions	North Carolina
If I go to the ER, will the person who is at fault for the accident cover me as I'm going to get checked out? I was in a wreck earlier today and refused treatment on scene but now that I'm home and everything has calmed down, I'm feeling pain in my neck and back. If I go to the ER, will the person who is at fault for the accident's insurance cover me as I'm going to get checked out?	Personal Injury Questions	Kentucky
Timeline for sponsoring an H1B visa, and getting application approved We are trying to hire an engineer as soon as possible.  Many of our candidates require us to sponsor their H1B visas.  When in the year can we apply for an H1B Visa, how much time will it take to get, and when is the earliest start date?  Does the candidate being on an F1 visa impact this timeline.  We heard "anecdotally" that H1B visas can be applied for after April 1 and are granted on October 1, so these candidates wouldn't be able to start working for us until October 1.  Is that true?	Employment Questions,Immigration Questions	California
Can I sue if I was injured at work and employer didn't have any insurance or workman's comp? I was injured at work and employer didn't have any insurance or workman's comp.I have medical  bills and will never have full power or use of arm.And painful at least 2-3 times a week. Can I sue? How much could I get?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
If police have a body warrant, is it illegal to search the residence without probable cause?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a Hospital be held responsible if you are assaulted while in their care?  Can a Hospital be held responsible if you are sexually assaulted while in their care? and can I sue them ?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What can I do if the finance co. is going to take 25% of my paycheck? The finance company is gonna take 25% of my paycheck and I live paycheck to paycheck. I can't afford to have that. What can i do?	Consumer Questions	California
Can title company take amoritized taxes from paycheck if not in contract? My employer gave me a $5000 check to buy a home for 2 yrs of service. The check went directly to the title co. Nowhere on the contract did it say that it was taxable income or would be amoritized. Now 2 years later they have started taking amoritized taxes out of my paycheck. Can they do that?	Contract Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	New Mexico
What is fair monetary settle for daughter in physical therapy after car accident? My daughter, 21, was in a car accident. With a left distilled radial bone in her arm broken and implants to hold bone in place with surgery, she had to go to multiple physical therapy sessions with the medical bill $12,000 (insurance paid). What is fair monetary settle?	Insurance Questions	Georgia
We recently bought a house and a home warranty. We need work done on our roof, and the  warranty company won't return our phone calls. It turns out they are preparing to file for bankruptcy. What can we do?	Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Criminal Questions,LawPivot Questions	American Samoa
After signing the a contract to buy a house, my father had an accident and it is necessary we move in with him to assist him.  The contract states we can get out of it for "just cause."  Is this a "just cause" situation?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	Indiana
I live in Virginia and have rental properties in South Carolina. I was thinking of establishing an LLC. Should I use a Virginia laywer/LLC or must I get a South Carolina attorney and establish the LLC in that state?	Corporate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Can someone write a stay away order and hand it to you with out going threw the courts?	California Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Massachusetts
Is a hearing officer's recommendation legally binding if one of the attorneys filed an objection to it and it was never signed by a judge?	Family Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Louisiana
What is required to copyright a graphic design?	Copyright Questions	Tennessee
Ex-employee expected to return partially paid bonus in full. I started with company X and signed a travel reimbursement form. They would give me $5000 but I would have to work for 2 years. Time came to pay, but instead of giving me $5000 they gave me a bonus of $5000/tax deductible. I received $3600, and have recently quit. now they want the full $5000 back.	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Tax Questions	Texas
We rented a house and came home with the locks changed. Mortgage reps came by and told us the property is suppose to be vacant, and that they can't give us any more information. When we contacted the owner that rented us the house and states that he still owns the home. What should we do?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
I helped a friend start a tattoo shop in 8/2010. We parted ways and his shop didnt do well so he's offering it to me... but at a price. He had it for sale for $55k with no bites. His offer is $625 mo/40 mos totalling $30k, PLUS $5k down within 90 days. None	Business Internet Questions,California Questions,Leasing Questions,Tax Questions	California
Is it legal for a landlord to post a 3 day notice after you have paid the rent? Landlord claimed the check had insufficient funds when it was a teller error at the bank. I went to the bank to check my balance after my landlord had called knowing I had more than enough money in the bank, and I did.	Leasing Questions	California
My former employer sold my restaraunt to a franchise group and my employment was terminated. After my final payroll settlement was issued, including unused vacation pay, earned bonus and salary, the company has since requested that I return money they say was overpaid to me.  Am I obligated by law to repay the money?	Commercial Questions,Employment Questions,Franchises & Franchising Questions	Maine
How to finalize franchise sale? I have a janitorial franchise with jani-king. I sold the franchise to another person with an approval. I paid them the fee they asked & they say this person had to attend a 2-week training. He had no problem but it's been 2 month and they keep delaying the training. What can i do to finalize it?	Franchises & Franchising Questions	Texas
Corporation owner convicted of "Theft by Swindle Artifice/Trick/Device" prior to investing. I am a CA franchisee with a corporation based out of Minnesota. I found out the the Owner of the corporation was convicted of "Theft-by Swindle-Artifice/Trick/Device or Other" prior to my investment. I would not have invested with them had I known this. Can I void my Franchise agreement?	California Questions,Franchises & Franchising Questions	California
Can I resell purses without advertising I am licensed dealer? Hi! I'm looking to open up a women's boutique for clothing and accessories.  I would like to re-sale Coach purses I purchase from the outlet Coach store 2 hours away at my store.  Can I do this legally if I do not advertise that I'm a licensed Coach dealer?  Thanks!	Advertising Law Questions,Franchises & Franchising Questions	Kentucky
I live in Vancouver, Washington. I am trying to reopen a final order to amend a default, the judge was incorrect and upper courts won't take it and I highlighted the rules to the judge that was incorrect and he refuses to correct himself. So what can I do? Can I do a show of cause hearing?	Appellate Practice Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Washington
Is it legal to hold preliminary hearing without defendant's lawyer present? Is it legal to hold preliminary hearing without the defendant's lawyer present?	Appellate Practice Questions,Criminal Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Missouri
How long does ex-wife have to file divorce appeal with IL Supreme Court? My ex-wife appealed our divorce in the IL Second District Appellate court.  I just received the decision and it was completely dismissed without precedence.  I wanted to know if she decides to escalate this to the IL Supreme Court, how many days does she have to file the case with the Supreme court?	Appellate Practice Questions,Family Questions	Illinois
On a traffic ticket, what does "Motion to set aside"  mean?  On a traffic ticket, what does "Motion to set aside"  mean?	Appellate Practice Questions	Florida
How to get personal property out of repossessed car? My car was repo-ed today is there any way to get my personal property out of it from the repo guy?	Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Questions,Legal Questions	Indiana
Can landlord make me sign amended lease? Can a landlord amend a lease and make you sign it because they don't want you having a boat on property before lease is up?	Administrative Law Questions,Advertising Law Questions,Antitrust Law Questions,Appellate Practice Questions,Banking Law Questions	Florida
Can business be sued if providing service for no charge? Can a business be sued if they are providing a service for no-charge?	Antitrust Law Questions,Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Internet Questions,Litigation Law Questions	New Jersey
Cheap way to get legal help to prevent trade secret theft. What is the cheapest way to get the help of a business attorney or the courts to prevent trade secret theft, defamation of character, or incorporation and non-corporate association; criminal espionage; electronic eavesdropping by corporations by slandering a business or person before a magistrate?	Antitrust Law Questions,Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Personal Injury Questions,Trade Secret Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	California
Is it legal to sell item customer places on layaway? I placed an item on layaway and made my payment agreements but they sold my item and cannot replace it with the same. Are there any legalities here?	Administrative Law Questions,Advertising Law Questions,Antitrust Law Questions,Appellate Practice Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
Is it legal to act as attorney for friend? Is it legal to say I am acting as an attorney for a friend  who is trying to get out of trouble?	Administrative Law Questions	Mississippi
I want to start a small cake & cupcake buisness at my home but i want to know if there are any regulations or any type of certificate that I need in order for it to be a legal pastry shop.	Administrative Law Questions,Commercial Questions	Texas
Can prosecutors stipulate restrictions on operating businesses in certain areas? Is it legal for prosecutors to stipulate someone is not allowed to operate business in a certain area? Like say home improvement? If so, how specific do they have to be with terms in papers they file? They did not say home improvement specifically in probation paperwork, it is much more vague.	Administrative Law Questions,Construction Law Questions,Criminal Questions	Kentucky
Bankruptcy for majority shareholder. My fiancee is the majority shareholder in a convenience/gasoline store. The gasoline wholesaler holds a mortgage of $80,000 on the store, plus $12,000 for an upgrade to the pumps, canopy etc. Also about $70,000 in gasoline that has not been paid for to them. Receipts are $21,000/wk. Bankruptcy?	Bankruptcy Questions	Maine
Making payments on car without reaffirmation. I did a chapter 7 bk in CA 2 years ago. I was advised not to reaffirm my Auto loan, however i kept the car and kept making payments without the reaffirmation. I'm currently 20 days past due, can they repo my vehicle if I pay before being one month late? The bank is a credit union in CA, I now reside in TX	Bankruptcy Questions,California Questions	California
/questions/e49a362f54/when-filing-for-bankruptcy-what-is-the-exemption-f/

What does voluntary dismissal of continuing writ of garnishment mean? I live in Florida and after jumping through hoops, I got a notice of voluntary dismissal of continuing writ of garnishment. What does this mean? Are they going to try other ways to get money?	Bankruptcy Questions	Florida
bankruptcy How much debt is needed to file chapter 7?	Bankruptcy Questions	Illinois
Can I file bankruptcy for a six thousand dollar debt? Can I filled bankruptcy for six thousand dollar debt?	Bankruptcy Questions	Utah
Can I incorporate startup with low par value and increase later? Can I incorporate my start up in South Dakota with a low par value like .000001 in order to purchase my founder shares then change the par value later on to .01?I would like to know how can this affect me on the tax side and can the business still be consider for a private sale of  the shares "reg D 504" after the par value been change.	Corporate Questions,Private Equity Law Questions,Tax Questions,Venture Capital Questions	South Dakota
Would I be able to get my money back from a costume furniture retailer, if the order was incorrect?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Texas
What is the grace period on a contract?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Tennessee
Rental car company wants money for unnoticed damage. Before renting a new white car, I saw no noticeable damage and took off.  When I returned the car, there was a small dent on the hood that was only noticeable when it was pointed out.  I had the car 4 days and never noticed any problem.  Now they want $750 for damage.  What should I do?	California Questions,Consumer Questions,Financial Questions,Legal Questions	California
Can I sue customer for wrongfully disputing credit card charges? I recently had a customer special order a product, a Saiga 12 Shotgun. When the produce arrived he came to fill out the paperwork and His background check was denied. Due to the NICS background check results he was unable to take the firearm home. He is attempting an appeal of their decision however because the product was special ordered there is no way to refund his money. Now he has disputed the charge. The issue I am facing now is that the bank has taken $721 from my account that only had $540 in it. I have had to stop conducting business because I do not have the funds to order more products and it can take more that 60 days to have the dispute settled by the Credit Card Company. Am I able to sue the customer for disrupting my business	Consumer Questions,Finance Questions,Retail Law Questions	Texas
If a break a contract with a home security company, can they put a lien on my house in Fort Worth, Texas?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Texas
Is it legal to make money via website users viewing affiliate company products? I have a reality TV guide website where I get my info from The TV Guide Website. I have also become an affiliate to a few companies, where their icons are also on the site.  If I make money from my affiliate companies by my viewers buying their products, is this against the law?	Copyright Questions	California
Received copyright infringement lawsuit due to unsecured wi-fi. Unsecured Wi-Fi set up. Received letter lawsuit copyright infringement with settlement purpose $3.500. Please help me, I don't know how to deal with this situation. Thank you	Copyright Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Virginia
What papers needed when parents permit me to raise their kids? One of my friends wants her children to live in my house under my rules & regulations but does not take custody over them because she can not support them both anymore. When I sign them up for school, the school is going to ask me for papers that their parents has given me permission for me to have them till they are grown, till they are 18 years of age. What kind of papers do i need and do i need a lawyer or something? Need Help.	Employment Questions,Government Questions,Law Pivot Charter Member Questions,LawPivot Questions,Legal Questions	New York
Are California Brown Act violations frequently prosecuted? How frequently are California's Brown Act violations prosecuted?	California Questions,Government Questions	California
Is it legal to proselytize to children leaving school? Can a church stand outside a school as the school is getting out and try and preach to children leaving school?	California Questions,Government Questions	California
How to start non-accredited school in US? What steps must I take/forms must I fill out to legally operate a non-accredited school in the US?  The school would have a physical building with on-campus residents.  I'm not asking for state-specific legal requirements, just federal, though any tips regarding New York would be appreciated.	Administrative Law Questions,Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Government Questions	New York
Can off-duty police officer in personal vehicle write traffic violations? Can an off-duty police officer, who was driving in their own personal vehicle, write a traffic violation ticket?	Criminal Questions,Government Questions,Legal Questions	Massachusetts
Can juvenile be charged as adult for robbery in GA? Can a juvenile be charged as an adult for robbery in the state of Georgia?Juvenile charged as an adult for robbery and recieved the same sentence of one charged with armed robbery.	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Is it legal to require employees to start 10 minutes before shift without pay? I work for the Department of Transportation.  It is required we start 10 minutes earlier to log on to the computer and start working at 7:30.  We are not paid for the 10 minutes.  Is it legal to require employees to start 10 minutes earlier and not pay them those 10 minutes?	Administrative Law Questions,Workers Comp Questions	North Dakota
Job related question I was hired on 2 separate occasions to work at a church owned public daycare. There was no requirement that I had to attend church or pay tithes there. Now they said if I don't attend church there, I will be fired. Is this legal?	Workers Comp Questions	Mississippi
DirecTV took money from account but also sent collections. DirecTV took $404 out of my account on Saturday. I was sent collections on November 17, 2011 but still took the money from my account. Is there any legal actions that I can take? I have proof of them sending me collections. Is that a violation of HIPAA?	Banking Law Questions,Consumer Questions,Security Questions	Georgia
How to protect assets and minimize loss if product results in injury? I am starting an online business selling a product which allows sailors to ascend a ship's mast efficiently. Although I am building safeguards, if my product results in injury it would place me at risk of a lawsuit.  Any advice for protecting my assets and minimizing loss with such a company?	Corporate Questions,Personal Injury Questions,Product Liability Questions	Florida
Found hair in sealed package of Easy Mac. I recently opened a sealed package of easy mac. Upon doing so, I found a hair that's not mine nor my roommate. Can I only assume proper hair nets were not worn during the packaging of the product? Is there a legal issue in that matter?	Consumer Questions,Legal Questions,Product Liability Questions	Minnesota
What are my rights if a car was sold under false pretenses? My son purchased a used car from a dealership about 4 days ago in which I accompanied him. The Buyer's Guide stated the vehicle would be sold As Is- No Warranty. Nothing else explaining any issues was written on that notice nor disclosed to us at anytime during the transaction. We signed the papers & took the car. Later my husband found the Buyers Guide under the seat & the dealer had written in ink that No Systems were covered and the vehicle was being sold as a "mechanic special in need of engine repairs." Customer has heard and is aware of noise coming from motor. Sold as is. "None of this info was provided to me beforehand nor did we sign anything stating we knew. Now there's engine problems and I'd like to know what are my rights/options. Please!	Consumer Questions,Criminal Questions,Finance Questions,Product Liability Questions	California
Can I be liable if someone gets sick from food I prepare? I am a volunteer at a RV resort in Florida. I am in charge of a group that prepares food for the resort  community. Could I be held legally responsible if someone got sick from the food we serve? We buy produce locally and the meat and other supplies comes from a commercial food distributor.	Product Liability Questions	Florida
Severe allergic reaction due to mislabeled dessert in restaurant. I was eating at a buffet style restaurant in Oregon last night when I grabbed what was labeled coconut cream pie from the dessert bar. I went back to my table to eat and realized it was not coconut cream pie it was peanut cream pie. I am highly allergic to peanuts and almost died. What should I do?	Consumer Questions,Personal Injury Questions,Product Liability Questions	Oregon
Can a supervisor tell you that you that you cannot talk or be friends with your co-workers and you cannot talk to each other after work either? The supervisor is the administrator.	Employment Questions,Privacy Questions	North Carolina
Is doctor responsible if patient addicted to narcotics? Is a doctor responsible for getting a patient addicted to pain narcotics?	Personal Injury Questions	Connecticut
I am currently helping my daughter through a sexual assault case involving her school teacher. She is now suffering from depression, drug abuse, alcohol abuse stemming from this situation. If he takes the felony plea of guilty can I also sue civilly for damages?	Criminal Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
what is the legal responsibility to a person who has had their mother living with them for many years and now the mother is beyond caring for herself alone all day? None	Family Questions,Finance Questions,Health Care Questions	Idaho
How long can mental hospital hold my uncle? My uncle was taken to a mental health hospital because he cut his arm. How long are they legally allowed to hold him? They say they are only keeping him there right now because his dilantin levels (to prevent seizures) are low. Can it legally do that?	Health Care Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Texas
Person hit my dog and did not stop or tell us. What can I do about someone hitting my dog and he didn't even try to slow down or even stop and tell us that he did it? A family member was standing outside when the guy did it and seen everything. We don't know if there is anything we can do to this guy legally.	Criminal Questions,Family Questions,Health Care Questions,Legal Questions	Oklahoma
Can we sue for punitive damages in KS if uninjured and damages covered by insurance? We were hit by a drunk driver, he fled the scene- but was caught. Our car was totaled, but his insurance will cover it. We were not injured. Can we sue for punitive damages in KS?	Insurance Questions,Legal Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Kansas
Can I receive unpaid damages in small claims if in accident with no collision insurance? I live in the state of Michigan. I was in a accident where it was the other person's fault. I had no collision on my vehicle. Am I able to go to small claims court to receive unpaid damages?	Insurance Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Can I file income taxes next year if I do not this January? I did not do my income tax this January. Can I file for it next January?	Bankruptcy Questions,Tax Questions	Texas
Can legally separated couple file bankruptcy as married? If I file for legal separation, can we still file for bankrupcy as a married couple?	Bankruptcy Questions	Arizona
I took out two payday loans recently and can't afford to pay them. What kind of consequences am I looking at?	Banking Law Questions,Bankruptcy Questions,Contract Questions	Louisiana
Bank adding default interest rates to our commercial RE loans. We have 3 loans from B of A. A commercial RE loan, 500k LOC, and 100k perm loan. After less than 1 year they decided to call the 500k LOC loan, and we didn't have the funds to pay it. Since we didn't have the funds, they added 6% interest rates to all our loans.  What are best options are as the bank doesn't want to deal?	Banking Law Questions,Bankruptcy Questions	California
Are assets such as real estate or vehicles subject to having a lien put on them, or being awarded to a creditor if credit card debt is defaulted on ?	Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Tennessee
What to do if I registered to vote but I did not know permanent residents couldn't vote? I am a permanent resident. Back in 2006, I registered to vote but I did not know permanent residents couldn't vote. If I remember correctly, they asked me if I was a California resident and because I've been living here for 20 years, I thought it was okay. I do not remember if I actually voted. Please help me.	Immigration Questions	California
Can my apartment complex evict me cause I can't pay rent due to an incident there? I fell and got hurt at my apartment complex. I can't work due to my injuries. I am going sue. Since I can't work I can't pay my rent. Can they evict me or can i stay here?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Does a owner of a car have any legal rights to hold another person driving their car when it breaks down? Does a owner of a car have any legal rights to hold another person driving their car when it breaks down responsible for the cost of towing and repair?	Personal Injury Questions	Oregon
As a distributor, do we have the right to refuse to sell to retailers because they are reselling the merchandise far below other retailers? As a wholesale distributor of gift ware products do we have the right to refuse to sell to retailers because they are reselling the merchandise far below other retailers?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Colorado
Do I have any custodial rights to my son if my last name isn't on his birth certificate? me and my wife are separated.My son has my last name but im not on the birth certificate.do i have any custodial rights	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Do I have a case if I was staying at a red roof and I found a broken needle from a syringe that poke me? I was staying in a red roof and lying in bed and I felt something poke me. I peeled back the sheets and found a broken needle from a syringe. It punctured my skin. Do I have a case or at least a refund?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Do I have a case if I had a tire explode in my face at a tire shop? I had a tire explode in my face at a tire shop. Do I have a case?	Personal Injury Questions	North Carolina
In NYC can a lawyer legally sign their own subpoena? In NYC can a lawyer legally sign their own subpoena?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Why is insurance company making me see physical therapist first when the fault party's will pay my claim? I was in an auto accident in April and the other driver was found immediately at fault. I ended up having to do physical therapy and last week was discharged by the therapist and the doctor. Today I received a letter from MY insurance company that I have to see an independent physical therapist first. Why is my insurance company making me do this when the other fault party's insurance will be paying my claim?	Personal Injury Questions	Rhode Island
I need to know if I can sue my doctor for malpractice without a lawyer? I need to know if I can sue my doctor for malpractice without a lawyer?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can I fire my lawyer & settle with the insurances myself without penalty if still under a doctor's care?  If I have a lawyer for a non at fault car accident in 2010 of which I sustained soft tissue injuries that I am still under a doctor's care, can I fire my lawyer and settle with the insurances myself with out penalty? Also, if a offer has been made by the insurance does the lawyer have to inform you whether they agree with the amount or not?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Is statute of limitations still good if I received a summons for a car accident that happened 3 yrs ago? i received a summons for a car accident that happened 3 yrs ago. Is statute of limitations still good after this long?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Sue a company for being trapped in their elevator for with no technician & no escape hatch and ladder? Can you Sue a company for being trapped in their elevator for over 2 hours with no technician available and no escape hatch and ladder? They also said some one was stuck in it earlier that day and a technician came and put an anti-tampering mechanism making it impossible to open the doors	Personal Injury Questions	California
What is a good settlement amount for broken shoulder from fall at Safeway due to their negligence?  What is a good settlement amount for broken shoulder from fall at Safeway due to their negligence? I've been out of work for 1.5 years and still receiving multiple physical therapies. My Normal income is $60-$100K.  Have counsel but no amounts discussed yet.	Personal Injury Questions	California
Does federal court have jurisdiction when Nevada resident sues Utah resident? A resident of Nevada sued a resident of Utah in the federal court in California for $60,000 in personal injuries from auto accident that occured in LA. Does the federal court have jurisdiction?	Litigation Law Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
What are my fiance's options and possibility of him going back after he violated parole? My fiance recently violated parole on June 2nd with a dui. He was on parole for almost 2 years with 20 days to go and had no problems thus far. In September of 2011 we lost a baby at full term, and I am now expecting in November and the night he got arrested he went out for a few drinks because I had just gotten out of the hospital with complications with this baby and put on bed rest for a threatened miscarriage. That is how he dealt with it I guess. I wrote the MDOC and so did his family and some friends saying how hard working he is and how much he has supported me and his family through everything. We hope for treatment for him and he said the same thing. What are his options and possibility of him going back?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Is it infringement if I type book chapter and send to friends? Can I type up one chapter of a book and send it to some personal friends, or is that a copyright infringement?	Copyright Questions	Florida
I used a semi as collateral to buy a trailer and my business failed. I returned the trailer. What can I do to keep my truck? I used a semi as collateral to buy a trailer and my business failed. I returned the trailer. What can I do to keep my truck?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Kentucky
Is there a law against co2 if I open a paintball business? I am trying to open a paintball business in NY state. Is there a law against co2?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
What can I do to stop a service when I stopped the mail order a year ago? I have a problem with a mail order Coffee co., Gevalia Coffee. I quit using the service more than a year ago. Last November they sent another shipment. I called them about the mix up and they told me to disregard the bill. Then they sent another bill, again the same conversation the same  without disregard. Four times and it's the same thing! Now they have turned it over to a collection agency. What can I do to stop this?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
Is the 4th of July a legal holiday that I should be paid for? Is the 4th of July a legal holiday that I should be paid for?	Employment Questions	Florida
Legal for a public school to hold a cell phone from a student over night after its been confiscated?  How is it legal for a public school in the U.S. (Idaho) to hold a cell phone from a student over night after its been confiscated? The student is 18 and can sign for it back himself.	Consumer Questions	Idaho
How do I protect my investment if the builder dies and doesn't finish? I am building a semi custom home. Non-refundable earnest money. What if the builder dies and doesn't finish. How do I protect my investment? We wrote on a standard land contract w/ a construction contract. I know this is far fetched but just need so advice.	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
What documentation do we need to file to bring my husband over to America? My husband was deported 2 years ago for 5 years for overstayed visa. He is from West Europe, no visa needed to get in. I'm American citizen. We married overseas in a third country a year ago. What documentation do we need to file to bring him over? And in what order and where to file?	Immigration Questions	06
Does my employer have to pay me for driving off-site? If I am told to start my shift at 530 am to load trucks then drive 1 hour to job site, do they have to pay me for the drive?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If I quit my job, will my former employer pay me my vacation pay due to me? I live in Peoria, Il. If I quit my job, will my former employer pay me my vacation pay due to me? I earned 4 wks paid from last year.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Wondering if the grantor in a quit-claim deed needs to have the deed notarized in the same state where the property is located? Wondering if the grantor in a quit-claim deed needs to have the deed notarized in the same state where the property is located?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can an employer require you to bring in a doctor's note if you call in sick on a Sunday (weekend)? Can an employer require you to bring in a doctor's note if you call in sick on a Sunday (weekend)?	Employment Questions	California
Is the red cross image copyrighted? Is the red cross (image) copyrighted? I'm a sign maker and my veterinarian wishes to use it in a sign I am making for him. He is concerned he can't use it.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
List and describe the functions of law in business? List and describe the functions of law in business?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
What do I need to do if I want to terminate my sister's temporary guardianship of my daughter? I gave my sister temporary guardianship of my daughter now. I want to terminate it. What do I need to do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can employer legally lower position due to staying home with sick child? Can my employer lower my position because I have to stay home with a sick child?	Contract Questions,Employment Questions	Oregon
Must private club return initiation fees if membership revoked during trial period? Is there an argument to have your initiation fees to a private club returned if your membership was revoked within their trial period? It was due to non participation which its bylaws do not list as a requirement to membership.	Contract Questions	New York
What happens if you turn 18 on court date after fighting minor? What happens if you are engaged in a fight with a minor two days before you turn 18. However, at your court date, you are 18. Would the same laws apply then?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
What to do if I'm being charged with theft by receiving but I didn't? I was in a vehicle with a friend and they had a stolen pistol in the hood of their vehicle. I knew nothing about it. Now I am being charged with theft by receiving. What should I do? I am being charged with theft by receiving but I didn't receive, retain, or dispose anything at all but my purse. I was just an innocent passenger who needed a ride to the store.	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What if I live out of state from where I was married and want a divorce?
 What if I live out of state from where I was married and want a divorce?	Family Questions	Colorado
Need advise on how to handle hosting liability?  We are a 501.3c and our reunion is coming up.  We have hosted all the alcohol free for years.  Now, I am a Board Member and concerned at the liabilty againist us if someone gets hit in the parking lot or falls off the balcony drunk.  Should we have a cash bar?  Would that help since our reunion is at a Hotel in San Diego. Also, these are retired and some active duty military members.  If there is ever an incident we would not be able to meet on base again and I am sure it would hit the papers. What is the safest way for the Association? We have a large amount about $100,000 in our account which would be gone if we got sued. Please advise.	Criminal Questions	California
How much child support should I get for my child that lives with me? How much child support should I get for my child that lives with me?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Maine
Can we return a new car 2012 we bought less than 3 weeks ago to the dealership because loss of job? Can we return a new car 2012 we bought less than 3 weeks ago to the dealership because loss of job?	Consumer Questions	Tennessee
When replacing XXX Living Trust dated MM/DD/YYYY with a new Living Trust can the new Trust retain the name of the old trust to avoid having to retitle property currently in the old trust?   When replacing XXX Living Trust dated MM/DD/YYYY with a new Living Trust can the new Trust retain the name of the old trust to avoid having to retitle property currently in the old trust?  (Trust State=Oregon)	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
is it possible to setup an internet funding portal for individuals to crowdfund their mortgage? Given the new provisions of the JOBS Act, is it possible to setup an internet funding portal for individuals to crowdfund (a) their mortgage or (b) a mortgage of a house they own but do not live in?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Is the income taxable if a business owner receives an insurance settlement for loss of income and loss of his building after a sinkhole dispute? A business owner receives an insurance settlement for loss of income and loss of his building after a sinkhole dispute. Is the income taxable?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding if I was hit by an insured party? We were hit by an insured party.  Property damage is around $10K.  Two people were injured, one with minor back injury and one with both neck and psychological trauma.  Both have been seeing doctors for several weeks.  What would a reasonable final demand represent for BI above the actual cost of Dr visits?  Is there a ratio typically used?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Does one illegal clause in contract null and void the entire contract? We have a contract that stipulates a series of actions to perform debt settlement activities.  One of actions says the signee must pay X amount of dollars when the contract is signed (i.e., upfront fees).  Upfront fees are now illegal.  Is the entire contract void because of this one paragraph?	Contract Questions	Indiana
What can I do to cancel the lease prior to its start date? I am a business owner that rents a storefront and I signed a lease in February of 2012 to begin April 1st of 2012. The landlord explained that I would be able to remodel the new space prior to the opening on April 1st. He has not kept to the verbal agreement. Now I do not want to move to the new space. He threatened to sue me if I do not want to move in. No deposits have been made at this point. What can I do to cancel the lease prior to its start date?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Why is a sheriff's duty giving out tickets under FSS 316.123 when a vehicle makes a full stop at a stop sign but the vehicle tires are not on the white stop bar?  Why is a sheriff's duty giving out tickets under FSS 316.123 when a vehicle makes a full stop at a stop sign but the vehicle tires are not on the white stop bar?   What happens if you are short of the stop bar, on the stop bar or just over the stop bar but make a full stop?	Criminal Questions	Florida
What to do if you went for a green card interview and they said you won't hear from them in 2 weeks? What to do if you went for a green card interview and they said you won't hear from them in 2 weeks?	Immigration Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I send my Lawyer a 1099 for all the work they have done for me throughout the year? Can I send my Lawyer a 1099 for all the work they have done for me through out the year?	Real Estate Questions	California
How can you split a property if the other party doesn't want to? How can you split a property if the other party doesn't want to?	Real Estate Questions	California
I am completing my autobiography. How do I copyright it?

Thanks. None	Copyright Questions	District of Columbia
If no service is provided and no item sold can they charge a sales tax? i am charged $50. if I miss a appointment to calibrate my interlock device with my for my interlock provider. if no service is provided, and no item sold cam they charge a sales tax? i smell shenanigans	Consumer Questions	Arizona
Can I file harassment charges if terminated for having affair with boss? I had an affair with one of my bosses. He is a partner in the company. He and his wife are bullying me to quit. The other partner does not know. The affair ended 2 months ago. If I am fired, can I file harassment charges against the company?	Employment Questions	Colorado
How to reapply for same trademark and prevent another from registering it? Due tomorrow, I have used up my 5 intent-to-use extensions on a trademark application. I am (finally) about to use the mark. What must I do so as not to lose the mark to someone else who might want to register it tomorrow? Today, can I re-apply for the same mark all over again?	Trademark Questions	Florida
How can I ensure in my contract that I do not get stuck with product as well as unpaid balances or refunds for products already bought? I am starting a business making event favors and as we all know some events can cancel at the last minute.  I do not want to get stuck with product as well as unpaid balances or refunds for products already bought.  How can I apply this in my contract?	Consumer Questions	New York
With a student visa who got 2 misdemeanor charges, would it affect my Optional Practical Training status? As an International Student with a student visa in the U.S. who got two misdemeanor charges, I was wondering if this would affect my Optional Practical Training status (which allows me access to get job opportunities within the U.S. after graduation)? And more so in other processes along the way. The reason for my inquiry is due to the fact that I am getting questioned every time I enter the U.S at the border protection for these misdemeanors. Wondering if they'll be a problem later on (in CBP's defense, I am a visitor, therefore they need to verify my criminal record every time I enter the U.S.)?	Immigration Questions	Arizona
Will it be a problem to get my green card renewed if it expired in 1998 when I am a permanent resident? I am a permanent resident and my green card expired in 1998. Will it be a problem to get it renewed? Can I file for citizenship thru my husband with a expired green card? I don't want to pay both fees. What's recommended??	Immigration Questions	California
Does my landlord have to pay me to move if he sold the house I was renting? my landlord sold the house I am renting. Does he have to pay me to move?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I sue my husband's girlfriend?  Can I sue my husband's girlfriend? I read something about it somewhere.	Family Questions	Michigan
Deferred action or just wait? Deferred action or just wait? I am a permanent resident and filed an I-130 on October 2010 for my husband who is illegal at the moment, his parents brought him to the U.S when he was 8 years old from Chile, he came into the U.S legally but overstayed his traveling visa. Now, I'm confused on what to do next. I know I have to wait for a visa number to become available, right now the visa bulletin says they're working on visa numbers for June so we have like 5 months to go to send form 485 to adjust status. But I was wondering if instead of waiting we should apply for deferred action? Were confused since someone told us if we adjust status we would be denied because of him overstaying his visa, please can you advice me on what to do next?	Immigration Questions	Florida
What do I do when my ex moved away with my son and I haven't heard from them in over three weeks? What do I do when my ex moved away with my son and I haven't heard from them in over three weeks?	Family Questions	California
What can I do if my last employer is making up lies & preventing me from obtaining new employment? What can I do if my last employer is making up lies & preventing me from obtaining new employment?	Employment Questions	California
Can my daughter ask for a temporary visa for her father to come and visit her when he;s from Cancun? My daughters dad lives in Cancun Mexico. He's not Mexican all though he has a passport to travel all over but not the USA. Can my daughter ask for a temporary visa for him to come and visit her?	Immigration Questions	Illinois
Can you be put in prison for owing state tax? Can you be put in prison for owing state tax?	Tax Questions	New York
Question regarding a hot air balloon to a person in another state? We sold a hot air balloon to a person in another state. We offered them to come and inspect in person,we make them aware of damage and wear and tear, which we have documented e mails. They agreed to purchase sight unseen. They had a shipper pick it up for them. Upon delivery and inspection, they called and stated that they are unhappy with the condition of the balloon. They want to return the balloon or take us to court. purchase price for the entire system was $3250.00. Do they have a case?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Michigan
What to do next if your employer accused you of stealing and told you that they are investigating? What to do next if your employer accused you of stealing and told you that they are conducting an investigation on you?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
How do I proceed if company will not give me a termination date until I file for fmla? After not abiding by their own company policies and not offering fmla until after I reached, what would be termination under their own policy and procedures my company is now enforcing me to apply for fmla when I feel it is not necessary? They will not give me a termination date until I file for fmla. How do I proceed?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Registering similar business trademark in different industry. We sell a product line called CODELOCK since 2003 (CODELOCK PHP/HTML Encoder, CODELOCK Tracker, CODELOCK Joomla Encoder, CODELOCK Dynamic Encoder at www.codelock.co.nz). Software that encrypts 3rd party PHP/HTML code to protect a developers' intellectual property before distribution so others won't copy or steal a developers' program. There is a reg. TM for CODELOCKS (All metal locks & as part of Class 009 as 'electronically controlled locks') at: http://tess2.uspto.gov/bin/gate.exe?f=login&p;_lang=english&p;_d=trmk. Can we register the TM (R) for CODELOCK since it is in a total different industry?	Trademark Questions	Oregon
Is using dance moves from someone else illegal? Is using dance moves from someone else illegal? I'm opening a dance fitness company but Zumba has used every dance step in their program.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Virginia
Does the shop owner have the right to unilaterally sell your property that he has repaired if it has not been picked up and paid for within the 90 day "agreed"  time period? Under California law, are "agreements" between the owner of a small electric generator and a small engine repair shop (the agreement being included in the small print on the work order authorization the customer is required to sign in order to have any repair work performed)  that the repair facility may sell the repaired item if it has not been claimed and paid for by the owner within 90 days legally enforceable?  In other words, does the shop owner have the right to unilaterally sell your property that he has repaired if it has not been picked up and paid for within the 90 day "agreed"  time period?	Consumer Questions	California
Is a wife the automatic heir when the husband dies in the state of Colorado?  Is a wife the automatic heir when the husband dies in the state of Colorado?  Can she endorse a check with the husbands name as deceased then her name?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
I just found out my ex has a criminal sexual conduct charge and I have a PPO on him but he is fighting it.  He has already violated it and I have the police report.  What should I do? Would it help me to use the CSC to show what he is capable of?	Family Questions	Michigan
Is there a statute of limitation of time to sign a contract to publish a book by a publisher?  Also, if the book is re-written, altered somewhat by the author, is it legal to publish under a different name, due to the changes?	Contract Questions,Copyright Questions	Nevada
Do I have the right to view and make copies of my personal file with my employer? I live and work in PA. Do I have the right to view and make copies of my personal file with my employer?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my employer refuse to release my 401k funds when if transfer to Canada while working for the same company as a Canadian? Can my employer refuse to release my 401k funds when if transfer to Canada while working for the same company as a Canadian?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What happens when an incapacitated person gets better and ends his/her conservatotship? what happens when an incapacitated person gets better and ends his/her conservatotship?will the court turn over all banking information to the owner of the estate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Is this an eviction notice or just a notice from the landlord to pay? I have just been served a notice to quit because I am $400 short on my January payment of $2,800. Is this an eviction notice or just a notice from the landlord to pay?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
What can I do if I was never notified of any judgements or liens? I am in the midst of a refi.  I just found out that there are liens on my property from judgements against my ex-wife.  She was an owner up until 3/2011 when I bought her out and she signed a quit claim.  These liens were placed prior to the quit claim.  I was never notified of any judgements or liens.  What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can you be refused at a bar when you are given no reason why?  Can you be refused at a bar when you are given no reason why? you have not even had a drink before going there.	Consumer Questions	Colorado
Am I legally entitled to my father's savings when he passes as I am his power of attorney? I am the power of attorney for my father who never prepared a will. Am I legally entitled to his savings when he passes?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I get out of the contract if i signed an apartment contract as a minor without any signature of a parent? i signed an apartment contract when i was 17 years old without any signature of a parent. Can i get out of that contract?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Utah
Should I sign the "Full and Final Mutual Release of All Claims" form so I could get my check or should I have something drawn up to reassure she won't sue me for the missing dog? My dog was lost for a week do to the owner of the dog care facility leaving the door open. She is willing to pay me what costs I ended up with trying to find my dog (We did eventually find the dog). Before she gives me the check she wants me to sign a "Full and Final Mutual Release of All Claims" form. I have read over it and it looks pretty standard. Should I sign this so I get my check or should I have something drawn up for her to sign so she can't sue me over anything pertaining to the week my dog was missing?	Consumer Questions,Criminal Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
What are the procedures in a state court general civil case? I would like to what happens to the defendants in a State Court General Civil Case- lawsuit? I'm being sued the case category is Contract. I would like to know my rights. I received a Plaintiff's motion for summary judgement. What are the procedures? What happens to me? What are my rights?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Can university legally post number without my knowledge? At my university, if you go to phone directory and type in a person's last name it gives their phone number. Obviously by obtaining a person's number you are only $2 away from running a background check and finding their address. Is this illegal? I had no knowledge of them posting my number.	Criminal Questions	West Virginia
Can my wife move 3 hours away if we get a divorce and we have kids? My wife and I are getting a divorce and we share custody.  Can she move 3 hours away or move anywhere in the state with my kids as long as I get my kids on my days?	Family Questions	Florida
In California must a seller reject an offer before he can review another offer? In California must a seller reject an offer before he can review another offer?	Real Estate Questions	California
What documentation is required to prove that you have been paying child support for a child that is living with you in Florida? What documentation is required to prove that you have been paying child support for a child that is living with you in Florida?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What to do if boyfriend refuses to move or sell house?  What if I bought a house with my boyfriend and now we are not together but he won't move out or agree to sell the house, what can I do?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I file for my green card if my spouse has abandoned our marriage by cheating? Can I file for my green card if my spouse has abandoned our marriage by cheating?	Immigration Questions	New York
If an attorney utilizes a cloud storage system, is the data protected by attorney client privileged?  If an attorney utilizes a cloud (on line) storage system to store client specific data, is that data protected by attorney client privileged?  i.e. If an attorney has a relationship with a client and the client stores data at the behest of an attorney on a cloud storage system, is that data protected from subpoena and unwanted governmental access?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Do you have so many days or hours to cancel a product you have ordered online? Do you have so many days or hours to cancel a product you have ordered online?	Consumer Questions	Missouri
Who has right of way entering freeway?  Who has the right of way on entering a freeway?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Case if I was fired from a call center after using profanity in a customer's complaint form? I got fired from a call center after using profanity in a customers complaint the complaint form says tell us what the customer says verbatim. Do I have a case?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
What happens in a motion to revoke bond? What's the process of a motion to revoke bond?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Legal for the landlord kept copy of our house keys at the neighbor's house? I found out today that my landlord has kept a copy of our house keys at the neighbor's house.  Is this legal?  My husband is a doctor and sometimes carries patient files back home.  We are worried about how the neighbor having access to our home may affect privacy under Hippa as well as my husband's livelihood.	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I get a mortgage when I'm co-owners with my husband and he as not filed bankruptcy yet? My husband filed chapter 7 which is not over yet, but I did not. Can I go ahead and get a mortgage on property when we are co-owners on as husband & wife?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Question regarding my partner stealing at work? If my partner steals something at work, and gets caught and fired, but admits I was not there and did not partake in the activity, how can I get fired over it?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a company force you to have your picture made for use as decoration or possibly their web site?
 Can a company force you to have your picture made for use as decoration or possibly their web site?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Possible case for firing when I was pregnant? I was fired for alleged unsafe act at work, I am 8 months pregnant. I had fell at work and they had said that it was my fault that there was enough room to walk around. Can I possibly fight to get my job back?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the legal age in California to sign a credit agreement contract? What is the legal age in California to sign a credit agreement contract?	Family Questions	California
Does my ex have the right to have anyone pick up our daughter after school because it is is assigned day?  Does my ex husband have the right to have anyone pick up our daughter after school because it is is assigned day? This is after I quit my after school coaching job so that I would be available to pick our daughter up. We discussed this prior to the start of school. Do I have the right to pick her up since I have made myself available to do so? I bring her to her dad on his days ASAP when he is available on his days.	Family Questions	Michigan
Can judge overrule 10 year old child custody decision from different state? Will another judge in a different state over role a child custody that was given in the next state 10 years ago? Mom was given sole custody 10 years ago unmarried and now married 2 years and is getting divorce. Can dad file for custody again? Will the Judge change the first order?	Family Questions	Florida
Rights if I am an hourly worker but I do not punch a time clock I fill out a written time sheet? I am an hourly worker but I do not punch a time clock I fill out a written time sheet.  What are my rights about this being legal or correct?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can i legally smoke marijuana in Colorado while I'm on probation if I have AIDS?
 Can i legally smoke marijuana in Colorado while I'm on probation if I have AIDS?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Trying to file lawsuit for hostile work environment discrimination and slander. I need some legal advice about my rights at work I was trying to file a lawsuit with my employer for hostile work environment discrimination and slandering my name from one particular manager that works for the company I tried several times bringing it to our DM attention.	Employment Questions	Michigan
am I able to copyright the music if an unsigned artist's CD left in my possession and died after? If an half developed CD by an upcoming artist is left in my procession and the unsigned artist is deceased am I able to copyright the music?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Missouri
I have a contract with regards to work and would like to get clarity on it before signing it. Help? I have a contract with regard to work and would like to get clarity on it before signing it. Would you help me?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Disputing discrepancy in moving company's estimated price and final bill. What course of action do we have with a moving company whose final bill is $1200 more than their binding estimate who is refusing to deliver our belongings until we pay the bill in full? We are disputing the discrepency between the estimate and the final weight.They are saying that unless we pay them before they even start unloading,   they will put out things in storage and give us a key when we pay them the balance and we have to pay $200 a day for storage and then have to pick it up ourselves and move it into the house. They were a day late in arriving and never called to tell us they would be late.  They offered us $400 compensation fee today after much complaining and trying to explain to them that we had taken the estimated amount in cash to pay them and can only get $300 a day from the credit union.  I'm not sure how we are supposed to pay them money we don't have.  We are hoping their is a way to resolve this quickly and easily.	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
How many times or how long can a judge postpone a trial? How many times or how long can a judge postpone a trial?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
How do I file a "petition to modify a court sentence" in PA without an attorney? How do I file a "petition to modify a court sentence" in PA without an attorney?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my employer withdraw money from my paycheck without my permission? Can my employer withdraw money from my paycheck without my permission?	Employment Questions	California
Question regarding submitting a disability application to California PERS and getting a hearing? I did not submit a disability application to California PERS within 9 months of leaving employment on a disability.  I have never returned to work and am permanently disabled. I asked for retroactive pay to the date of termination and they have denied it.  I have a hearing 7/31/2012, can you help?	Employment Questions	California
If someone is a Trustee Executor of their deceased mother's estate, and they short-sale their deceased mother's property, will it affect their credit rating, or keep them from qualifying for a mortgage loan? If someone is a Trustee Executor of their deceased mother's estate, and they short-sale their deceased mother's property, will it affect their credit rating, or keep them from qualifying for a mortgage loan? Then also, will it affect their credit rating or chance for a mortgage loan if their name has been put on the trust deed of the property, but their name is not on the property mortgage of the their deceased mother?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If we rented and had no lease are we liable for small repairs when leaving? If we rented and had no lease are we liable for small repairs when leaving?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What penalties would I face for unknowingly have unauthorized use of my brother's car? After using a car my brother rented in January. I was arrested in July for unauthorized use of a vehicle. I was under the impression that this was a long term rental and was not contacted by the rental company. I was not listed as an additional driver but my brother is not in the country and left the car with me. The vehicle is said to be worth $16800 What steps should I take now?What penalties would I face?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
How many hours can an employer make you work in one week (7 days)? How many hours can an employer make you work in one week (7 days)?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding if my landlord only gave back a portion of my security deposit? My landlord only gave back a portion of my security deposit.  we went to small claims and she did not show u, sot the judge gave us a judgment for the deposit and court cost.  now my landlord still will not pay or return any of my request for money. Now what do I do?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can the mother of my son move him out of the state of Florida without my consent?  Can the mother of my son move him out of the state of Florida without my consent?  We are not married and neither one of us has filed for custody but my son has been living his mother since he was born.	Family Questions	Florida
Correct if a police station moves each account with services to that station has to notify the specific carrier of the change?  I have an alarm circuit supplied by AT&T;, that is noted on the AT&T; system as a direct circuit to an address that is noted at the local police station. I just found out that the station moved location 10 years ago to a different address. AT&T; is stating they do not have to give a credit unless there is documentation that the circuit was requested to be disconnected from the old address by my account.. Is this correct, if a police station moves each account with services to that station has to notify the specific carrier of the change? They hold no responsibility?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What laws protect contractors when client breaches contract? Are there specific laws protecting contractors in Kansas when a client breaches a contract. What are the steps that they need to take to insure that they have a lawsuit if necessary?	Contract Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Kansas
Having an Issue with a joint several lease i was signed on to? I am having an Issue with a joint several lease i was signed on to. Originally three of us signed the lease with our original landlord. Our property was then sold to a new real estate company. We then acquired a fourth roommate whom told us he signed the lease when he went and paid his portion of the rent. He paid the first four months then disappeared. I have documents proving he lived at the residence (ex. DTE bills & other forms of mail in his name) and proof that our landlord was accepting payments from him. I guess my question is, can we be held responsible for his outstanding balance if our landlord knew he was living there and never made him sign the lease or is there some sort of landlord negligence clause protecting us?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What to do if my ex-wife wants $600 per month support when I'm low on my other family? My ex-wife wants 600 per month support. My wife and four kids will have less than 400 dollars per month to live on.	Family Questions	Kentucky
By law can the salon withhold my client information and withhold my new location from my clients? I am a independent hair stylist, and I was asked to leave a salon I was renting a space from within less than a weeks time. By law can they withhold my client information, and withhold my new location from my clients?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Nevada
Can I keep my son with me against his mother's wishes if he wants to be with me? My ex-wife, the custodial parent, lives in Tennessee with my son. I live in Michigan. I get my son during the summer months when he's not in school. My son who is age 17 wants to live with me and finish out his school here in Michigan. Can I keep him here against his mothers wishes?	Family Questions	Michigan
Question about renting? I am renting a room on a month-to-month rental agreement. I told the rentor I might be facing foreclosure and gave him written 40 day notice that I received NOD and that the lease is terminated as of March 31st. He has not paid rent for 2 months now and refuses to leave. I have short saled my house and I will have to leave by April 31st and he refuses to leave at all. What do I do and how long will it take to get him out? He's even storing things in my garage which was not in the agreement and I need to use it.	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it legal to transfer VHS tapes to DVD? I work for a public school in MN. We would like to transfer our VHS tapes to DVD. Is that legal to do?  We are doing this because of the direction technology is going and VCR's are a thing of the past.  We have a huge library of VHS education movies and videos that we want to preserve in DVD.	Copyright Questions	Minnesota
If we worded affiliated with one our flyers or cards would this get us in trouble if someone tried to sue one of our companies? We have a LLC company ,and another family member has a s-Corp company. We want to work together and split the profit for both companies. If we worded affiliated with one our flyers or cards would this get us in trouble if someone tried to sue one of our companies?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
What do I have to do to get the temporary guardianship dropped now? Myself and my son's father, who isn't legitimate, signed temporary guardianship over to his parents in 2006. What do I have to do to get the temporary guardianship dropped now?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What must I give the court to make my ex's request of moving out of state legal? I live in Michigan and want to move out of state.  I am divorced and have custody of my two kids.  My ex-wife approves of the move, as long as we meet half way for her parenting time in the summer.  What must I give the court to make it legal?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can I sue my customer for calling me a racist in front of everybody? Can I sue my customer for calling me a racist in front of everybody?	Employment Questions	New York
What are my rights as a renter & Is my landlord responsible for this damage or am I? I have a very serious mold and bug problem at my house that I am currently renting. My landlord refuses to  pay for or even help with these issues. This is becoming bad to where I feel our health is at risk. I am curious to what my rights are as a renter. Is my landlord responsible for this  damage or am I?  Also.  this damage was done before I took residency. Thank you	Real Estate Questions	California
How do we respond if our brand is in conflict with another company? We received a letter from our trademark application that our brand name may be in conflict with another company. We want to respond and make our case, but make sure we take all the necessary steps in doing so.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
How do I file a claim on another person for $22000.00 for a loan not paid? How do I file a claim on another person for $22000.00 for a loan not paid?	Consumer Questions	California
If I married an illegal immigrant and he overstayed after his visa expires, could he get a work permit? What if I marry an illegal immigrant who came to USA at H4 visa and overstayed after his visa expired. Would he get a work permit and how long will it take?	Immigration Questions	Maryland
do I have the right to not go to work without the fear of losing my job if they're testing safeness? If my workplace is being tested for potential health safety violations and I don't feel it is a safe environment, do I have the right to not go to work, without the fear of losing my job.	Employment Questions	Michigan
Is it illegal for a company to write an insufficient funds check? Is it illegal for a company to write an insufficient funds check?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Is it legal to suspend somebody from work after the situation has passed over a month? Is it legal to suspend somebody from work after the situation has passed over a month?	Employment Questions	California
Can my landlord put a No Trespassing sign on the property I rent without my knowledge? I rent a property with manufactured home on it since January 20, 2012. Today, my landlord put a No Trespassing sign on that property without my knowledge. Can he do that?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
How can I find out salaries of union leaders? How can I find out salaries of union leaders?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If an illegal immigrant marries a US Citizen, is he eligible for a green card and naturalization? If an illegal immigrant marries a US Citizen  (has been for three years), is he eligible for a green card and naturalization?	Immigration Questions	Utah
Grounds for defamation if someone says that you have a borderline personality disorder & it's false?
 If someone says that you have a borderline personality disorder, and it is false, is that grounds for defamation of character?	Family Questions	Colorado
True that I can not file suit against a bad drug manufacturer? In the state of Michigan I have been told that I can not file suit against a bad drug manufacturer? Is this the case? Or can I file a suit?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Legal rights if I was rear ended driving my fiance's car but not sure if I'm covered by his insurance? Hi. Yesterday I was rear ended driving my fiance's car but not sure if I'm covered by his insurance. What are my legal rights?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Responding to a divorce, does the weekend and holidays count? When responding to a divorce it states you have 30 CALENDER days to do so, does that include weekend and holidays?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can agent sue me if I cancel buyer agent agreement then make offer with new agent? If I cancel my buyer agent agreement, then later make an offer on a home with a new agent, am I protected from the 1st agent suing me in california?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Is it against the law to video record a law officer in VA if there is violation of VA laws?  Is it against the law to video record a law officer in VA if there is violation of VA laws? And what can I do? Should take him to court for breaking the law our do I sue county.	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Question regarding a 50/50 business partnership with my wife and another couple? My wife and I entered a 50/50 business partnership with another couple with the intent to open a small retail business.  We did not have any partnership agreement drawn up.  This partnership was really one of mutual interest and was started b/c we could not each start individual businesses due to not having the capital to do so.  We started the process of opening this business when the first sign that maybe this partnership wasn't going to work.  We invested 5k so far.  We walked away from the partnership due to our concerns.  What are our rights or entitlements to any money invested since the partner's want to continue on with the business.  Do they need to repay us/buy us out?  Thank you.Ben	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Where can I get an Example of wording to file a Frivolous Lawsuit when counter-suing? Where can I get an Example of wording to file a Frivolous Lawsuit when counter-suing?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
In a retainer, what is the difference between a flat fee and a capped fee? In a retainer, what is the difference between a flat fee and a capped fee?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	District of Columbia
If a person goes and change name to yours without your consent, what kind of offense is that? If a person goes to a vital record office and change her/his name to yours without your consent, what kind of offense is that? Is it a perjury or a felony or what?	Family Questions	California
If you get served stating that you owe money as far back as 16 years ago is the person owed the money? If you get served with  papers stating that you owe money as far back as 16 years ago is the person owed the money	Family Questions	New York
What can i do about some people from the government stalking me & no one believing me? What can i do about some people from the government stalking me and law enforcement refusing to take a report insisting that I'm crazy when there are witnesses?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Question about US federal/state capital gains owed on sale of overseas property? Question is about US federal/state capital gains owed on sale of overseas property. US permanent resident (since 2008, current California resident) sold Australian investment property in 2011 for $360000 AUD. The property was purchased in 2002 for $255000 AUD.  The exchange rate changed from 0.5  USD per AUD in 2002 to 1.0 USD per AUD in 2011.What is the approximate Federal/CA capital gains tax owed (with just the purchase price as the cost basis)?	Real Estate Questions	California
if I'm selling a home for cash do you still need to go thru a title company? if I'm selling a home for cash do you still need to go thru a title company?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
If victim denies medical attention at crime scene and goes to hospital later is defendant liable for bills? If victim denies medical attention at crime scene and victim goes to hospital later is defendant liable for bills?	Personal Injury Questions	Indiana
Can my employer withhold my last check? Can my employer withhold my last check?	Employment Questions	California
Do I have to split the rewrite amount I receive with my wife? I'm getting divorced and have Intellectual property that I know I have to split with my wife in the form of past scripts.  However after the script is sold, I'm hired to do a rewrite on the script.  Do I have to split the rewrite amount I receive with my wife?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How do I file a " Fraud against the court" claim? How do I file a " Fraud against the court" claim ?	Criminal Questions	California
Can my bank foreclose on me if I paid late on my modified mortgage? I recently gotten my mortgage modified  with Bank of America and happen to pay late but is current. Can they foreclose on me still?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Any recourse if I recently broke two toes accessing an entryway to a rented home? I recently broke two toes accessing an entryway to a rented home. Do I have any recourse?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
What are my rights if I slipped on something in a store that has not yet been detected? I slipped on something in a department store. What i slipped on has not yet been detected. What are my rights?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Is the landlord responsible and can I break my lease if he won't hire an exterminator? I am renting a house in South Florida and have had issues with rodents and roaches in the house. The landlord refuses to hire a professional exterminator. We've been using bug spray almost daily in the house, but still finding live and dead roaches everyday. I clean the house frequently an don't leave food out. I woke up this morning with a dead roach in my bed. Is the landlord responsible and can I break my lease?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How much do I owe my attorney for a custody issue? I hired an attorney for a custody issue with a $2,000 retainer. The attorney told me that she would let me know when she was approaching the retainer amount. She never contacted me, but I received a bill for $3,150. I had never intended to expend more than the $2,000. My signed attorney contract says $160/hour. Do I owe the attorney for $1,150 of unauthorized services beyond the retainer?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What are my rights as a non-custodial parent? My son's mother is his custodial parent right now.  She told me that I could come get my son to come stay with me because he has been getting into trouble at school.  I need to know what are my rights as a parent if I come to get him and his mother decides to change her mind.	Family Questions	Tennessee
True that POA dies with the deceased? My brother has had POA over our mother and over all of her finances. Now that she may pass he is saying that my sister and I will have to take care of her funeral that power of attny dies with her. Is this true or because he was over her finances too he has to take care of all her bill?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a mortgage loan servicing co. change our mortgage even if we are current with our loan? Can a mortgage loan servicing co. change, adjust or modify our mortgage even if we are current with our loan that includes property taxes and insurance?	Real Estate Questions	California
My employer of three years ran a background check without me knowing about it. Then, I was fired. Are they allowed to run a background check without me knowing?	Employment Questions	Maryland
Should I incorporate as an LLC in my home state or elsewhere, or should I register as a C-corp? I have the standard question of most new companies: should I incorporate as an LLC in my home state or elsewhere, or should I register as a C-corp? My instinct says LLC--in the short term there will be only one investor and employee (myself). However once past the initial proof of concept phase (6mo-1yr), I'd like to hire an employee or two, bring on a partner, and take on some investors (friends and family). The business will be online with business operations in Illinois. Illinois LLC fees seem to most expensive. Does a Delaware LLC make any sense? Will it be difficult / expensive to transform into Corp later, if necessary? I am bootstrapping right now, so hiring an attorney doesn't seem like best use of scare resources. Thanks!	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	District of Columbia
Can one spouse be bound by a contract entered into by the other spouse in Illinois?	Contract Questions	Illinois
Can an employer cancel my shift 1 hour before it starts without paying me? Can an employer cancel my shift 1 hour before it starts without paying me?	Employment Questions	California
Once you go to court and plead not guilty can one change your plead to guilty? Once you go to court and plead not guilty can one change your plead to guilty?	Criminal Questions	California
What is my entitlement from FMLA and if I have to fight them do I have a fight? Under FMLA I have been reading the law and as I understand I am entitled to 12 weeks unpaid leave w/ins benefits still intact for the birth and care of my newborn. My Dr put medical reason this date to return, but FMLA date family care return date at the end of 12 weeks. My corporate office is trying to insist I can not take the full 12 weeks b/c there is no medical condition to satisfy that return date, but the FMLA states that even for a healthy newborn free of medical problems. What is my entitlement and if I have to fight them do I have a fight?	Employment Questions	Florida
What type of action can be taken by my son in order for them to honor the original contract set? I don't actually own a company but, the area in which I need an answer was not offered in the for myself section so........ My son signed a contract through a college in Florida, financial aid was miscalculated by the financial person who done the paper work, payment was set on paper and signed by both. Financial advisor says the payment should have been much higher and is now threatening if the new amount isn't paid monthly he will not be allowed to continue. What type of action can be taken by my son in order for them to honor the original contract set?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Legal if my checking account was empty for an old child support case? i am a disabled veteran receiving benefits and I went to get money out of my checking account and it was empty. My kids are in their late 20s so its old but child support took it all. Is this legal?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
What other options do we have besides bankruptcy? I have a commercial  lease agreement for 5 years, need to get out of it due to my husbands job relocating. I have made several attempts to sublease the business and currently we have a buyer interested but yet no decision has been made. I have talked to the landlord to find out what will happen if this buyer does not agree to take the business, he says we are personally liable. We need to move by April 1st. We have even offered to give the landlord a penalty fee if he lets us get out of the lease. We have no exit clause written in our lease. What other options do we have besides bankruptcy?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
Is it legal for a convenient store to charge double the price of a grocery store for their food? Is it legal for a convenient store to charge double the price of a grocery store for their food?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
What is the legal recourse if an employer was to terminate employment without cause or notice? What is the legal recourse if an employer was to terminate employment without cause or notice?	Employment Questions	Virginia
If my husband only makes $203 a week how much of that would would child support for one son? If my husband only makes $203 a week how much of that would he have to give of child support for one son?	Family Questions	California
Can my past employer stop me from getting unemployment? Can my past employer stop me from getting unemployment?	Employment Questions	New York
What do i do if my estranged husband took photos of the downstairs? My ex-husband and I have been separated for six months. I still live in the marital home. Last weekend he entered the home when I was not in (children were home) without my consent and took photos of the downstairs. Is that allowed?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Question regarding my work firing me? My work fired me this morning. There is a lot to say and is there any way i can talk on phone and explain everything?	Employment Questions	California
I received a final invoice from my painting contractor for painting my house, which was very close to their estimate, and a few days later received a "revised" quote for much more money. Am I obliged to pay the "revised" quote? There were working hours were added that I cannot substantiate, and material charges were added that I can not substantiate.	Contract Questions	New Hampshire
Can I sue for a check being stolen and illegally cashed? I live in Florida. Someone stole my government issued check from my mailbox and cashed it. I have a copy of the cancelled check that shows where they forged my signature. What legal recourse can I take? Can I file a civil suit against the check cashing store that illegally cashed the check?	Criminal Questions	Florida
When is a pet dog considered abandoned? When is a pet dog considered abandoned?We were asked by my brother in law to watch his dog.  We have had him for over a year and he has come to pick him up against our approval. This is after several vet bills, dog food etc.  the family has become attached to ghe dog?	Family Questions	California
How  would I be able to get power of attorney for my grandmother her being a care home? I have a grandmother that is 104 years old in a care home. My aunt (her daughter) passed away recently and was the sole power of attorney financially for my grandmother.  How  would I be able to get power of attorney for her with her being a care home?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What are the consequences of secondary parent taking child from primary parent out of state & keeping child? What are the consequences of secondary parent taking child from primary parent out of state to Oklahoma and keeping child	Family Questions	California
Can the loan company sell my home to pay what's left on the loan even though the deed is nut in her name? My mother took out a loan on my house 18 years ago at that time the deed was in her name but was put back in my name 10 years ago. I wasn't aware of this loan until last month when my mother passed away. Can the loan company sell my home to pay what's left on the loan even though the deed is nut in her name?	Real Estate Questions	California
Now that the land is on my name does my uncle still maintain his exclusive right since I'm the new owner? Yes good day. I have a piece of property which I inherited. My uncle has an exclusive rights easement which he obtained through my mother for $1.00 which puts land damage to the value of the land. Now that the land is on my name does he still maintain his exclusive right since I'm the new owner? It has made it very difficult to sell property. What law do I look under to get  more info? This is in Mass.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Legal if my employer said that I need to take a day off without pay when I'm a salaried employee? I work in New York as a salaried employee.  My employer said that I need to take a day off without pay.  Is that legal?	Employment Questions	New York
What's the law for receiving wages due when leaving a job? My son was hired by a Boston software company as a paid intern for the Spring semester. The company did not pay him for the last 6 weeks of his time there, but gave him 3 post dated checks to cover the wages due.  The checks are post dated over several months, is that legal? What's the law for receiving wages due when leaving a job?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Anything I can do if my boss ignores me & will say I voluntarily quit & won't be able to get unemployment? I'm a security guard. I have been at my site over a year. As soon as my baby was born my site supervisor started complaining about my availability even though I work whatever is on my schedule but have trouble being called in, on the day of. On the 9th my site supervisor and security company boss was waiting on me. They said I left a door unlocked, but only complained about my availability. So I was kicked off site. My security company boss said I had to come in for a review on  7-16-12. I have called my boss everyday since. I have left messages but no one is responding to me. I believe my boss thinks if he ignores me he can say I voluntarily quit instead of being fired and wont be able to collect unemployment. Is there anything I can do?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Is there something I need to tell my attorney if I have been diagnosed with unrelated cancer? My CA workers comp case is close to settlement.I have recently been diagnosed with unrelated cancer.Is this something I need to tell my attorney?	Personal Injury Questions	California
How long does a former employer have to send final pay? How long does a former employer have to send final pay?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Do you have to have two license plates in New York? Do you have to have two license plates in New York state?	Criminal Questions	New York
Question regarding an eviction notice for non-payment of rent but he wont repair things? i have an eviction notice from landlord for non payment of rent but he wont repair things that need done and I believe this house is going for foreclosure. Not sure how to check on that.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How to get custody of my daughter? I am looking to get custody of my daughter who resides in Connecticut and I live in Florida. She is thirteen years old and her dad has custody. She wants to be with me now and her dad has a lot of criminal, drug activity and going on his probation. Where do I start?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I take legal action for violation of private info by tmobile and failure of AT&T to protect my account? A few days ago AT&T; cancelled my cell phone account without notice. When I inquired they informed me that tmobile had sent a number transfer request. I never authorized tmobile to do so nor did I provide ten account information and numbers to initiate this. AT&T; allowed the transfer without proper verification and I'm wondering if I can take legal action for 1)misuse/violation of private information by tmobile, and/or 2) failure of AT&T; to protect my account and privacy?	Consumer Questions	Texas
Do I need to be emancipated if my grandfather has custody and I'm 17? I am 17. I live in Hollywood Florida. I am looking too move out of my house. My grandfather has custody. Is it legal for me too move out with his permission or do I need to be emancipated?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I claim full payment of original loan on foreclosed property? I have foreclosed on a piece of land for non-payment of the loan.   The property is now worth less than the amount of the loan.   Do I have the right to claim full payment of the original amount of the loan?	Finance Questions,Real Estate Questions	Nevada
If I apply my sister visiting visa what should I do? i applied my parents for immigrant but my unmarried sister  age 40 can not live without them my parents have interview date Oct 4-2012. If I apply my sister visiting visa what should I do?	Immigration Questions	New York
Allowed to make me pay to get the carpet clean and deduct it out of the security deposit?
 I live in a senior building for a year and a half. I am moving to another building in a different county. They are telling me I have to pay to get the carpet clean. There is no damage or stains on the carpet. They say they will take it out of security. It is not written in the lease about that. Are they allowed to do that?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What do I do if my work is discriminating against me because I'm a female? I am a woman and on the same job for five years without a pay increase.  Men have been hired since and all have been with the company less time than I have and all are making more money than me.  When I ask for a raise I am told that the company cannot afford it, but I see what the men are making and even the new hires are making more than me.  What do I do?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How can my husband become a us citizen if he was deported and is illegally back before the ban is up? How can my husband become a us citizen or permanent resident if he has been deported and is in the us illegally back before the ban is up?I want to file a I-130 and I-601 but I don't know what else to do I have a mental disorder would that help him come back if he is deported again and we also have a son would that help too?	Immigration Questions	Oklahoma
My 5 year old son and I live in Texas. My ex-husband is moving to Washington DC. My ex husband is very deceiving and cannot be trusted. I feel uncomforable with my son going to DC in summers and spring break. How can I make sure he sends my son back home and who takes care of him when my ex works?	Family Questions	Texas
If I give my ex a copy of my son's birth certificate, can the father use it against me to gain custody? I have sole custody of my son. His father would like a copy of his birth certificate too sign him up too play baseball. If I give him a copy is there any way in the future he could use this against me too try and gain custody? The father is not listed on the birth certificate.	Family Questions	Florida
Can they legally take the money without notifying me? I was 7 days late paying my business loan this month as some of my customers are late paying me and I choose to pay my suppliers before my loan. The bank took the loan payment out of my account without telling me causing the checks to my suppliers to bounce. Can they legally take they money without notifying me?	Finance Questions	Wyoming
Is there a law that I could quote him stating why I can't speak with him about it? I sent a rejection letter to an applicant.  The applicant's father wants us to tell him why?  He was explained that we cannot discuss why, but can only speak with the applicant.  Is there a law that I could quote to him stating why I can't speak with him about it?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Do I have a legal right to the money since the new owner intends to live in the house? I had lease option to buy a house and the owner sold it to someone else. I had paid a total of $2400, $200 a month. the owner did not give the $2400 to the new owner. Do I have a legal right to the money since the new owner intends to live in the house?	Real Estate Questions	California
is sending a notice of demand via certified mail suitable to take my car back legally after nonpayment? is sending a notice of demand via certified mail suitable to take my car back legally after nonpayment per written agreement?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
I'm a singer who performed vocals on an artists album. Am I not entitled to a copy of my vocals even though they wrote the song?	Copyright Questions	Connecticut
Can school remove courses from transcript if you owe money after graduation? Are schools legally allowed to remove courses from your transcript if they say you owe money after graduating?	Administrative Law Questions,Commercial Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my wife get my pension in a divorce if married four years and no children? Can my wife get my pension in a divorce if married four years and no children?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What standing does a verbal agreement have? What standing does a verbal agreement have?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Is a text message enough evidence to arrest a person that sent the text message about drugs? if a person sends a text message saying he/she gave another person money to buy drugs but did not received the drugs, is the text message enough evidence to arrest the person that sent the text message?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Question of Liability when removed from act. Am I liable if two or more people who find themselves on my website, that is designed to connect people to perform a legal act, instead commit an illegal act?	Commercial Questions	California
Is there a labor law that states that if I have two full time job and quit one but keep the other one and get fired a couple months later? Is there a labor law that states that if I have two full time job and quit one but keep the other one and get fired a couple months later? Is there any reason that I shouldn't get unemployment?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Is my employer required to pay me for that hour prior to my scheduled arrival time? I work for a major retailer in the state of PA.  The shifts I am scheduled to work are on "on call".  I am required to call in 1 hour prior to my scheduled arrival time to confirm it I am needed or not.  Is my employer required to pay me for that hour?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
What's the difference between chapter 7 and chapter 13 bankruptcy? What's the difference between chapter 7 and chapter 13 bankruptcy?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can a landlord evict a tenant if they state that they smelled marijuana in an apartment but no proof? Can a landlord evict a tenant if they state that they smelled marijuana in an apartment but have no physical evidence to support the allegation?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Legal for a law enforcer to strike an unarmed intoxicated person in the head with a maglight? is it legal for a law enforcement officer to strike an unarmed intoxicated person in the head with a maglight?	Personal Injury Questions	Kentucky
If I make less than $4000 do I have to file taxes? If I make less than $4000 do I have to file taxes?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I send someone else to represent me as a minor's legal guardian if i can't make it to the immigration court date? Can I send someone else to represent me as a minor's legal guardian if i can't make it to the immigration court date?	Immigration Questions	New York
Purchased car with lien on title and seller dies. Hi, I purchased a car and the seller passed away. There is a lien on the title that I was unaware of. Is there anything I can do about this?	Banking Law Questions,Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Legal Questions,None Questions	Rhode Island
What to do if my employer deposited my pay into the wrong account but refuses to fix it? I was doing work for a company who deposited my pay into the wrong account but refuses to fix it?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Texas
Question regarding trying to get out of lease for an apartment and I didn't get job and cannot pay? Trying to get out of lease for an apartment and I didn't get job and cannot pay. My mom co-signed with me but is having to file bankruptcy. Apartment manager says cannot get out of lease.	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Is it legal for someone else to cash a CD? My husband and I were given a CD four yrs ago by a friend. When she died we tried to cash it in and the bank said someone already cashed it. The CD was in trust for us. Is it legal for someone else to cash this CD?	Consumer Questions	New York
If I pulled a knife on a coworker what are the consequences? If I pulled a knife on a coworker what are the consequences?	Criminal Questions	Maryland
Can a verbal agreement be canceled? Can a verbal agreement be canceled?	Consumer Questions	New York
Can my sister who is a minor, join our mom to the US after I petitioned her? I'm a US citizen and I petitioned my mom to come here in the US. Can my sister who is a minor, join her to the US?	Immigration Questions	California
Possible case if the bank doesn't have the certificate or title on file? Bank of America holds my mortgage that the bought when Countrywide went belly up. I was instructed by a friend to call them and ask them if they could provide me with a copy of the hard title. They told me they don't have the certificate or title on file. She looked through all of the documents that they have including the original application but they cannot seem to provide me with this certificate. I was told that this hard title or certificate is the document that legally entitles them to receive payment on this loan and proves that they own the property. Please let me know if I have a case and if I need to get an attorney.	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if I'm falsely accused of taking a patient's medication? I just found out that I am being accused of taking a patients medication that I didn't take. What can I do?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
If 2 people own a foreclosed house & one person files bankruptcy, is the other person liable for the house? If two people own a house and it is going into foreclosure and one person files bankruptcy, is the other person liable for the house? The other person being a senior on social security and the bankrupt person is her daughter. This is in the state of Ga.	Real Estate Questions	California
I have been married to a U.S. citizen for four years now. Is it wise to start the process for him to petition me now? HiMy name is Cristina. I have been married to a U.S citizen for four years now. Is it wise to start the process for him to petition me now? If he petitions me now then in six months we would have our first interview, two months from then a second interview. By this time, President  Obama's new waiver law would be in effect. Please give me your advice.	Immigration Questions	New York
If I marry a Mexican who is not legally in the USA can they get their green card faster? If I marry a Mexican who is not legally in the USA can they get their green card faster?	Immigration Questions	California
Will illegal immigrant married to US citizen with children be able to get papers? I am married to a U.S. citizen ( she was born in Puerto Rico) I entered the U.S. illegally from Mexico 10 years ago. We have been married for a year and have 2 kids ( 4 year old and 2 month  old) Will it be really hard to get my papers?	Immigration Questions	New York
What steps do I have to follow to give my wife papers? What steps do I have to follow to give my wife papers?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
If I'm married to an illegal alien can he get legal? If I'm married to an illegal alien can he get legal?	Immigration Questions	North Carolina
How do I legalize my husband so we can live peacefully and he can adopt my two children?  how do I legalize my husband so we can live peacefully and he can adopt my two children? We have a child together as well.	Immigration Questions	Georgia
Need help filing citizenship for illegal immigrant husband. I am a US citizen and he entered the US illegally from Honduras.  We have been together for almost 6 years. We have a son who is 4, and we've been married for 3 1/2 years. He has been our financial support since 2007. What can we do at this point?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
Should private piano teacher and freelance tutor form LLC? I am a private piano teacher, traveling to student homes and my husband is a freelance tutor. Should we form an LLC for tax purposes?	Tax Questions	Washington
How can I sue my employer for not paying me? Hello, how can I sue my employer for not paying me?	Real Estate Questions	14
What else can my husband do after he has filed for unemployment and been turn down? What else can my husband do after he has filed for unemployment and been turn down?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is it legal to wear a "T" shirt with a profane curse word written on it? Is it legal to wear a "T" shirt with a profane curse word written on it?	Criminal Questions	Florida
When I leave my wife for the intent to divorce, what can I take from the house?  When I leave my wife for the intent to divorce, what can I take from the house? The car is only in my name. Can I take that?	Family Questions	Michigan
Question regarding my late father and his living will and trust? My dad died on the 25th of July and know he had a living will and trust. But his wife is not communicating with me my brother and my sister. What can I do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Do I need to register each division of parent company separately? I am starting a business in MN that will eventually serve as the parent company for four or five seperate divisions. Do I need to register each division with the Secretary of State's office as "Parent Company DBA _______Division?"	Business Internet Questions,Corporate Questions	Minnesota
If I buy a house that has 2 mortgages on it and pay off the primary lender what happens to the 2nd motrgage holder? If I buy a house that has 2 mortgages on it and pay off the primary lender what happens to the 2nd mortgage holder?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my realty/landlord charge me 45.00 a month for a dog?  Can my realty/landlord charge me 45.00 a month for a dog?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Am I legally obligated to remove the address from my website if another bike shop has the same address? If I close my bike shop and another person opens his bike shop at the same address, am I legally obligated to remove the address from my web site? I still have my web site up for reference. Thanks	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
If a child turns 18 but is still a junior in high school, can they legally separate from their parents without their parents being able to stop them? If a child turns 18 but is still a junior in high school, can they legally separate from their parents without their parents being able to stop them?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
tenants rights What are my rights as a tenant paying week to week without a lease in Maryland?	Real Estate Questions	Maryland
Am I abandoning children if I move out but pay child support during absence? I am getting a divorce in the state of New York. I moved out from my home 6 months ago. I have paid my soon-to-be-ex child support every month since I have been gone. Can she get me for abandonment of my 20-year old daughter and 14-year old daughter??	Family Questions	New York
Any advice to getting my trademark accepted? I applied for a trademark and was denied - my response I thought was strong as the trademark I applied for is my company name.  It does include the word "best" in it as thousands of other trademarks do.  I was denied again saying the term best was laudatory.  This is no in final action and I would like to respond and get my trademark accepted before it is final. Any advice?  I had attorneys send me letters telling me they would submit during the first round but no one has sent anything since.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
How do I protect my idea if I have an idea for a bar and grill? I have a concept for a bar and grille that I want to market as a franchise. What the best way to protect my idea?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
How much modification from original item needed to copyright? How much difference does there need to be from the original item to my own modifications, in order to copyright or patent?	Copyright Questions,Patent Questions	California
Can a parent without parental rights file a motion for joint custody from a third party guardian? Can a parent without parental rights file a motion for joint custody from a third party guardian?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Can I terminate violent father's paternal rights? I currently have a restraining order on my child's father due to him punching me in the stomach when I was pregnant. He has gotten this girl to attack me when my daughter was only 2 mos. old. He has recently stabbed the same girl in the forehead. Can I terminate his paternal rights?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions	Louisiana
How can I file for divorce and require my husband to pay the costs?  How can I file for divorce and require my husband to pay the costs?  He has control of the  majority of the income.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is an apartment lease legally binding if only one person signs it and there is a line for a parent signature requiring a notary seal?  Is an apartment lease legally binding if only one person signs it and there is a line for a parent signature requiring a notary seal?  My son signed a lease and the landlord requires my signature with a notary seal on the lease but I do not want him to rent the apartment.  Can we get out of the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How do we get grandparent rights for our 6 month old granddaughter? The mother has recently moved and has stopped all contact with the father's family. We would like set visitation with out granddaughter. What do we do? We miss her so much.	Family Questions	Vermont
If my ex is not my daughter's biological father is he obligated to financially support her also? I have joint custody of my daughter with my ex husband. He is not her biological father is he obligated to financially support her also? In Connecticut.	Family Questions	Connecticut
Can I get my California id with just my approval letter? Can I get my California id with just my approval letter?	Immigration Questions	California
How to have seller disclose number of bidders for house? If a person places a bid contract on a house and the real estate company for the seller states someone else has also placed a contract on the house. The owner wants both parties to make their best offer possible and they will accept only one, how do you find out if there really was another bidder?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	Vermont
Does wife's family have to get me a lawyer?  If my wife's family gets her a divorse lawyer. Do they have to get me a lawyer?	Family Questions	Florida
Lawyers taking more than agreed to portion of settlement. I just went through a lawsuit and the parties settled, but my lawyers are taking half when I only agreed to 33%. There is a lot more involved but that's my main thing I wanted to say. What do I do?	California Questions,Legal Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
I'm getting my idea patented & they asked me for 942 to start it. Do you think I should do it? I'm getting my idea patented & they asked me for 942 to start it. Do you think I should do it?	Consumer Questions	Ohio
If the officer didn't read me my rights can I get my case dropped in court? I was arrested last week and the officer didn't read me my rights. Can I get my case dropped in court?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Former employers responding to prospective employers about employees. What can former employers say in response to questions from prospective employers when answering questions about their former employee?	Employment Questions	Kansas
What can I do if my wife left the state with my kids and her new boyfriend won't let me speak to them? My wife left the state with my kids. Now her new boyfriend won't let me speak with her or my kids. What can I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
If I'm an immigrant greencard holder, can I get re-entry permit from US embassy in Turkey? If I'm an immigrant greencard holder, can I get re-entry permit from US embassy in Turkey where I was interviewed?	Immigration Questions	California
What are the legal fees and liability fees for starting a local babysitter company? I'm starting a company that helps people find local babysitters in their area. I was hoping to get an idea of the bare bone legal fees, including liability waivers? Also, we are going to be brokering the deals, so compensating the babysitters will also have be spelled out. Plus corporate structure and preparing to take in a round of seed capital?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
What to do for a lease that rolled over but I canceled?  I own an apartment building in California and lease a washer and dryer. I gave a 60 day notice that I'm discontinuing the lease and they told me it automatically rolled over on the year anniversary to another year lease.	Consumer Questions	California
Cell phone tower built on neighboring property obstructs view from my property. I own property in WY with (formerly) unobstructed views of the Big Horn Mountains. My neighbor allowed AT&T; to erect a huge cell phone tower on their property.  Also, I am in the process of selling 35 of my acres which now has been affected greatly by this obstuctive tower.  What can I do?  Thanks!	Real Estate Questions	Wyoming
If a person is considered legally deaf is their hearing aid still considered personal property? if a person is considered legally deaf is their hearing aid still considered personal property?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
I received a NJ refund last year and would like to know if I have to declare it as income to NY? I work in NJ and live in NY. My NJ income taxes paid are credited towards my NY income taxes which are higher.  I received a NJ refund last year and would like to know if I have to declare it as income to NY?Additionally, I paid some back taxes owed to NY last year on a payment plan. Is that deductible this year and where do I enter it on the form?  Thanks for your help.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
Can an employer terminate  your medical insurance on the same day they fire you? Can an employer terminate  your medical insurance on the same day they fire you?	Employment Questions	Oklahoma
What are my chances of prevailing in court with a furniture appraisal of $2200? Consigned furniture for $2,500, but store sold it for $329, netting me $164.00.  This sale was without my knowledge or approval.  I want furniture returned or replacement appraisal value of $2200.  What are chances of prevailing in court?	Consumer Questions	New York
Question regarding a message from United legal services that i needed to call them to resolve a debt? I got a message from United legal services that i needed to call them to resolve a debt or me and my atty have to show up in court when i get subpeonaed. Well i called and they couldn't find me in their system by name or phone number and was told to disregard since i didn't have the case number. I would get a subpeona and there is nothing they can do after that. So I'm not sure what to do.	Consumer Questions	Georgia
What can we do if the verbal agreement falls through? We are a startup and were looking to partner with a tech firm to help build our platform. Our team member recommended a friend who owns a small tech shop. Before verbal agreements, as a friend, the owner of the tech shop secured our domain for us (our company URL). He verbalized this as a favor, not as work on our behalf. In the next few weeks, it was apparent their firm was not the right firm. No commitment was made to them on rates or if any of their initial work was to be paid for. No contract either.When they were not capable of doing the project, they sent us a large random invoice based on no agreement, and they are not giving us the URL which is the very domain name of our company. What can or should we do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Use of evidence from hidden camera During the last 2 years my mother has had so much money stolen from her at an Assisted Living Facility.  Since there has been no proof, nobody was able to do anything.  I finally took matters into my own hands and had a hidden camera in an alarm clock installed.  Now, we do have the proof.  My question is, is it legal since we did not put a sign up anouncing what we are doing? The facility has a camera at each exit and there are no sign saying that it does.  Is there any difference?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
How do I get my money back if a company did not develop my website on time? I hire a company to develop a website for my company.  The deadline for completion date was August 2011.  Now, it's Jan 2012, and the website has not been completed.  From May until now, January, 2012:This company has experienced many internal problems such as broken computer causing loss of programmings, weather problems causing inability to work on website Site, president's personal issues, this company's work with other customers...etc.   These problems have not only caused delay in completion of my website but also caused business interruption, loss of profits, and loss of potential business relationships between my company and its clients.  Now I want all my money back.  I don't want any products from this company.	Commercial Questions	California
What will happen to the house when my husband and I get a divorce? I been married over a year and we bought a house together & I'm about to file for divorce. What will happen with the house?	Family Questions	Florida
Would father's social security and pension be at risk if home forecloses? My Father resides in Michigan and owes approximately $58k on his home. The balance is in the form of a personal loan and not a mortgage loan. He has 2 sources of income - social security and a pension from Ford. If he foreclosed on his home, would his social security and/or pension be at risk?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What is usually the outcome for 2 charges-assault on a leo and resisting with violence? What is usually the outcome for 2 charges-assault on a leo and resisting with violence?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can a h4 visa status run a business? Can a h4 visa status run a business?	Immigration Questions	Kentucky
As an independent contractor is this a non-compete clause? I am an independent contractor (animal chiropractor) who is being asked to sign an agreement where the vet office. I will be working and want to take ownership of all the patients I bring in and I have currently. Is this legal? Also they have a clause that states that if I leave I can not directly compete with them for 24 months. I live in CA. Is this a non compete clause?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can I file a lawsuit against Sprint if a worker harassed me on her personal line? A sprint representative called me several times on her personal line without my permission after she finished assisting me. Can I file a lawsuit against Sprint?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What if my landlord kept all my deposit for unreasonable charges? What if my landlord kept all my deposit for unreasonable charges?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How to add officer to corporation? How do I add an officer to my corporation?	Corporate Questions	California
Can I take possession of home that foreclosed while house-sitting? We were house-sitting when the home went into foreclosure. We have not heard from the bank and it has been over a year. Is there any way to take possession of the home?	Real Estate Questions	Maine
What can I do if 2 members of the Board do not like me and have been telling lies about me? I work for a very successful not for profit.  I report to a Board.  2 members of the Board do not like me and have been telling lies about me in the community. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
I have a video on YouTube that says that it might be copyrighted. I recorded my audition. Many of these videos can be found on YouTube. I made my own audio track and some words were different. I had also given credit to the original artist of the song. Is it still considered copyrighted content?	Copyright Questions	New York
/questions/0b3d9b0a02/possible-for-my-fiance-to-file-for-permanent-resid/

Was my landlord allowed to throw my stuff away without ever giving me an eviction notice? Was my landlord allowed to throw my personal stuff away out of my house without ever giving me an tenant eviction notice?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Am I settled if I make payments after getting a letter about owing for a committed embezzlement? If I get a letter from and Insurance company saying I owe for an embezzlement I committed. If I make payment arrangements with them. Am I good?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Question regarding my contract with Groupon saying they only pay for items they sell? I have a contract with Groupon saying they only pay for items they sell, not what they request you have available. (I wanted to provide 2,000 items, they wanted 6,000.) I agreed to have 4,000 on hand based on repeated assurances that they would run any unsold product on their other platforms. I have these assurances documented in emails, but it is not part of the written contract. They sold very few items on one promotion and now wont return my calls.  Even though the contract says they dont have to pay for unsold product, can they be held to their verbal ( but written in emails) promise to run the promotion on other platforms, so I don't get stuck with unsold inventory?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Am I responsible to repay the inheritance money my wife deposited in out account if we divorce? If my wife deposits her inheritance money in our joint banking account. Am I responsible to repay it if we divorce?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If my child doesn't want to spend the night at her father's, can the court send her to a group home? If my child does not want to spend the night at her alcoholic fathers house, can the court send her to a group home?	Family Questions	Michigan
Need someone to review a 7-page contract that a company is offering me? I need someone to review a 7-page contract that a company is offering me. I prefer the lawyer to have business and "stock" experience and be able to tell me if I'm on the right or wrong end of the contract.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
If my landlord gave me a 12 day notice, do i have to leave without compensation? My landlord is asking me to move out of my apartment for 1-5 days. They are offering to put me up in a hotel and that's it. They gave me a 12 day notice, do i have to leave without compensation?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can my wife leave and take the kids to another state without my approval? I'm a father with joint custody. My ex wife wants to take the kids to California for a job. I'm in Illinois. Can she leave without my approval?	Family Questions	Illinois
Question regarding my situation of not driving overnight but my boss forces me to? I'm a construction worker in Wisconsin who because of my home situation cannot work out of town overnight. My boss is forcing me to drive 2 hours each way without any financial  help or allowing time for my drive. On top of that he's paying cash (via personal check) to avoid having to pay overtime, what are my options?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
How do I find a good Probate lawyer? How do I find a good Probate lawyer? What should I ask to weed out the inexperienced?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Kentucky
Do I have rights to car that I made payments on but is in another's name? I have been making payments on a car for the last 3 years. I have receipts but the car is in someone else's name. Do I have any rights?	California Questions,Commercial Questions,Legal Questions	California
What to do if I just broke up with my boyfriend and he wants the custody of my 18-month-old baby just broke up with my boyfriend and he wants the custody of my 18-month-old baby. What should i do? What are the chances of me winning the custody of my baby?	Family Questions	California
Does a wife have to testify against her husband in a dwls case? Does a wife have to testify against her husband in a dwls case?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Girlfriend puts protection order on me, then drops it after I break it. My girlfriend put a protection order on me in July. I got caught with her and went to jail. I got 6 months unsupervised probation. She dropped the protection order last week. Can I still get into trouble because of my probation?	Criminal Questions	Wyoming
Why should Amazon seize all my Asset when I committed no Fraud? I was a  vendor/Seller on Amazon marketplace up until Nov. 11. when I was notified that I failed to meet the Amazon standard of less than 1%  product defect, hence my account was canceled immediately. I had no control over the cancellation of my account. In addition, Amazon seized  all my earnings over $600 and informed me that they will keep my money for three months or more until they are satisfied that there will be no request for refund.  I need advice as to what action I can take to retrieve my asset & the loss of which has caused me great difficulty. All communications and my selling  records are  available online including my appeal  and action plan to improve my selling , which was also rejected.   Thanks for your advice	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions	Florida
What should I do if my ex is harassing me and my employees? My soon to be ex husband is harassing me, my fellow employees, and my 8-year-old son. What should I do?	Family Questions	California
Can my finance comp repossess car and damage my credit if I refuse to sign a POA form? I refused to sign a power of attorney form to let my car insurance take my and auction it after they have listed the car as a total loss from a accident which is in their possession. Can my finance comp repossess the car and damage my credit to get their money from the insurance comp?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
How does a merchant determine the value of items shoplifted?  How does a merchant determine the value of items shoplifted? Do they go by the price tag or the retail value if items were purchased? Stores such as Kohl's have only one price printed on their tags. When items are purchased they give you the sale price.	Criminal Questions	Florida
If two people have been living as a couple for fifteen years is it considered a common law marriage? If two people have been living as a couple for fifteen years is it considered a common law marriage? We live in Georgia and he has been verbally and somewhat physically abusive the last six months. Do I have any rights He makes over $40,000 a year and I get $1,235 a month?	Family Questions	California
If we form a special purpose LLC, do we need to register with the SEC also? If we form a special purpose LLC in PA to invest in a growth stage company, do we need to register with the SEC also?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Pennsylvania
If I sponsor a person for citizenship what am I liable for? If I sponsor a person for citizenship what am I liable for?	Immigration Questions	New York
Which state best for creating Brazilian company's US subsidiary? We are creating a U.S subsidiary for our Brazilian Company. As it will be a fully controlled operational company, would it be better, in terms of simpler and cheaper, to do it in the state where we will have people (i.e: CA or NY) or do it in Delaware ?Thanks!The point that we want to evaluate is what would be simpler for our operation, considering that we may have to deal with two states in case we incorporate in Delaware and have people in other state.	Business Internet Questions,California Questions,Corporate Questions,Employment Questions,International Business Law Questions	South Carolina
What to do about hostile work environment from management? What to do about hostile work environment from management?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
If I sign a divorce summons, did I agree to her request for child custody? My wife just filed a divorce summons against me. If I signed it does it mean I just agreed to and am obligated to her request for child custody and support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What is the set back law on the property line in Orviston, PA? What is the set back law on the property line in Orviston, PA (16864)?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Working as a consultant in addition to part time salaried position If I have a part time salaried (professional) position is it typically ok to work as an independent consultant in parallel?  For example if I am a full time engineer who moves to part time, can I use the rest of the week to work on my own as a consultant?  Is this acceptable to most employers or not?	Employment Questions	Maryland
How can I settle the issue of my ex suing me for half the house when it's under my name? I recently purchased a house. The loan is in my name although my boyfriend put $6,000 down. We split up and he refuses to leave so I moved out. Now he is trying to take me to court for half the house while he is still living there rent free at my expense. I just want him gone. How can I go about doing this? I tried eviction and restraining order, nothing seems to work.	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding an authorization of a one time payment on my debit card for another individual? I authorized a one time payment on my debit card for another individual and before I allowed the company to charge my card, I explicitly stated for a one time charge. The conversation was recorded also. I was charged from the company and they are not wanting to refund my money. I did not sign an agreement with this company. What are my options?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can I solicit my own service business this year for extra money? I left my service company of six years in DEC of 2011. I did not sign any document of nature as to a no compete clause. Can I solicit my own service business this year for extra money?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Virginia
Is passing bad checks still against the law? Is passing bad checks still against the law? How do I file notification for some one that knowingly writes bad checks? I want it made public. She still owes me money.	Criminal Questions	Florida
Is using a Youtube to MP3 Converter service online for personal use an infringement of copyright law?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	South Dakota
What can I do if my lawyer wants me to make a decision on my case and I don't agree with him? What can I do if my lawyer wants me to make a decision on my case and I don't agree with him?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Is infringement on a copyright civil or criminal? Is infringement on a copyright civil or criminal?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Texas
How many days may a guest stay before they are considered a tenant? How many days may a guest stay before they are considered a tenant?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Can I file for bankruptcy if I've been sued by plaintiff and I have court trial day? Can I file for bankruptcy if I've been sued by plaintiff and I have court trial day?	Family Questions	California
Is it illegal to get fired through a text message? Is it illegal to get fired through a text message?	Employment Questions	New York
Can I be arrested at arraignment if released due to insufficient complaint? If I was released by a peace officer due to insufficient complaint (disposition code : 49b1), can I be arrested at arraignment?	Criminal Questions	California
If I gave my landlord 30 days notice can he demand access to the property? If I just gave my landlord 30 days notice can he demand from me an access to the property in order to show it to the prospective tenants? Do I have the right to keep my privacy while I am in the process of packing and moving? I also have 7 month old baby and would feel very uncomfortable having strangers going thru the house.Thank you,Tammy	Real Estate Questions	California
How does the 6th Amendment affect sentencing provisions against criminal defendants? Describe how the Sixth Amendment affects sentencing provisions implementing sentence enhancements against criminal defendants.	Criminal Questions	Florida
Now that I am married does my wife get a percentage of the house if we were to divorce? In Florida. I bought my house before getting married. Now that I am married does my wife get a percentage of the house if we were to divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If a sibling's name is added to the deed or title and then later is removed, does that sibling have to pay taxes, even though they made no profit at the time of transfer? A siblings name is added to the deed or title and then later is removed, does that sibling have to pay taxes, even though they made no profit at the time of transfer. They did receive value at the time it was put in their name.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
How do I get legal and primary custody? I own a house and my ex refuses to move out . We have a 3-year-old child together and the constant arguing is starting to affect her. How do I legally get him out? And get primary custody?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
If someone left me a house in a will, do I have to pay taxes? If someone left me a house in a will, do I have to pay taxes?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What can I do to have the judgement removed? A summons for suit of a past debt was delivered to my mom in MO.I no longer live in MO & was in the hospital in TX when the summons was served.The court's info shows that I was actually served, but I was not. I called the coll. agency & entered into a settlement agreement with them which was accepted by the original creditor.The coll. agency told me there was no need for me to appear in court & the attorneys would enter a continuance in the case until I paid the settlement in full after which the case would be dismissed w/o prejudice. I checked on the case after the court date & I had received a default judgement for not appearing in court. What can I do to have the judgement removed? I am handling this on my own as I cannot afford an attorney.	Consumer Questions	Missouri
Proposal legal if my friend asked me to form a corporation with him but owes state back taxes? A friend has asked me to form a corporation to handle the financial aspects of his long established computer business. He would deposit monies into my business account, and I would keep the books, write the checks, etc. He owes significant state back taxes. Is this proposal legal?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
How do I go about filing for custody? How do I go about filing for custody?	Family Questions	Connecticut
I am a Chinese lawyer. I want to konw how I can get the information regarding shareholders of a company incorporated in US? None	Corporate Questions	California
Can bank charge penalty on CDs?  Can a bank charge withdrawal penalty on CDs listed under a trust that was to terminate at time of death?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
If I'm not married, can I fight for custody of my child I had with my girlfriend? If I'm not married, can I fight for custody of my child I had with my girlfriend?	Family Questions	Georgia
Florida will I wish to change my Florida will so my grandchildren, not my son, get the probated assets of my will. Do I need to write a new will or just an addendum that is notarized? Thank you.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Question regarding owning a descriptive trademark? We own a descriptive trademark.  The trademark is registered with the USPTO and continuous use since 1996.  We want to take all proactive steps to establish secondary meaning for our trademark to protect it.  The trademark is for a website name.Ideas we have heard to establish secondary meaning include documenting history of the brand, advertising expenditures, and even a consumer survey. What are the best actions we can take to reinforce our brand trademark's secondary meaning?   What sort of questions would we ask in the consumer survey, if for example - the trademark was for    xyz.com ?   Does the survey have to be executed by a certain type of research firm?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Colorado
Illegal for a landlord to have utilities on the same meter as the tenant? In Pennsylvania is it illegal for a landlord to have utilities on the same meter as the tenant and bill tenant their share of the bill?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an employer give you a raise one year, let you work at that rate for the entire year and then cut your salary and raise others salary in your group? Can an employer give you a raise one year, let you work at that rate for the entire year and then cut your salary and raise others salary in your group? All the while you have been held in high esteem.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Do I have proof to file a case if landlord never received our deposit but my brother-in-law kept the money? Almost two months ago I was planning on moving,  my brother in law told us we could move downstairs for $850.00 a month, and that we needed $425.00 for a security deposit. We purchased a money order for $425.00 and we were unable to make it out to the direct landlord because we didn't know his name. My brother in law came to our current resident to pick the money up and my mother was a witness to that. However the money order was not made out to anyone. We still have the receipt for it. We ended up not moving there after finally speaking with the landlord and finding out he had no clue we were moving in. And he never received our security deposit. My brother in law kept the money. Do I have enough proof to file a small claims case?	Consumer Questions	California
Possible for the local law enforcement to place a trespass order against me from my own home? I live in the state of Indiana. I am married. However the local law enforcement in my town had placed a trespass order against me from my own home. How is this possible?	Family Questions	Indiana
Is contract legally binding if hidden in another signed contract? I had my teacher sign a contract stating no matter how much money is raised we get to pie her. This was included in another contract and i did not tell her about it and she signed it anyway. Is this a legal contract?	Contract Questions	Colorado
Is it against the law to not pay employee's holiday pay? Is it against the law to not pay employees holiday pay?	Employment Questions	California
/questions/7eb499ee2f/question-regarding-leasing-with-tenants/

Are you allowed to work & claim unemployment at the same time? Are you allowed to work & claim unemployment at the same time?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If you willingly submit personal documentation to a leasing company for an apartment and decided not to sign a contract, can you ask for all personal information submitted? If you willingly submit personal documentation to a leasing company for an apartment and decided not to sign a contract, can you ask for all personal information submitted?	Leasing Questions	New York
Can I restrict my ex husband's girlfriend from being around my children? Can I restrict my ex husband's girlfriend from being around my children?	Family Questions	Michigan
Does a parent of an adult child have rights to knowledge about an arrest? Does a parent of an adult child have rights to knowledge about an arrest?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there anyway to get my Irish boyfriend to the U.S. without getting married? Is there anyway to get my Irish boyfriend to the U.S. without getting married?	Immigration Questions	Pennsylvania
Does child support start from court ordered judgement? I've been asked for child support as there is no order for the support. Will I be responsible for the past bills my ex and her husband have acquired up to this point? Does support start from the court ordered judgement?	Family Questions	California
Now that my mother has passed, does the trust need to be dissolved? A trust was set up for my mothers estate after my father passed away. Now that my mother has passed also, does the trust need to be dissolved?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
Is my payment to be protected if my ex can't pay when he's in an assisted living facility? My ex-husband pays me 500.00 a month as a court ordered payment for my health insurance. We were married 31 years.  He now needs to be in an assisted living facility and will take his entire retirement check.  Is my payment to me protected?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
If a parent in Michigan terminates his rights to a child will that stop child support payments? if a parent in Michigan terminate his rights to a child will that stop child support payments?	Family Questions	Michigan
Someone with a green card married someone with a work visa? Hi, what will happen if someone with a green card married someone with a work visa?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can my 16-year-old daughter legally date a 23-year-old man without my consent? My daughter will be 16 in 6 days. Can she legally date a 23-year-old man without my consent?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
How long and at what age do i need to continue to pay off my student loans? How long and at what age do i need to continue to pay off my student loans? Is my ex-wife responsibly for pay off the student loans? Is there an age limited I am not responsibly for the payments?	Family Questions	New York
Legal options if I bought a jet ski from a private party and did not give full disclosure on damages? I purchased a jet ski from a private party. Two days later I tried to take it out on the lake and was turned away because the jet ski was leaking fuel and oil. I called the person I purchased from and let him know what happen. He told me to take it to a repair shop.I took it in and found out that it needed numerous repairs totalling $680.00. I told him about the repairs needed and he refuses to pay for them or take the ski back. I would like to know what are my legal options?	Consumer Questions	California
Can you appeal a default judgement? Can you appeal a default judgement?	Consumer Questions	California
Legal for an approval of $7,000 loan but must give $700 first? Alpine Financial Services have approved me for a 7,0000 loan but I have to give them 700 dollars up front first. Is this legal and legit? Are they legit? I researched and couldn't find anything bad on them. I did it on BBB website.	Consumer Questions	Georgia
What to do if I loaned a friend lots of  money on different occasions and want her to pay it back? I loaned a friend lots of  money on different occasions and want her to pay it back.	Consumer Questions	California
Is the employer liable for damages and reimbursement on my son's repairs? My son's truck was broken into and damaged last week on a parking lot leased by his employer. Is the employer liable for damages and reimbursement on his repairs?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Am I required to pay for a customer's property or is the business legally suppose to pay for it? I work at a car audio shop and broke a cd player on a customer's vehicle. My boss is trying to make me pay for it, am I required to pay for it or is the business legally suppose to pay for it?	Employment Questions	Montana
Can I move out of state with my child if both me and the father have custody? Can I move out of state with my child if both me and the father have custody?	Family Questions	New York
Is it legal to modify a copyrighted instructive document and share the said altered plan publicly over the web for free?   Is it legal to modify a copyrighted instructive document such as a woodworking or small project construction plan, and share the said altered plan publicly over the web for free?  What might the legal caveats be?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Can they legally not pay me a severance package if I refuse to accept a position that pays me so much less? I was to be laid with a small severance package on July 31st. Today I received an email that they would like me to interview on this Friday for a position that is way below my current pay rate. My question is, can they legally not pay me a severance package if I refuse to accept a position that pays me so much less than I am making?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What forms do I need to file if my ex wants to move my kids out of state and how can i stop her?  I don't have a lawyer. My ex wants to move my kids out of state. How can I stop her? What forms do i need to file? New York state.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can I make my brother co-personal representative with me for my parents' will? I am from MA. Both my parents have past away within 4 months of each other. 1 in Feb and 1 in June. My dad had a will stating that I would be personal representative after my mother's passing. I have 1 brother and a sister. Can I make my brother co-personal representative with me?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Does an employer have to pay you over-time?  Does an employer have to pay you over-time?  I worked over 40 hours in a week and my boss said he won't pay me overtime cause I worked for other people.  Doesn't he legally have to pay me overtime?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there any law saying that I have to pay anything when the upcoming month is approaching? I lived in an apartment in California with another girl for the past six months. After a falling out between the two of us, I've decided to vacate the apartment. I was never listed on the apartment lease and never signed any paperwork between her and I agreeing to pay any amount. I was all paid up on my half of the rent for February, but now she is saying she that I owe one last payment for the March rent seeing as how the rent for March is approaching. Is there any law saying that I have to pay anything? Would she have any grounds for a case if she took me to small-claims court?	Real Estate Questions	California
Options if a tenant's boyfriend moved out and she can't pay for July's rent? My tenant just called to let me know that her boyfriend is no longer at the apartment, they signed year lease together last December and he won't pay July rent and she will start a new job July first and she can't afford to pay July rent. What are my options here?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is hitting a person in the head considered a threat to their life? Is hitting a person in the head considered a threat to their life?	Family Questions	Tennessee
Is it possible to file for a divorce and get it finalized even if i can't find him? I was married 8 years ago. a few months after our marriage we separated and since then have moved on with our lives. I am not in contact with him anymore and but am wanting to get remarried. Is it possible to file for a divorce and get it finalized even if I can't find him?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If I want to get custody of my niece how do I go about getting custody of her? I called CPS on my sister for my niece and I was wondering what my rights are as her aunt.  I have called the social worker twice to figure out some information.  How do I find out more? Also I want to get custody of my niece how do I go about getting custody of her?	Family Questions	Michigan
Is it illegal to take your child to work? Is it illegal to take your child to work? Family owned and operated business, clean and proper safety measures are ensured.	Family Questions	Florida
If I have a suspended license in Indiana and I moved to Michigan how can I get a Michigan license? If I have a suspended license in Indiana and I moved to Michigan how can I get a Michigan license?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
What steps can I take to protect my "idea" if I need to hire an iOS developer to develop a unique concept? I need to hire an iOS developer to develop a unique concept I've created. What steps can I take to protect my "idea"?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
Does having one part of a contract invalid, make the entire contract invalid? Does having one part of a contract invalid, make the entire contract invalid?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Should I include a company that recently fired me on my resume when they said they'd give me a good reference? I was recently fired from a company I worked for 2 years.  However, they said they would give me a good reference.  Not sure if I can trust them.  Should I include them on my resume?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can an employer terminate me and then report that I voluntarily left? Can an employer terminate me from a job, and then report that I voluntarily left for personal reasons?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How do I get my full orders? My child custody case was just closed. I was quoted a max of 7500 when I started. I have paid in 7400, thought I would have a small balance owed. Just got my statement and I owe an additional 4000, I am waiting for my final orders for custody and support and he will not prepare them unless I pay in full. I have asked to make payments, haven't heard anything back. How do I get my orders? can I get them from the court? Can he actually not give them to me until paid in full? Thanks, Diana	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How can I get my deposit back after signing the lease and not living in the apartment? How can I get my deposit back after signing the lease and not living in the apartment?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
My Dad passed away and was married at the time but had no will. His name is on a family property deed in Kentucky. My question is: Do I as a surviving child have any inheritance rights to a portion of the property or does his surviving spouse inherit all of his portion?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
If my Landlord is demanding that I pay my rent to her, can she evict me? I am a tenant in Michigan.  I received a letter from my Condo Association's attorney demanding that I pay my rent to them or face eviction.  I have been paying them for 3 months. Now my Landlord is demanding that I pay my rent to her.  Can she evict me?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What can I do if a tenant did not pay for 4 months and left the apartment in shambles? A person did not pay 4 months rent and was evicted and left the apartment in shambles. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an employer make employees work over 40 hours in a week? Can an employer make employees work over 40 hour in a week?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
What questions can be asked during a job interview? What questions can be asked during a job interview?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Can landlord get rid of car and belongings left on property without authorization? A tenant moved out, but left a car on the premises and other belongings in the property basement without authorization. Can the landlord get rid of both the car and belongings? Is the landlord supposed to give free storage until they decide to pick it up?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Can you copy any picture off the internet? Can you copy any picture off the internet?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Illinois
Question if my husband owes about 7-8 years worth of back taxes, but he is now divorcing me? My husband owes about 7-8 years worth of back taxes, but he is now divorcing me.  We have filed joint in past years (not always), but I haven't worked (with the exception of a couple of months this year, and we didn't file) in that same amount of time.  Can he stick me for the tax bill?	Tax Questions	Georgia
Is it legal to store vehicles in business parking lot? I run a business in an industrial area in Huntington Beach, CA. I share a parking lot with three other businesses & I've noticed that two spaces in our lot are always occupied with vehicles that never leave. It looks as if they are just being stored there. Is this legal?	California Questions,Leasing Questions	California
What can happen if you are hired by a company and you have to take a test and failed & sent home? What can happen if you are hired by a company and 3 weeks in you have to take a test and failed and sent home and they said they will call you later	Employment Questions	Missouri
How to strip away child's father's rights? How can I strip my daughter's father's rights away? My partner would like to adopt her but he won't sign his rights over. He is not on the birth certificate but we have had a paternity test.	Family Questions	Kentucky
What type of lawyer do I need if I feel I didn't get all my disability funds during my fight for disability? What type of lawyer do I need if I feel I didn't get all my disability funds during my fight for disability?	Personal Injury Questions	North Carolina
Ex-fiance leaves jointly leased home and refuses to pay share. My ex-fiance has left my home that we both came into a 12-month lease. Now, he does not want to pay his half. My lease is up in April 2012 and I have receipts proving that I have been paying. What can I do?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions	Pennsylvania
If I am in a business partnership, we both invested evenly, where we are 50/50 partners, can one buy out the other with out them knowing? Or if we do not have a partnership agreement, but do have a llc what can be done if anything?	Corporate Questions,Partnership Questions	Massachusetts
Do I have to pay Medicare the money they paid for if I get it from the insurance co. of the person at fault? Do I have to pay Medicare the money they paid for injuries in a car accident, if I get it from the insurance co. of the person at fault?  Do I have to give that insurance co. my Medicare information so that they can obtain financial information?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Which copyright law applies to peer to peer sharing? Which copyright law applies to peer to peer sharing?	Copyright Questions	Texas
How do we deal with a difficult employee? Our employee has changed since she was hired.  One week she worked only 7 hours.  She is salaried as full time 40 hrs.She has had 3 or 4 illnesses in the last 10 days.  Her dog and her kids are always sick or going to the dentist or etc.She is now is in the hospital with a cervical collar and said she haso have 2 MRI's from an accident she had Saturday We are a small nonprofit and she was exactly what we needed when we trained and hired her.  She is not that person today! We have lost almost all of our volunteers and may have to close our doors because she neglected of duties of the director. How do we handle this?  We struggled with paying her and stretched our budget as we felt she was needing the help.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Am I renting from the bank & what happens if I do not make anymore payments & move on?   I have 5 1/2 months before my bankruptcy is dismissed by the courts.  I have just been informed that my home loan, 1st & 2nd do not exist as of today, in other words the loans were written off in my Bankruptcy, however since I knew nothing of this we have been sending payments on both loans? every month.  Where did the $'s go? Am I renting from the Bank for 18 months & what happens if I do not make anymore payments & move on?  Desperate and Confused	Real Estate Questions	California
Am I, as my husband's surviving spouse, entitled to his share of the inheritance? My mother-in-law's will states that her property should be sold and divided equally among her children.  My husband is dead.  Am I, as his surviving spouse, entitled to his share of the inheritance?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
How can I sue a school for allowing a principal to harass my children because she has issues with me? How can I sue a school for allowing a principal to harass my children because she has issues with me?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Can you go to a different state using U.S. Employment Authorization Card as an ID in the airport? Can you go to different state using U.S. Employment Authorization Card as an ID in the airport?	Immigration Questions	New York
Can I have my ex-husband's wages garnished if he hasn't paid the court order? My ex-Husband was ordered to pay me close to 2000 dollars. It has been a year and 5 months since the divorce and he has yet to pay a dime. He has basically told me good luck from getting any money from him. What can I do to get him to pay? Can I have his wages garnished?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can I take and pick up my son from school if I am a registered sex offender who is off parole? I live in Michigan. Can I take and pick up my son from school? I am a registered sex offender who is off parole.	Family Questions	Michigan
How far back can state attorney go into a person's past when being charged with a misdemeanor? How far back can state attorney go into a person's past when being charged with a present misdemeanor charge?	Criminal Questions	Florida
How do I make it so your employees pay there own taxes? How do I make it so your employees pay there own taxes?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can an employer legally deny me a job because of knowing the wrong person? Can an employer legally deny me a job because of knowing the wrong person?	Employment Questions	New York
If I sue a corporation in small claims court (NY State) and lose, what is my potential liability for the losing party suing me for their attorneys' fees? If I sue a corporation in small claims court (NY State) and lose, what is my potential liability for the losing party suing me for their attorneys' fees?	Consumer Questions	New York
In PA do I have to appear in court for a payment plan hearing if I already paid my overdue balance? In PA do I have to appear in court for a payment plan hearing if I already paid my overdue balance?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal if I'm laid off and some of my duties will now be performed by a young IT tech? I'm 62 years of age, worked as an IT tech in a school district in Upstate NY.  I am being laid off due to budget problems.  Some of my duties will now be performed by a contracted, young IT tech.  Is this legal?  I feel like I am being discriminated against because of my age.	Employment Questions	New York
How can I legally get my son's social security number even though I am the legal biological father? I have 4 and a half year old son who lives with his mother. I faithfully pay child support. I would like to claim my son on my tax returns but my son's mother refuses to give me my son's social security number. Instead, she has someone else unrelated claim our son on their tax returns so she can get more money. How can I legally get my son's social security number even though I am the legal biological father?	Family Questions	Illinois
What to do if my husband's previous employer if he's slandering my husband when he can't get jobs? What can I do about my husband's previous employer if he is slandering my husband to where he can't get another job?	Employment Questions	Tennessee
Terminated if I do not show documentation that a family member was in the hospital?  Can I be terminated if I do not show documentation that a family member was in the hospital? That was not my reason for calling off but my reason was to help take care of that persons children and personal business.	Employment Questions	New York
If I'm paying support for one kid & started getting support for my other child will the support stop? If I'm paying child support for one kid and started getting support for my other child will the child support I've been paying stop?	Family Questions	California
What can I do if my landlord has increased the rent in less than 2 weeks? My landlord just notified me of a rent increase in less than 2 weeks. I live in income based housing with a signed lease until Jan 2013. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Should we pursue a chain restaurant for finding a metal hex nut? My family and I picked up dinner to go at a chain restaurant this evening. My 2 year old daughter was eating her guacamole dip when my husband noticed that she was having a hard time chewing. He asked her if she was ok and he held his hand to her mouth. She spit out a metal hex nut! I called the restaurant and spoke to the manager. She was going to talk to her gm and call me back - she has not. Is this worth pursuing or too much trouble?	Consumer Questions	New York
What happens to distribution of income once a company has transited from an LLC to an S-Corp? What happens to distribution of income upon liquidation for A and B level shares once a company has transited from an LLC to an S-Corp?  Still distributed unequally according to type of share owned?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
if I design a new product while employed by a company, who owns the product? if I design a new product while employed by a company and it is not my job to do so who owns the product? Me or the employer?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What should I do if I hurt my hand a year ago at work and my job still won't do anything? I hurt my hand a year ago at work. I was on workman comp. Now here it is a year later my hand started hurting again it affects my day to day and job.  My job won't do anything about it what should I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Wisconsin
If you work for someone and got two vacation, and then business got slow but they are still shopping, can they take a week vacation from you? If you work for someone and got two vacation, and then business got slow but they are still shopping, can they take a week vacation from you?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If payday falls on a Sunday can the company hold payroll till Monday? If payday falls on a Sunday can the company hold payroll till Monday?	Employment Questions	California
Do I have any rights if my company was sold two weeks ago & the new owners are cutting my wages?  My company was sold two weeks ago. The new owners did not tell us they were cutting my wages. Now they want to pay me 25 percent less with no notice. Do I have any rights?	Employment Questions	California
If I add my husband to the deed to our house, can a debtor of mine still file a judgment against the property if he is on title?	Consumer Questions,Real Estate Questions	New York
If an author has a scientific study published in a peer-review journal, can the author legally make a photocopy and/or pdf of the articile and distribute it to others?	Copyright Questions	Georgia
What to do if my son's credit report's bill is showing up on my credit report? My son has the same name as I do. He got injured in Vegas and he's 22 years of age. His credit report's bill is showing up on my credit report.	Consumer Questions	California
Can courts request money back even from an LLC? I am creditor and have a signed PROMISSORY NOTE-GUARANTY with collateral of LLC. I assume this is a Secured note.The person filed Chapter 7.  She gave me (surrendered)what collateral she had after I served her cease and desist, she was selling collateral.  I started selling collateral to get money back.  Now getting order from Bankruptcy court to pay them amount she told them she gave me, but what I have collected is not even 30 cents on the $.  Can courts do this and request money back and even if LLC. Telling me transfer is voidable by the trustee pursuant to 11USC 547 (b).  I took possession of a portion of collateral about 60 days before she file chapter 7. Do documents prove I have rights to this collateral?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	South Carolina
Can I receive child support for my son from my ex husband when he's not the father? I am separated from my husband of 2 years. We began dating when my son was just 3 months old and separated when he was turning four. His biological father is unknown. Can I receive child support for my son from my ex husband? I am located in Florida.	Family Questions	Florida
How is it possible for my name to be put on a Grant Deed when I was neither present nor knew about it? How is it possible for my name to be put on a Grant Deed when I was neither present nor knew about it?	Real Estate Questions	California
How can a 17 year old female leave an unwelcoming household without getting in trouble? How can a 17 year old female leave an unwelcoming household without getting in trouble?	Family Questions	California
What are your rights if your employer overpaid you after you resign? If after you resign from a job and your employer discovers that he has overpaid you, what are your rights?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Can you file bankruptcy against IRS if it's in collection? Can you file bankruptcy against IRS if it's in collection?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Painting Disney murals for a pediatric hospital room I am a nurse and artist in a small town.  I have painted some pediatric rooms with murals to be more "kid friendly".  Years ago, I took care of a former Disney cartoonist that told me I could paint Disney characters, I just can't copy and re-sell.  My time is donated for these drawings.  I just want to make sure I won't have Disney breathing down my neck for trying to cheer up a child's hospital room.	Copyright Questions	Utah
Could a grandparent seek court ordered visitation while both mother and father refuse? In NY could a grandparent seek court ordered visitation while both mother and father (married) refuse?  Also a possibility of Borderline Personality Disorder with the grandparent.	Family Questions	New York
Can a company deny a bonus if all other criteria were fulfilled? My company (retail) gives yearly bonuses if 3 key areas are met. First is sales percentage over the previous year, second is shrink and third is percentage of damages. They require us to accept all returns to keep our customers happy yet doing so has eliminated my chance of a bonus for three years. All other criteria were fulfilled. Can they deny a bonus in this way? They are not a union organization. Thank you for any help you can offer.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What is the procedure for challenging subject matter jurisdiction, both during an ongoing case, and after a case has been resolved? What is the procedure for challenging subject matter jurisdiction, both during an ongoing case, and after a case has been resolved?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions	Florida
Is there a new law that let's me file taxes even if i haven't worked? Is there a new law that let's me file taxes even if i haven't worked?	Employment Questions	California
Can landlord enter apt spray pesticide without permission? Can landlord enter apt spray pesticide without permission?	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if the office manager said I abandoned my job when the medical office was raided and shut down? The medical office i worked in was raided and shut down for homicide investigation of a patient's death. The office building was yellow taped for 4 days, all patient records, computers were taken. We were all interrogated.  I saw on the news that the doctors license was suspended. I did not return to the office, but the doctor could no longer practice.  NO ONE from management called to even check if I was ok after the trauma, or ask me to come into office.  I claimed unemployment and was told denied.  The office manager said I abandoned my job. Other higher level employees are getting benefits and they did not go back. I appealed and they denied me. I sent links to the DOAH case docket, the news reports,etc. What do I do?	Employment Questions	Florida
My attorney passed away before he finished my loan modification. What rights do I have? My attorney passed away before he finished my loan modification. What rights do I have?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Do i have any legal right if my parents are kicking me out?  Do i have any legal right if my parents are kicking me out? Do I legally have time to pack and move my stuff as well as quit my job properly?	Family Questions	California
Can the school change the price or is the original paper since both party's agreed to it still void and we don't have to pay the extra money? This is a simple question.  My son is going on a field trip to Disney world for school.  They had me sign a paper which said we would pay $270, but a week ago they said they required another $71.  Can they do this or is the original paper since both party's agreed to it still void and we don't have to pay the extra money?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Does WI have a law that requires a person to report if their elderly parent is being neglected in any way? Does Wisconsin have a law that requires a person to report if their elderly parent is being neglected in any way?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
How long does a temp employee work 40 hours a week before they become permanent? How long does a temp employee work 40 hours a week before they become permanent?	Employment Questions	California
Is there a statute regarding unsatisfied results of a contractor's workmanship? is there a statute regarding unsatisfied results of a contractor's shoddy workmanship and how many times do they have to rectify the problem before I take other actions? My new kitchen counter tops have many flaws, the contractor has been here twice to try and fix this problem, however I have lost faith that they can fix this to my satisfaction.,  I would like to stop payment on my credit card. as I pain in full in advance and contract with another company,	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is the contract legal if it was signed on 12th and delivered on the 12th? A finance contract for a used car sold in Florida was dated 4-7-12. The car was not seen or taken delivery by the customer until 4-12-12. The contract was signed on the 12th. Is this a legal contract?	Consumer Questions	Florida
if an employee works 8-10 hours per day is he/she entitled to a 15 minute break? if an employee works 8-10 hours per day is he/she entitled to a 15 minute break?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can my boyfriend's baby mama keep him from seeing his daughter because we live together? Can my boyfriend's baby mama keep him from seeing his daughter because we live together?	Family Questions	Indiana
Can I recover my investment?  Do I have a case? Can I recover my investment? lent a friend money to purchase property with an adjoining business on it. He was to pay me double my investment within three years. This was 2006-2009 he has yet to pay and has had many opportunities to do so but still claims. He doesn't have it. What can I do? I have a signed/notarized contract.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
If my name is not on the mortgage, can I still take the interest as a deduction on my taxes? If my name is not on the mortgage, can I still take the interest as a deduction on my taxes?	Tax Questions	Nevada
How do I go about incorporating a business?  How do I go about incorporating a business? How much does it cost I am considering ownership of a trucking company?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Illinois
If a college issued me a check & I cashed it, I assume the check was for overpayment if they want it back? I attended college 2 years ago. They issued me a check last month and I cashed it and now they want the money back. i assumed the check was for an overpayment.	Consumer Questions	Indiana
Should we have to pay rent on a house that leaks our sewage? My septic tank has been overflowing for over a month and the landlord is not replacing the septic tank that is made out of redwood. We have two children and it poses a health risk and the outside of our house constantly stinks. We are wondering what are our rights. Should we have to pay rent on a house that leaks our sewage?	Real Estate Questions	California
If a buyer verbally declines the test drive does it override the written agreement? sold a boat. signed a hand written paper stating sale was pending test drive. Buyer picked up the boat and declined test drive because he was in a hurry. Took the boat out the following day. Sent me a email the second day saying there was a few concerns but kept the boat. now been 41 days and the engine is damaged and he wants me to be liable because he mentioned some concerns with the boat and engine problem is related to his concerns. If a buyer verbally declines the test drive does it over ride the written agreement?	Consumer Questions	Utah
Without prior notification, is it legal for Amazon to charge the tax even when my invoice has a set price? When I made a purchase from Amazon in July (PA resident) my invoice said nothing about a sales tax? It was a pre-ordered Xbox game. After it shipped (9-25-12), I noticed a tax charge to my account. Speaking with Amazon, they said that as of September 1st, they were taxing all orders and even on pre-orders that hadn't shipped yet. Without prior notification, is it legal for them to charge the tax even when my invoice has a set price from July?	Tax Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding my daughter in a car accident and what would be the appropriate compensation? My 18 year old daughter had a car accident in May where she drove in to a construction ditch approx 3-4 feet long, 2-3 feet wide and about 2 feet deep. This hole was not blocked with warning signs and was left uncovered on the side of Moanalua Road. We contacted the city and county to inform them that the hole was hazardous.  They directed us to the company responsible for digging the ditch. The company's insurance adjuster recently contacted us and asked if we would like to settle before or after completion of medical treatment because my daughter suffered neck and back injuries and her car was deemed salvageable. Would the best thing to do be to settle now and what is appropriate compensation?	Personal Injury Questions	Hawaii
Can I request compensations from the defendant for claim suit filing and cost of process server in court? I live in CA and I filed a small claim suit and just wanted to know if I can request compensations from the defendant for claim suit filing, time, and cost of process server in court?	Consumer Questions	California
When going to court for WC, What does it mean when the court date is for "Primary Compensation" mean?  When going to court for WC, What does it mean when the court date is for "Primary Compensation" mean? and why? and for what?	Personal Injury Questions	Wisconsin
What do I do if I am being harassed at work? What do I do if I am being harassed at work?	Employment Questions	California
Do I have to carry my estranged wife on my health insurance? My wife and I have been separated and living at 2 different addresses for 25 months. Do I have to carry her on my health Insurance?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What's the statue of limitations in Michigan for obstruction? What's the statue of limitations in Michigan for obstruction?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
How to fight if my sister is putting me into bankruptcy after I lent her money? I lent my sister some money and we have a signed contract we wrote up. Now she is going bankrupt and she is putting me into this bankruptcy. How can I fight this?	Family Questions	California
What happens when you serve papers and they come back? What happens when you serve papers and they come back?	Family Questions	California
Does one parent have the right to keep kids away from the other? Does one parent have the right to keep kids away from the other?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What to do if I want to move out at 17 in Georgia? What to do if I want move out at 17 in Georgia?	Family Questions	Georgia
Legally how can I evict my roommate who hasn't paid and never signed? I am renting a apartment. Only my name is on lease. I do have a roommate who hasn't paid anything in two months . Legally how can I evict him? We never signed an agreement.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Attorney regarding buying used vehicle that is spending more time in the shop than me driving it? I am seeking an attorney in Colorado to represent my best interest regarding buying a used vehicle that is spending more time in the shop than me driving it.	Consumer Questions	Colorado
How to remove tenant from rental? An un-named occupant in my rental filed a motion to quash and we went to court. The judge gave her 5 days to answer, & she did. What do we do now? do we file eviction on her or what do we need to file we really need these people out. The county even sent us a letter for their property to be cleaned.	Leasing Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Can a lawyer, who has jurisdiction in Kentucky, practice in Indiana? Can a lawyer, who has jurisdiction in Kentucky, practice in Indiana?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Can I get the penalties removed of a lien I was unaware of? I have a property tax lien from 2003 that I was unaware of and now they have added $1000 in penalties.  Can I get the penalties removed?	Real Estate Questions	California
Will a lawyer successfully get my record sealed if the state denied me the first time? I tried getting my record sealed on my own but the state denied me. If i get a lawyer will they be able to have it done?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Is there any legal action that I can take for my child being misdiagnosed or misinformed about my child's eyes not being treated properly years earlier and now  the child is totally blind in one eye?	Personal Injury Questions	Wisconsin
Problem with the father living with his parents and sharing a bedroom with his son? In a child custody battle, is there a problem with the father living with his parents and sharing a bedroom (bunk beds) with his son?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
If I have a legal Last will & don't really have a lot of assets, do I still have to have a trust? If I have a legal Last will & don't really have a lot of assets, do I still have to have a trust?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Question: Can I file a Motion for Summary Judgment, because it does not look like that Court will answer soon, and I am getting closer to discovery deadline. Attorney for the defendants played smart stall tactics to get time, and he succeeded.	Litigation Law Questions	Florida
Can I get the negatives related to this removed from my credit? I cosigned for my daughter's home loan. She almost lost the house. My credit took a hit. Can I get the negatives related to this removed from my credit?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it in violation of CA state law when people bring wild caught game that I cook for them for a nominal fee? I am a chef at a restaurant.  Often friends of mine bring in wild caught game that I cook for them for a nominal fee to cover other ingredients I've used.  Is this in violation of CA state law?	Commercial Questions	California
If a buyer of your home says they will purchase the home on an "as is" basis, what does that mean? If a buyer of your home says they will purchase the home on an "as is" basis, what does that mean?	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I have any legal rights if the money I won was not awarded to me? I joined a NFL strikeout league for $100 in September.  I wound up winning the pot and should be awarded $900.  The guy that runs the pool is in California and has told me the winnings are on the way but still have not seen a dime of the money.  I live in Minnesota.  Do I have any legal rights?  I have all the email documentation from him.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Minnesota
What can I do to get my ex-wife to let me see my child?  What can I do to get my ex-wife to let me see my child? We have joint custody .	Family Questions	Michigan
How do I get 'sole legal custody' of my son, where my husband has filed for divorce and is only asking for visitations? How do I get 'sole legal custody' of my son, where my husband has filed for divorce and is only asking for visitations?  This is an 'absolute divorce' in MD. (no judge).	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
If a 401k QUADRO is agreed upon outside of court between parties should the QUADRO be the date the agreement was made? I'm in Pennsylvania. If a 401k QUADRO is agreed upon outside of court between parties should the QUADRO be the date the agreement was made?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
What do I have to do to become a US Citizen? Hello, I am a legal resident. My mother officially became a US Citizen 1 week before my 18th birthday. What do I have to do to become a US Citizen?	Immigration Questions	New York
Illegal to cash a real check from a real person, company or institution which has my correct info? Illegal to cash a real check from a real person, company or institution which has my correct info if I do not know them?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can we have our niece's name changed to ours at the USCIS? Can we have our niece's name changed to ours  at the USCIS after we get the new birth certificate from my country? We have the final entry judgement of her adoption. Is there an age limit to do this? Will they honor the adoption from my country or should we file another adoption here in Florida?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Can a marriage which took place in Scotland be dissolved by a Minnesota County Court? Can a marriage which took place in Scotland be dissolved by a Minnesota County Court?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Where can I find franchise contract laws that apply to Texas locations, with the franchise corporation based in Minnesota? Where can I find franchise contract laws that apply to Texas locations, with the franchise corporation based in Minnesota?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Texas
If I like to use my maiden name, what would I have to do to change my name on everything? My name is Ann Cole. I am from Tennessee and have moved Florida. In order for me to get a drivers license here. I have to have all my divorce papers. I have been married several times and don't know how to do this. I am recently divorced and would like to use my maiden name. What would I have to do to change my name on everything(bills car loan)	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
My son is incarcerated on a probation case and the judge that dealt with the case was arrested and put in prison and they wrote on his paperwork that he pled guilty when he did not. What can we do? None	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I pay filing fee online? Can I pay filing fee online?	Family Questions	California
How to begin request to terminate parental rights voluntarily? What is the process to begin a request to terminate parental rights voluntarily due to no contact for six years in N.C.?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If I leave the home before anything is filed for the divorce, is there something in the law in which they could get me for abandonment? I want a divorce from my wife but have not filed yet here in Sacramento California. If I leave the home before anything is filed, is there something in the law in which they could get me for abandonment?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
After being arrested how long can they hold you before telling you what the charge is? After being arrested how long can they hold you before telling you what the charge is?	Criminal Questions	California
Can I write off sales contests I give to my sales reps? I am an owner of a LLC sales organization, can I write off sales contests I give to my sales reps?	Tax Questions	Minnesota
As a man what happens to my son if I get divorced? As a man what happens to my son if I get divorced?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
I work for a assisted living in Great Falls Montana, some of the employees here are bullied and harassed by the administer. I have gone to the HR department without success & I have written statements yet they wont help. Who can we turn to?	Employment Questions	Montana
Can a employer make an employee work after the heat index reaches a certain point? Can a employer make a employee work after the heat index reaches a certain point?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What to do if my mom left no will and there is a small cash settlement to deal with when there's 3 daughters? What to do if my mom left no will and there is a small cash settlement to deal with when there's three daughters?	Family Questions	California
Can a landlord charge for water bill from security deposit? Can a landlord charge for water bill from security deposit?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding hiring a cinematographer for my music video? I'm a singer & hired a cinematographer for my music video. He gave me the finalcut; I paid full fee per agreement.His edit could have been better. He will charge more money for more work. So, I myself added work, while keeping his whole draft. I need to release it this week!I can't put my time/resources to promote his version -- it's sort of undone, not quite promoting my music. I don't want this to be waste of money/time; I want to make best result. It's "work for hire," - I'm the only one who has ownership over this property. It shouldn't be a problem that I add work to his edit, while I respect his work.I'll talk to him & make sure he's ok, but just in case..  What's your advice?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How can I find out the type of legal entity a contracting company is? How can I find out the type of legal entity a contracting company is and get a copy of their charter without asking company directly?  Company was formed in 2005 in MN.	Family Questions	California
If the property owner breached contract first, who is really at fault here?  My boyfriend had bought a property about 6 years ago. About 3 years of making payments on the house he learned that the property was over the property line. He contacted the company selling him the house they claimed they would "fix" it, and never did. He stopped making payments on the house. Recently, the company has been trying to get us out of the house. Our problem is, if they breached contract first, who is really at fault here?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
If I'm a full-time student and I live in Virginia do I have to pay child support?
 If I'm a full-time student and I live in Virginia do I have to pay child support?	Family Questions	Virginia
If I am made beneficiary of a large sum of money and the benefactor requested most of the funds to be given to charities, would I have any ramifications? If I am made beneficiary of a large sum of money and the benefactor requested most of the funds to be given to charities, would I have any ramifications?Thank you for answering that question.  The person that is listed me as their next of kin is still living.  The problem is that she is sick and her husband & only living daughter was killed in an auto accident.  As she got sicker, her extended relatives begin to swoop in and take her belongings.  She managed to sell her inheritance & put it away in a certificate of deposit in another country.  Now the time has expired and they are requesting she take the certificate of deposit out.  Since she has cancer & may be dying in the next 2-3 months according to the doctors, she has asked me.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Question regarding petition for my parents to get their residency? I am a USC and I want to petition for my parents to get their Residency.  My parents overstayed their visa by ONE month, then returned to Mexico.  Can I still petition for them(while they are in Mexico) without having to file a waiver(for their overstay)?	Immigration Questions	Kansas
Question regarding my husband's niece living in Cuba coming to America? My husband's niece lives in Cuba. He would like to bring her to the USA. He is a resident of the USA. Can he request her, or can his wife a US citizen claim her?	Immigration Questions	Florida
What to do if my husband is a sheriff's deputy and was hurt but was refused pain management? My husband is a sheriff's deputy and was hurt during a SWAT call. He had surgery under workers comp and was refused pain management. His workers comp spinal fusion failed and he had another DR do corrective surgery. Now his job will not let him come back and are not paying him. They said they will terminate him next month. He hasn't been paid in 9 months.	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is there any way I can default on paying the charges so I can pay for my elderly mother's care? My Mother is 90 years old an in hospice care.  she lives in the state of Tennessee.  She presently owes three charge cards over 18,000.  She was paying over $389.00 per month to the three credit cards.  But she is having to draw the money out of the last bit of savings she has to pay them each month.  I am looking at having to place her in assisted living because her physical care is not allowing her to live alone any longer and need the savings to pay for her care.  Is there any way I can default on paying the charges so I can pay for her care?	Consumer Questions	California
How do I incorporate my business? How do I incorporate my business?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Is a promissory note made with a private party for the purchase of a vehicle legally binding? Is a promissory note made with a private party for the purchase of a vehicle legally binding?	Consumer Questions	Nevada
Anything I can do if my husband plans to leave the state before I can file for divorce? My husband decided to leave me recently. We have decided to separate. He told me that he plans to leave the state (FL) next week before I can file for divorce. Is there anything I can do about it?	Family Questions	Florida
As a non-resident Texan, must I pay Illinois tax? As a non-resident Texan must I pay Illinois tax?	Employment Questions	Texas
Question regarding my employment and if I receive 45 hours a week without overtime? I work for a company in California and I receive vacation time, sick time, and personal days. I have a required 45 hour work week, however when I take my paid time off I am not granted any overtime. I only receive a straight 8 hours. Is this correct? The  last company I worked for gave me 1 hour of overtime for each day as a California manager.	Employment Questions	California
Could my landlord evict me for letting my son use my address?
 Could my landlord evict me for letting my son use my address?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
How can I find out if there is a lien on my mortgage? How can I find out if there is a lien on my mortgage?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding given a ticket for dwls? i was given a ticket for dwls. when i went to court they gave me the option of deferred prosecution. i took it. I thought i had until Sept 19th to pay. i looked at the form wrong and i only had until Sept 4th to pay. what do I do?	Criminal Questions	Florida
if i have joint legal custody and he does not see the baby everyday can i ask him for child support? if i have joint legal custody and he does not see the baby everyday can i ask him for child support?	Family Questions	California
What's the cost of a simple will in Redwood City, CA? What's the cost of a simple will in Redwood City, CA?	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if my neighbor keeps calling the cops cause I smoke cannabis but I have cancer? What to do if my neighbor keeps calling the cops on me because I smoke cannabis in my own home but I have cancer	Criminal Questions	California
Can a disabled father that has a conservator get custody of his two children? Can a disabled father that has a conservator get custody of his two children?	Family Questions	California
Can my child's mother put me on child support when she lives in my house and doesn't pay rent? I want to know if my child's mother can put me on child support when she lives in my house and doesn't pay rent or bills? I buy my son his needs such as diapers wipes shoes and clothes. She takes care of food.. she has a job.. could she put child support knowing that?	Family Questions	Georgia
What are my rights if my employer forces me to work 8 hours? If my supervisor tells me that it is mandatory to stay after I work my 8 hours, what are my employee rights?	Employment Questions	California
If I had a doctor's note to be out of work for 2 days and they fired me, are they allowed to do that? i had a doctor's note to be out of work for 2 days and they fired me. Are they allowed to do that?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What is the best way to protect an inheritance for your children from their spouse?
 What is the best way to protect an inheritance for your children from their spouse?	Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
If I have 5 kids and make 80,000 dollars a year how much child support do I have to pay for each kid? If I have 5 kids and make 80,000 dollars a year how much child support do I have to pay for each kid?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What recourse do we have when we are considering small claims court? Our tenants of 6 mos. removed our above ground pool and decking without our permission or knowledge ($3500.00 value). When we raised with them they immediately said they would move out next month and we could take this months rent out of their damage deposit. They are now in default of the lease by not paying the rent. What recourse do I have? Small claims court?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
Can we still file for 1601 waiver?  Has the I601 waiver passed? Can we file one now with the USCIS? The immigration lawyer we consulted says yes but the USCIS website says no.	Immigration Questions	Virginia
How can I get my husband a visa if he is living in the Dominican republic and I am a U.S. citizen? How can I get my husband a visa if he is living in the Dominican republic and I am a U.S. citizen?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If I take the car, which is also under his name, when I leave can I get in to trouble if my ex calls the police? My car is titled in both my and my ex boyfriend's name. I am planning to move out of state. If I take the car when I leave can I get in to trouble if he calls the police?	Criminal Questions	Florida
What are the Colorado statutes regarding an accident with injuries involving a disabled semi-truck? What are the Colorado statutes regarding an accident with injuries involving a disabled semi-truck?	Personal Injury Questions	Colorado
Situation if I got married in California to a military guy and currently live on the base in Georgia? I got married in California to a military guy and currently live on the base in Georgia. we have been married over a year and i moved to Georgia with him. we are divorcing and i need time to get my stuff together to move back home to California. what rights do i have to ask him to leave to give me time to plan moving home and how do we divide our assets?	Family Questions	Georgia
Any rights if my parents have taken me out of their will & I am their only child? My parents have taken me out of their will. I am their only child. Do I have any rights?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
If your school is being sued by a parent but the lawyer involved in the suit process is a parent of another child in the same classroom, is this a conflict of interest? If your school is being sued by a parent but the lawyer involved in the suit process is a parent of another child in the same classroom, is this a conflict of interest?	Employment Questions	California
Can I drink at a bar if I'm on unsupervised felony probation in Michigan? Can I drink at a bar if I'm on unsupervised felony probation in Michigan?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
How will the capital gains tax effect us if we want to sell the home my mom gifted to my sister and I? My mom gifted my sister and I her home 8 years ago. We want to sell it. How will the capital gains tax effect us?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
How soon can I get custody if I'm pregnant and the father possibly might try and take the baby from me? I'm pregnant and I'm afraid the father might try and take the baby away from me. How soon can I get custody to make sure he doesn't do that?	Family Questions	Florida
I went through a company to get a xbox, bikes, helmets and signed the paperwork, then didn't need the items.  I called the company and told them, they tried to suggest I change the items, and they ended up shipping the items anyway. Question am I liable for those items?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Maryland
Would I have the legal grounds to break the lease if there's a health hazard? may daughter lives in an apartment with 3 other girls, each having thier own individual lease with the landlord.  her roommate had a cat the was left locked in her bedroom, infested with fleas.  the apartment is now infested, the landlord has had a pest control service in several times, and it is still infested.  the Landlord relocated the girl with the cat, and now says it is my daughters responsibility to vaccuum twice a day and clean sheet and clothing in  the apartment each time they send the pest control company to get rid of the fleas.  i think it is now a health hazard and want to break the lease, as the apartment is uninhabitable.  would i have the legal grounds to break the lease?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What to do if I am trying to write a 30 day opt out contract as an electrical RMO?
 I am trying to write a 30 day opt out contract as an electrical RMO?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Do I have any legal recourse to have my neighbor trim his trees back to the property line? We moved into a new house one year ago and did our landscaping. My neighbor moved in after us and just planted palm trees that hang 5 to 10 feet into our yard.  Do I have any legal recourse to have him trim his trees back to the property line?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can i file for a CA divorce immediately (a couple/few days) after filing for bankruptcy? Can i file for a CA divorce immediately (a couple/few days) after filing for bankruptcy?	Family Questions	California
Should my son pay blue book value of the scooter if he had an accident driving and was someone else's? My 17 year old son is working for a friend & had an accident while driving a motorized scooter which ending up with him being injured the scooter totaled. The owner of the scooter expects my son to take responsibility and pay blue book value. Whose is responsible for the scooter?Thank you Martha Cody	Personal Injury Questions	California
I have an easement between my property and the land owners in front of me. They want me to vacate the 15ft belonging to me and they want to take their 15ft,.I am fighting this as it necessary for my property access. Question: Can a judge in (ANY Case) tell me I must vacate the easement?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
What to do if I had an auto accident that was not my fault, but my car is being deemed a total loss? I have questions about an auto accident that was not my fault, but my car is being deemed a total loss.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can I sue for Defamation of character? Can I sue for Defamation of character?	Employment Questions	California
If I grant POA to someone, does that mean I can no longer act in my own behalf? If I grant a power of attorney to someone, does that mean I can no longer act in my own behalf?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
What to do if my landlord has threatened to punch me if I didn't pay $105 and my ex I had a female visitor? My landlord has threatened to punch me if I didn't pay 105 dollars due. He tells other tenants I am behind in rent and told my ex girlfriend I had a female visitor. Says he will come into my house and toss me and my belongings without going to court or a eviction notice.  He told me that I need to pay back rent in front of my house guest.	Real Estate Questions	California
Help getting the durable power of attorney forms so i can help my aunt in a rest home? I need help getting the durable power of attorney forms so i can help my aunt in a rest home that needs my help and she can't do it her self? My name is Randy Birchall (424)-268-6636	Family Questions	California
Do i have the right to withhold rent when there is bed bugs and they are not fixing the issue? Do i have the right to withhold rent when there is bed bugs and they are not fixing the issue?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Utah
Is the husband still responsible for half of the rent and arrearage? My husband and I have been married for 6 years. He left me. We have 3 months left on our lease for the house we rent. We are both on the lease. We also owe arrearage on rent because we were late. Is he still responsible for half of the rent and arrearage?	Family Questions	Connecticut
Question regarding being evicted for non-payment of rent? I live in Jacksonville, NC. I am being evicted for non-payment of rent. I have requested many times for repairs be done to my home. I also told remax when I paid 3 months in advance they needed to do repairs. I have done a great deal of the work myself and never received the monies. They lied in court and said the only repairs needed were the roof damaged in last years hurricane. Not true. What can I do so I won't be held responsible for the damages that were done before I move in..and also is there anything I can do about suing them for breach of contract for not doing repairs?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
If I got hurt at a clinic taking an Fce Exam for workers comp, who is responsible for the new injury?  If I got hurt at a clinic taking an Fce Exam for workers comp, who is responsible for the new injury? The clinic or Federal Workers comp?	Personal Injury Questions	Wisconsin
Law on how close one neighbor can erect a fence? Is there a law on how close one neighbor can erect a fence to the boundary with another neighbor?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Want to know is it possible for my aunt to sue anyone for the House? Hi my name is Brittany McNeil. My grandmother had just recently passed in July. She has a will stating everything would be left to my uncle which was also her power of attorney. My aunt is claiming that the House is hers because someone sign in ink her name on the deed. What I wanna know is it possible for her to sue anyone for the House	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a gas co. put a 24" gas pipe line on my land even if I do not want to? Can a gas co. put a 24" gas pipe line on my land even if I do not want to?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What can my grandma do if she gave my uncle money to buy property but lost it as it's up for auction? My grandma gave my uncle money to buy a piece of his property. She had a trailer put on the property with a separate address and now he has lost the house and its up for auction. What can she do?	Real Estate Questions	California
Could I use my income to help my brother-in-law knowing I'm using my income for my mother?  I'm filing for my mother and I'm going to use my income as Requirements. My brother in-law is filing for his father but his income don't cover the Poverty Guidelines which he needs affidavit of support. Could I use my income to help him knowing I'm using my income for my mother? Would it affect the applications? thank you	Immigration Questions	New York
Will the extra money that I have been sending be credited towards my 8 month obligation? My child support judgement of 12 years ago was for 650.00, I have been paying 800 for the last 2 years, one of the kids is over 18 so only one remains. I have 8 more months to pay, and the custodial parent presented an interstate petition for modification. I calculated that my payment according to my new financial situation and with only one dependent would be about 870.00 My question, in If I am required to pay the new amount, will the extra money that I have been sending be credited towards my 8 month obligation?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I apply for full custody of our son since the father is MIA? My husband & I are separated, not legally. Our 13 months old son stays with me and he barely sees the child. I have no way of contacting him. The two phones I have seem to be out of service since he never responded back. I don't know where he lives or if he still is in the state of NY. How do I apply for full custody of our son since he is MIA?	Family Questions	New York
If man never divorces but lives with another woman, who has legal rights after his death? In the state of NY, if a man and woman never divorces. But he man lives with another woman for 31 years and there's no will or power of attorney and then the man dies. Who has the legal rights and control over his burial? The woman with the legal marriage license or the woman he lived with?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Are there any legal travel restrictions to Mexico other than a current U.S. passport? Are there any legal travel restrictions to Mexico other than a current U.S. passport?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Should I incorporate my business in CA, NY or DE? Should I incorporate my business in CA, NY or DE?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
General managing partner sent time-sensitive material to form LLC. I am a partner in a current land/mineral partnership from property in Texas. The current General managing Partner has sent "time sensitive" material to form as an LLC. There are 22 partners in which I own about 1%. Should I agree?	Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Law Pivot Charter Member Questions,LawPivot Questions	Illinois
/questions/f0b13fb59f/if-i-paid-rent-on-the-first-so-how-does-the-3-day/

If the lease is ending and I will not resign a lease, how do i get half of the deposit back which i paid? I separated from my wife in new jersey 1 year ago. I now live in Florida. The apartment we just moved into we were both on the lease. Now the lease is ending and I will not resign a lease there. How do i get half of the deposit back which i paid?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can I sue if the boss fired me through and employee instead of telling me directly? Can I sue if the boss fired me through and employee instead of telling me directly because he assumed I was sucking my thumb? However I was with my job coach who witnessed the whole encountered.	Employment Questions	Virginia
Recourse if I was verbally annihilated by the union steward in view of 15+ employees, and I left my job? Worked in administration (health care), and had difficulty with quality of care due to union.  Was verbally annihilated by the union steward in view of 15+ employees, and I left my job.  What is my recourse?	Employment Questions	Washington
If I'm a part owner of a company, can I change my status even though my I-94 expired 7 years ago? If I'm a part owner of a company, can I change my status even though my I-94 expired 7 years ago?	Immigration Questions	Virginia
My aunt's son passed and left everything to her. There was no mention of copyrighted material and nothing ever was published. Can she submit his work?	Copyright Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	South Dakota
What should I do now if the insurance company does not approve & will not pay for the stomach pain tests? I have had blue cross blue shield of Florida for the last 3 years. It is an HSA. I live and work in Alabama. I go to my doctor because I was having stomach pains. He sends me to a different medical facility, across the hall, for a CT scan. The facility contacted BCBS, for pre-approval, and the  insurance company does not approve and will not pay for the test. What should I do now?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Alabama
I live in California and last month I had my neighbor arrested for pointing a gun at me and threatening to kill me. I have obtained a restraining order, but what else should I be doing? None	California Questions,Criminal Questions	California
Do pro bono lawyers have the same process as a paid attorney? Do pro bono lawyers have the same process as a paid attorney?	Criminal Questions	California
Is there a time frame the divorce papers have to be returned? If I file for divorce and one party is out of state is there a time frame the papers have to be returned?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
What will happen if they can't find me to serve me? What will happen if they can't find me to serve me?	Family Questions	California
Question regarding uncle who passed away and didn't finish will? We have lived on this property for 10 years. It is in NY. Uncle just passed away. He didn't have time to finish will. So what can we do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Missouri
How do I get my ex off my rental agreement? I live with ex boyfriend. He is on the rental agreement but he pays for nothing and he won't move out. How do I get him off my rental agreement?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Can parental rights be taken or child be adopted without consent if father pays no child support? My daughter is 4 and hasn't seen her father or had contact with him in 3 years with no child support. Is there any way i can get his parental rights taken away or have someone else legally adopt her without his permission?	Family Questions	Alabama
Is spitting in someones face a battery in Florida?
 Is spitting in someones face a battery in Florida?	Criminal Questions	Florida
If I have sole legal and physical custody of my son but moved to another state, what documents do I need to file? If I have sole legal and physical custody of my son but moved to another state, what documents do I need to file?	Family Questions	California
Can you sue your ex if he/she does not follow through with the agreement? In a Divorce Settlement, can you sue your ex spouse if he/she does not follow through with the agreement?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Why did the courts give custody to a father that has been in jail, has no job, & lives with his mother?
 Why did the courts give custody to a father that has been in jail for the past five years, has no job, lives with his mother, smokes weed?	Family Questions	California
Can a father terminate his parental rights due to abandonment? In Michigan can a father terminate his parental rights due to abandonment if a father has never seen the child or inquired about the child but is ordered and pays child support?	Family Questions	Michigan
How do I file a lien on a property for services rendered? How do I file a lien on a property for services rendered?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do if a false restraining order was filed against me? What to do if a false restraining order was filed against me?	Family Questions	California
What do you suggest if I was hit in my company vehicle while parked with my hazard lights on? I was hit in my company vehicle while parked with my hazard lights on. What do you suggest?	Personal Injury Questions	Nevada
Does overnight stay at boyfriend's house break divorce decree? Am I breaking my divorce decree if my children and I stay a night at my boyfriend's house when the decree says both parties' should restrain from co-habitating or living with a member of the opposite sex?	Family Questions	Utah
I am 20 years old. I live by myself struggling to pay bills. I just started college and realized that I'm considered dependent because I'm not married an have no kids. But I don't get any help from my parents. Was wondering if I am able to get emancipated.?	Chemicals/Materials Questions,Family Questions	Indiana
Is my 16-year-old son responsible for child support or will the parents be responsible? Is my 16-year-old son responsible for child support when he got a girl pregnant or will the parents be responsible?	Family Questions	Michigan
if my mother is alive and living in a nursing home, can the POA sell the home which is still in her name? if my mother is still alive and living in a nursing home, can the power of attorney sell the home which is still in her name, and not have to worry about the nursing home taking all of the money?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can garnishment ruling be enforced for company in another state? My company is located in Wisconsin, and we received a judgment against a business in Illinois that purchased services from us. We have been hearing mixed opinions on the following: Can the judgment we received in Wisconsin against this Illinois company be enforced in Illinois/serve garnishment?	Litigation Law Questions	Wisconsin
Are they required to pay me for the home we leased together and in which I am living in?  My spouse moved out and rented another home. Are they required to pay me for the home we leased together and in which I am living in? There is 14 months remaining on the lease.	Family Questions	Illinois
If I want to sponsor someone for a visitor's visa, do I have to have a passport? If I want to sponsor someone for a visitor's visa, do I have to have a passport?	Immigration Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding involved in a traffic accident with a valet driver? I was involved in a traffic accident with a valet driver. I was driving down the street in the right hand lane and the valet driver had a Range Rover parked in the left hand lane. As I was driving by he opened up the door hitting my vehicle. We determine there was no damage to the range rover and the range rover took off. When I called the owner of the valet company to ask for damages to my car he told me the owner of the range rover has contacted him for damages cause his door doesn't work right. The owner refuses to pay for my damages and says his driver says I'm to blame. He also told if I take him to small claims court he will counter sue me the the damages to the range rover he is being held liable for. Does he have case? I have insurance.	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can I still move if I'm moving out of state and I just found out my son's father filed a paternity case? I'm planning to move out of state and I just found out my son's father went to court to file a paternity case. However I haven't received anything yet but court date is in a week from today which is day after my scheduled move date. Can I still move?	Family Questions	New York
How long do you keep your divorce papers if you remarry? How long do you keep your divorce papers if you remarry?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a corporation restrict spouses from attending an out of state conference?
 Can a corporation restrict spouses from attending an out of state conference?	Employment Questions	Missouri
If I sign a limited power of attorney in California which authorizes my husband to handle any property in my name,  will that give him the authority to deal with my condo issues? If I sign a limited POA form in California which authorizes my husband to handle any property in my name,  will that give him the authority to deal with my condo issues?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
How would I be able to get custody as fast and cheap as possible for a child that is abused and neglected? My 14-year-old nephew is being abused and neglected. I have another nephew that's younger and a niece also that lives in the same household that are being abused and neglected as well. I've called children in youth and I've also called the police which neither have done anything for the kids so far. The parents of these children are compulsive liars and are getting away with everything they are putting these kids through. How would I be able to get custody as fast and cheap as possible? This situation is very bad and something needs to be done as soon as possible. Thanks.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
When served a petition for support from the DOR, do I have to just answer questions 1-14? When first being served a petition for support and other relief from the DOR, do I have to just answer questions 1-14? And when do I have to submit a financial affidavit on my behalf?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I set up a company in Delaware? how do i set up a company in Delaware?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Mother lost custody of daughter for drug addiction, now clean. I am the natural mother of a 4 year old daughter and the paternal grandmother has custody since the baby was born since I had a drug problem. I've now been clean for 2  years 6 months and going to college. I take monthly urine tests and have 30 consecutive supervised clean test.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
In Breach of Contract action, can a non-resident defendant be served out of state? In Breach of Contract action, can a non-resident defendant be served out of state?	Consumer Questions	Idaho
Question regarding power of attorney form needing a seal? Hi I need to know if a power of attorney form need a seal. I have a power of attorney sign by a lawyer but my bank refuse the document because there is no seal	Family Questions	Connecticut
Can my employer discuss my pay with other employees? Can my employer discuss my pay with other employees?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What are the requirements of the employer when they mandate certain requirements of the employee? What are the requirements of the employer when they mandate certain requirements of the employee in order to maintain an employed status after obtaining employment from said employer?	Employment Questions	California
How does one determine how much they deserve in an industrial accident case?  How does one determine how much they deserve in an industrial accident case?	Personal Injury Questions	Massachusetts
I want to take my daughter out of a mentally abusive environment I am divorced in FL. The state has no "custody" parent but uses instead a primary or extended visitation with the parent the child lives with and secondary visitation for the other parent. My daughter lives with her mother. She is 14. She wants to come live with me. If I keep her here with me can I be arrested for "kidnapping" or something of that kind?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I answer a lawsuit when I was sued for a dog bite? How do I answer a lawsuit when I was sued for a dog bite?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Do I have any recourse if I was terminated from my job while I was on medical leave? Do I have any recourse if I was terminated from my job while I was on medical leave?	Employment Questions	California
Is a hand written contract a legal binding contract?	Contract Questions	Washington
How many hours can you legally work in a 24-hour period? How many hours can you legally work in a 24 hour period? I work in home health care and I am scheduled 9am-1pm sat. 7pm-7am sat. into sun. and 8-30am-12pm on sun. Is this legal? I know it isn't safe but do I have a legal leg to stand on?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding seeking to resolve my 14-year marriage? Seeking to resolve my 14 year marriage. Living in the same household has become so unhealthy for my children and I. I want to move but can't afford to do so because I have a minor child in high school and our home is in both our names. How can I do so legally? He earns two incomes one from a cleaning business I help him with(which I receive no benefit ). Feeling trapped! What can I do?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding my friend put into her aunt's custody? My friend was recently put into her aunt's custody due to the aunt threatening my friend's mother that if she didn't give her the custody she was going to get my friend's step dad in jail. Now that my friend is living with the aunt, the aunt doesn't allow her to talk to anyone she normally did before she moved. Is this legal?	Family Questions	California
If I get guardianship from my grandsons mom can she take him back or does she have to go back to court? if i get guardianship from my grandsons mom can she take him back or does she have to go back to court?	Family Questions	Michigan
What to do if my husband wants a divorce but I'm on disability and can't support myself? I have been marry for 12 years to my husband and today he wants a divorce. I'm on disability and that means I wouldn't be able to support myself. I don't have money for a lawyer.	Family Questions	Georgia
How can my American boyfriend fix my residency in the US when we want to marry and bring my child? Hi, my boyfriend (25) and I (23) want to get married soon. I'm illegal now because my visa expired and he is divorced. I want to know if he can help me to fix my situation? How difficult is it to bring my daughter here  ( she's 3, lives in Peru)? We are from Peru.	Immigration Questions	Florida
If I made 80K and my wife made 45K, is she entitled to any alimony? My wife wants a divorce and there was/is no cheating involved.   I made 80K and she made 45K, is she entitled to any alimony? If so how much and for how long?	Family Questions	California
What can I do if my lawyer is losing my child custody case and my son? My lawyer is losing my child custody case.  She is losing my son.  What can I do?	Family Questions	Illinois
When you hire a lawyer and you have paid him and he is a con artist how do u get your money back? When you hire a lawyer and you have paid him and he is a con artist how do u get your money back and get rid of him?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Does my father have a right to keep us from our kids and what can we do to get them back? Due to loss of employment between my husband and I, we got evicted. Instead of having our 3 children out on the streets with us, we decided to let them stay with my father until we could get back on our feet. He now has physical custody of all three of my children and my husband and I have been going on a roller coaster ever since.Sometimes my father won't answer his phone, and won't call back for 3-4 days at a time with the excuse that he doesn't have to answer his phone if he doesn't want to. We now have a home that we live in and my husband works (under the table), and this economy is so horrible I have yet to find a job.My question is this: Does he have a right to keep us from our kids and what can we do to get them back?	Family Questions	Virginia
Is it possible to enter the U.S. for a job interview? Is it possible to enter the U.S. for a job interview?	Immigration Questions	California
What can I do if i lost my unlawful detainer case by default cause I missed my court date? i lost my unlawful detainer case by default cause I missed my court date. What can i do now and what can i do about my water and power being shut off for a month by landlord?	Real Estate Questions	California
How do I find out if my mom and dad had a will and how do i get half of the house from my two sisters? How do I find out if my mom and dad had a will and how do i get half of the house from my two sisters?	Family Questions	Virginia
What can I do to see my son if my wife is being unresponsive? My wife has left with our 3 year old son. It's been a few days now. She is not answering her cell. What can I do to see my son?	Family Questions	Florida
How come I am responsible for my husband's state and federal income tax bills? How come I am responsible for my husband's state and federal income tax bills? Is there a way I can get my name off of this, I was not the one working but my check is now being garnished.thank youGina baranelloginahcts@gmail.com	Tax Questions	New York
Is there any thing I can do about the incident that destroyed the evidence?  My dad was killed in a car wreck. The very next day his brother goes and gets his car from the tow yard and had it crushed and sold for scrap iron. I had to fly there and I am my dad's only living child. It was awful what went on while I was there then months later my dad's insurance people call me looking for the car for investigation They all lied about it. Is there any thing I can do about this that destroyed the evidence?	Personal Injury Questions	California
If I own a 2012 motorcycle is it possible to sublease it to someone?  If I own a 2012 motorcycle is it possible to sublease it to someone? If I make a sublease contract and have it notarized stating that they are responsible for payments will having it notarized make it legal?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What could happen if I don't show when I have a customer taking me to small claims court? I have a customer taking me to small claims court. What could happen if I don't show?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can our landlord force us to sign a new lease 3 months before lease runs out? Can our landlord force us to sign a new lease 3 months before lease runs out and after living here for 7 yrs requires us to give another $300 security deposit?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Is it legal to ask a woman to wear a skirt? What is the applicant has a disability and doesn't what to show it? I applied for a casino dealer job in new jersey, the employer sent an email confirming the interview date and asked that all female applicants wear a black skirt and a white button down shirt. For the men, however, they must wear black pants and a white button down shirt.  Is it legal to ask a woman to wear a skirt? What is the applicant has a disability and doesn't what to show it?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
True if one of the founders of my company, that is no longer an owner, has rights to the company? I am part owner in a small company. One of the founders of this company, that is no longer an owner, is saying he has rights to the company. Is that true?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Illinois
How long do I have to go thru probate after husband dies? How long do I have to go thru probate after husband dies?	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if my son got into an accident, doesn't have insurance and has a large bill? My son got in a car accident as the car was under my name. I didn't have insurance. He's got a bill for $107,000.00. I do not know what to do.	Personal Injury Questions	California
What are the laws regarding tools for mechanics?
 What are the laws regarding tools for mechanics?	Employment Questions	California
Can I get a case of careless driving and leaving the scene dismissed if I did not know I hit the person's car? Can I get a case of careless driving and leaving the scene dismissed if I did not know I hit the person's car and if I drove only two blocks from the supposed accident to my home? Officer came to my house and ticketed me.	Criminal Questions	Florida
Oral Power Of Attorney Hi. I signed some health documents for my mother with her permission and I signed her name, not mine. Would this power of attorney form be binding in the State of Florida?	Family Questions	Florida
Is this legally binding?  Failed to file and/or pay the City of Hamtramck, MI income tax for the calendar year 2006. Have to report to the 31st District Court on Mon 7/23/12. Charge with Violation of City Inc. Tax Ordinance 292. Is this legally binding? What should I expect? I lost my job & currently unemployed. The notice I received clearly states Maximum penalty $500 fine and/or 90 days imprisonment. Please advice	Tax Questions	Michigan
If my father passed away 2 months ago,  How is a Will reading handled?  My father passed away 2 months ago.  How is a Will reading handled?  Does someone have to contact me?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Is an offer of employment by e-mail with wage offered a legal contract?  Is an offer of employment by e-mail, with wage offered, a legal contract? My son accepted this offer and waited months to be deployed. This offer was then rescinded. Does he have a recourse? The offer was made from a company in Virgina, my son lives in CO. He does not have money to have an attorney handle this.Is there any recourse?????  Please help.Thank You,  Joyce	Employment Questions	California
Is there anyway my dad can take the land back if he signed a quit claimed deed? My dad signed a quit claimed deed but since then he is still the one paying all the property taxes. Is there anyway he can take the land back?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Rental Apartment I haven't signed a rental contract, but I gave the landlord a security deposit and the first and last months rent. Now, six months later, I want to move. Can the landlord keep my security deposit and the last months rent if I leave before the time we agreed upon?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I get fired if I file a grievance for working in a hostile workplace? Can I get fired if I file a grievance for working in a hostile workplace when there was slander of my character and searching my office?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If my landlord gave me a letter requesting to enter my apartment on Thursday and does not show up till Friday, do I have to let them in? if my landlord gave me a letter requesting to enter my apartment on Thursday and does not show up till Friday, do I have to let them in?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Am I allowed to assign the whole contract to them if I want to assign rights of a contract? I want to assign rights of a contract I have to a nonprofit I also run.  Am I allowed to assign the whole contract to them?  Since I do not receive the income, is it still taxable to me?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can an employer change an employee's time card?  Can an employer change an employee's time card? In other words, if an employee clocks in at 8 am but is scheduled for 8:30, can the time card be changed even if the employee worked at 8:00?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I get the car back if my friend did not paid in 3 months? I gave my friend my car in my name with the agreement. She would make the payments she has not paid in 3 months. Can I get the car back?	Consumer Questions	California
How much would it cost for my divorce if the father has physical custody every other weekend and he is willing to sign for the divorce? I've been separated for 12 years and I have primary custody. How much would it cost for my divorce if the father has physical custody every other weekend and he is willing to sign for the divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
When my tenant has died after signing a lease, can I require the tenants heir to pay the remaining lease? When my tenant has died after signing a one year lease, can I require the tenants heir to pay the remaining lease?	Real Estate Questions	California
What age of the child does child support payments end? What age of the child does child support payments end?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Is it a problem to mention nursery rhymes in my book?  I wrote a childrens book that mentions the names of nursery rhymes and mother goose - is that a problem?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I paid someone to build a website for me and they plagiarized my competitor's site? I paid someone to build a website for me, don't have the receipt. The website is a cut and paste from my competitor. It even goes to their website when I click on certain areas. What can I do?	Criminal Questions	Florida
A legally enforceable agreement: to do or not to do something? A legally enforceable agreement: to do or not to do something?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
30 days ago I signed a contract with a wedding venue for Oct 31 2012.  Now I wish to cancel that contract.  We have already put half of the cost down and they want the remainder of the cost of the venue, the full amount, even though they still have 11 months to rebook.  Can we get out of this?	Contract Questions	Georgia
How can someone be authorized to handle business affairs and banking for a corporation or LLC in the event the principals are not available?  Or what if they die?	Corporate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
What to do if an ex of my husband is constantly texting, emailing, and calling my cellphone? An ex of my husband is constantly texting, emailing, and calling my cellphone. She claims my husband as her child's father but when I asked her to get a DNA test she refused mind you this said child is over 20. I"m tired of this, my next step is to get the law involved. All I saved all the texts,letters, and voicemails.	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding my current ownership of a house with my parents? I currently co-own a house in California (Santa Clara County) w/my parents. The original deed lists ownership as follows:"(my name), an unmarried woman, (my parents' names), husband & wife, all as joint tenants". Five years later, a Quitclaim deed was filed changing the ownership to read:"(my name), an unmarried woman as her sole & separate property as to her one-half interest & (my parents' names), husband & wife, as community property as to their one-half interest". I am trying to determine my ownership of the property as well as understand the pros/cons of this quitclaim deed. What was gained/lost by myself & my parents when this change was made? What are the possible reasons for filing a quitclaim deed like this one?	Real Estate Questions	California
Are we legally married in Mississippi even though we remarried in Alabama? My present wife and I were married before in Mississippi. We divorced in Mississippi. We remarried again in Alabama. Are we legally married in Mississippi even though we remarried in Alabama?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Mississippi
I have a civil matter with my mechanic. Do I have grounds to file suit to get my deposit back if no work was done and no parts were ordered? I have my receipt and it does not state deposits are non-refundable nor did he state it verbally.	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Texas
What to do if can't have my daughter's father on the birth certificate since it wasn't in the judgement? I became pregnant before my divorce was finalized.  My ex husband is not the biological father of my daughter.  I didn't know I had to have it in the judgment of divorce that he wasn't.  Now I can't have her biological father on the birth certificate since it wasn't in the divorce judgement.	Family Questions	Michigan
Do I have a right to keep my kids in Martin county where they have resided since when they were born? My wife moved out to Tampa 3 months ago. We lived in and I still live in Martin County, where we have our home and the two kids were born. Do I have a right to keep my kids in Martin county where they have resided since when they were born?	Family Questions	Florida
Need to know my rights if I've been married for 33 years and want a divorce? I have been married for 33 years and now I want divorce, but I need to know my rights?	Family Questions	California
How do I write in a legal document in an unemployment gap? How do I write in a legal document in an unemployment gap when asked for a 5-year employment history?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Can he sell this condo without me and do I have any legal rights? We have been married 12 years now and my husband wants me to move out and sell the condo which he bought before our marriage. It's still our home & I lived there for 20 years. This is my only home and I am 65 years old.  Can he sell this condo without me and do I have any legal rights?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Missouri
Is it legal for an employer to deny their employee a drink if they are thirsty? Is it legal for an employer to deny their employee a drink if they are thirsty?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can we cancel a contract we signed yesterday after noon for acrylic painting on the exterior of our home? Can we cancel a contract we signed yesterday after noon for acrylic painting on the exterior of our home? We had a high pressure salesman here and we were not really wanting to buy. Does the three day rule apply here? Can we cancel it?	Consumer Questions	Florida
If I am made beneficiary of a large sum of money and the benefactor requested most of the funds to be given to charities, would I have any ramifications? If I am made beneficiary of a large sum of money and the benefactor requested most of the funds to be given to charities, would I have any ramifications? In addition, would I have to pay any taxes on the money?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
If my mother wants to give me her portion of the 7 acres she owned together, how can she do that? My mother wants to give me her portion of the 7 acres her and my father own together (still married legally), how can she do that?	Real Estate Questions	California
How do you tell if an online website is legitimate for filing for divorce? How do you tell if an online website is legitimate for filing for divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my friend be required to pay this illegitimate amount of money with her disability income? My 50 year old friend is disabled as a result of Guillen Bare Syndrome.  After rehab she had a roommate to share expenses. She owes about $1500 but the former roommate had her sign(she was not paying attention) a note for $5000.  My friend has paid back much of what she borrowed but her roommate would never accept a check or give a receipt.  The room mate is taking my friend to small claims court, can my friend be obligated to pay this $5000 even though she does not have the money and exists on disability alone.  My friend currently lives in Handicapped housing in Glen Cove.  Can my friend be required to pay this illegitimate amount of money with her disability income?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Question regarding my college-student son working as an "intern" for a startup in the bay area? My college-student son is working as an "intern" for a startup in the bay area.  He is being paid an amount monthly agreed to ahead of time.  He is doing programming work, although this is his first experience in computer programming.  The company is not withholding any taxes and seems to claim that he is an independent contractor. I think he must be an employee.	Employment Questions	California
How do you go about setting up a foundation for a deceased loved one?  How do you go about setting up a foundation for a deceased loved one? Where does one begin?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Does a domain name uphold in court as a legitimate copyright against an LLC? Does a domain name uphold in court as a legitimate copyright against an LLC?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
What proof do I need to prove defamation of character? What proof do I need to prove defamation of character?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can son get ticket for paraphernalia without possessing pot? Can my son get a ticket for paraphernalia if he has a one hitter with no pot resin or no pot on his possession, just some oregano?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
What are my rights and what happens when I can't pay the credit card company? I am being sued by a credit card company. I am a senior citizen with social security as my main income with 2 days work a few months out of the year. What are my rights and what happens when I can't pay it?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Is it ok for a 5 year old child to testify in family court for a neglect case?	Family Questions	New York
Is there any way I can recoup some of the money that I had already paid my ex for child support? I reside in the state of California where seven years ago I went to court for custody of my child and lost. Six years ago my child decided to move in with me and her mother told me the only way she would allow this if I continued to pay her child support. I felt like I was being blackmailed, but I just wanted the best for my child, so because I did not want to go through another court battle, I continued paying her. My daughter is now 1 month shy of her 18th birthday and has decided to move in with her mother and now I was brought back into court and ordered to pay her more money then originally ordered. Is there any way I can recoup some of the money that I had already paid her?	Family Questions	California
Is there any way for me to be compensated if I had a heart attack? I was staying out of town to do a job for my employer and after hours I had a heart attack. Is there any way for me to be compensated?	Personal Injury Questions	Nevada
Can you sue someone for forty dollars in small claims court in Georgia? Can you sue someone for forty dollars in small claims court in Georgia?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
What to do if I bought take out from casino & had foreign object? What to do if I bought take out from casino & had foreign object?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
What options do I have if a coworker disclosed several financial matters? A coworker disclosed several financial matters including credit report information to other coworkers.  He obtained this info through a relative that works for a policing  agency.  What options do I have?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can Comcast deny me the right to speak to a supervisor when the "customer service" rep is rude? Can a business (Comcast) deny me the right to speak to a supervisor when the "customer service" rep is rude and wrong about the information???  The rep told me she wouldn't transfer me.	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
If i am on visit visa in America can my uncle sponsor me for green card? If i am on visit visa in America can my uncle sponsor me for green card?	Immigration Questions	Illinois
Can I take action against a former employer who is giving me bad references?  Can I take action against a former employer in NY who is giving me bad references? I've been out of work  (in online media) for five years now and I feel this is happening. I'm mid-career with good references otherwise.	Employment Questions	New York
Does my friend have any hope of getting charges dropped for the policeman's terrible actions? I know someone who was stopped by a cop today for speeding. They wanted to search the car and it wasn't their car. The owner gave permission and they sent in a canine and the dog found a roach. Immediately the cop made haste toward the individual about tackling him to the point of sending the individuals phone across the road. The whole problem is this individual didn't even move. No sign that he was going to run. He was standing still. From a legal standpoint that seems like police brutality. On top of that, HE WAS NEVER READ HIS MIRANDA RIGHTS. He was booked and put in jail. Does he have any hope of getting charges dropped for the policeman's terrible unnecessary actions?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Can you stop a business owner from spreading false information that can harm your business? Can you stop a business owner from spreading false information that can harm your business?	Commercial Questions	Georgia
Is it legal if my landlord sent me a notice of renewing my lease on March when it's really May? I live in Michigan. My lease is up in May of 2012. My landlord has sent me a notice stating that I may renew the Lease but it must by renewed by 03-22-12. Is that legal?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
If a collector called me for a debt back in 2003, Is this passed the statue of limitations? A debt collector called me for a debt back in 2003. Is this passed the statue of limitations for them to come after and pay?	Consumer Questions	California
Do we need a attorney to make our irrevocable trust legal, or will having it notarized be legal? Do we need a attorney to make our irrevocable trust legal, or will having it notarized be legal?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
I signed up with an agent but want to move it to Louisiana. How can I? How do I move an LLC from Nevada to Louisiana? I signed up one year ago with Nevada Corporate Headquarters and they are my registered agent.  I was told by NCH that I would have to dissolve my company and reopen in Louisiana if I wanted to move my LLC to Louisiana. I would have to think there is an easier way. I need to get this done by the end of February and need help doing this.	Corporate Questions	Louisiana
Can you be fired after letter of resignation rejected? Can a job reject a letter of resignation then say you're being let go?	Employment Questions	Texas
How can my parole be threatened when co-defendant was released with the same amount owed? In the state of Michigan, my parole officer told me that my parole may be extended because I still owe on my restitution. However, my co-defendant and I were court ordered to pay this joint and severely. My co-defendant was released from parole in February of 2012 with the same amount owed. How can my parole be threatened and he was released?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Brother and I inherited parents' home but he says I can't stay. My brother and I inherited my parents home. My brother has been living there & I need to stay there for a while because I can not pay my rent. My brother says I can not stay. Since I am half owner can I move in anyways? I really don't have a choice on a place to go.	Real Estate Questions	California
If my company has illegal software, am I liable for prosecution if I use it?
 I work in Florida. My company has illegal software, a pirated version. If I use it am I liable for prosecution?Thx Raymond	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
I want to know if i can go on a cruise to Cozumel, Mexico with a work permit? I want to know if i can go on a cruise to Cozumel, Mexico with a work permit?	Immigration Questions	Kentucky
Is there a time limit on how long you have to be married before a step parent can adopt a step child? Is there a time limit on how long you have to be married in the state of California before a step parent can adopt a step child?	Family Questions	California
What are all legal documents? Would I need other than service contracts between buyers & sellers, terms of use and privacy policy & how much would this cost me? I've built a marketplace startup but need the legal documents before I launch. I'm looking for long term legal relationship. What are all legal documents would I need other than service contracts between buyers & sellers, terms of use and privacy policy? How much would this cost me?	Contract Questions,Employment Questions	California
f I take my husband's last name legally, can I continue to use my maiden name in my business such as for signing business checks and other legal documents?  I am getting married but have a business using my maiden name. If I take his last name legally, can I continue to use my maiden name in my business such as for signing business checks and other legal documents? Will I need to change my DL, SS card, Passport, etc? I am in Minnesota and my business is a corporation.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Do I  have to continue visitation if I don't want child support anymore? I pay my child support and have had enough with my ex and my daughter. My ex makes me drive to her place which is 3 hours away & refuses to come to my place for pick up. My daughter doesn't want to come and she tells me her mom has plans and that's why she came. Do I  have to continue visitation if I don't want it anymore?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How can I obtain sole custody? I have joint custody with my x, he has residential, state of Kansas (SRS) took the children from his custody, they don't know I exist cause he moved and his current wife is telling everyone she is their mother. How can I obtain sole custody? Who do I talk to? I just found out I have back child support I was unaware of. How can I make this go away? How can I get in contact before a court hearing that could give them back to my meth using ex?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If my disabled son is thrown out of his wheelchair on a school bus is that gross negligence? If my disabled son is thrown out of his wheelchair on a school bus is that gross negligence?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
How can I get my money back if a law firm has frozen my account? My Name is Clarise Murphy, and here is the short of it, a law firm out of Chicago has frozen my account because of a balance to discover, ever time we have been to court I have told them I don't have the money to pay them. Now I cant get in to my account to get what little money I have left. What can I do? I am on a medical leave from work and have no money.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If we get married will I become responsible for my fiancee's debts? My fiancee has a debt, if we get married will I become responsible for these debts? We live in Florida.	Family Questions	Florida
If I divorce, would my husband be entitled to any of my father's money? I live in Chicago, IL I am considering a divorce.  My father passed away in September 2011 and I was the sole beneficiary on his life insurance.  If we divorce would my husband be entitled to any of the money?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Who has legal custody of our daughter if my ex and I never filed for custody? My 2-year-old daughter was born in the state of CA and neither I nor her father filed for custody through the court system. who has legal custody of her?	Family Questions	California
I was given thirty days to vacate. How can I get more time?	Leasing Questions	California
Question regarding owning a home jointly with someone else? I own a home jointly in Michigan with another. We are not married. The mortgage is in that persons name. I have no obligation to it. I am on the title to the home. A company has attached a lien to the home that is only the other persons debt. I have no obligation to that debt. Is this legal? If not how do I get it removed immediately?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can I get more support if I make more than my husband since he never made a house payment? I make more than my ex-husband.  I also kept the home we built during our marriage.  He doesn't have a house payment and hasn't since we divorced almost 10 years ago.   Can I get more support?  He originally agreed to pay 700 a month once the two older children were grown.  Now I get 425 a month.  Why do I have to go by state guidelines when he filed for a modification?  He didn't have any problems agreeing to the original figures.	Family Questions	Georgia
if my ex husband is not the biological dad of my son can he claim him on his taxes? if my ex husband is not the biological dad of my son can he claim him on his taxes?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I figure out a settlement amount involving an elevator accident in which I was injured? How do I figure out a settlement amount involving an elevator accident in which I was injured? Is there a formula I can use	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can ex claim children on their taxes without my consent? I live in California and have full physical custody of my two daughters. Can my ex-husband or his girlfriend claim my children or even one child on their taxes without my consent? What can I do if they already have?	Family Questions	California
What to do after a judge ignores the victim's statement for restitution?  A Judge ignored or never saw the victims statement for restitution therefore the case was closed. What should I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is mold considered to be enough to declare the unit uninhabitable? My son signed a lease for an apartment with me as guarantor.  One of his roommates moved in early only to find a significant mold problem which he reported in writing. A minimal effort was made to clean and paint over, but there is still evidence of mold.  We want to break the lease. The manager has offered to re let the unit charging us $200. However, there is no guarantee that he can re let the unit leaving us still on the hook for the lease and unable to make another housing arrangement.  I want to break the lease based on habitability concerns.   I want to be released immediately from this lease so that we can secure another housing arrangement.  Is mold considered to be enough to declare the unit uninhabitable?	Real Estate Questions	California
Statue of limitations on the number of hours overworked after falling asleep? Here we go. I worked for a security company as a guard for 5 years with 3 call offs and I was fired for falling asleep. I was overworked. one month i worked like 25-28, 8hr night-shifts straight with no days off, plus i held over for overtime in the morning sometimes. this was last year is there a statue of limitations on this. i worked the hours because i was in fear of losing my job and they had a paper trail on me which they help create. do i have a case.thanks	Employment Questions	California
What does "bequeath and devise in fee to my wife" mean?   What does "bequeath and devise in fee to my wife" mean?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Strong case to file for sole custody if my daughter's father doesn't want to pay child support? My daughter's father doesn't want to pay child support & says that he will go to jail instead.  Now he gets her every other weekend and I have to provide him with things like pampers, wipes, soap, medications, clothes ext. when she goes over there. Do I have a strong case to file for sole custody?	Family Questions	Connecticut
If I was in an accident and it was my fault is there anything that can be done for my medical bills? If I was in an accident and it was my fault is there anything that can be done for my medical bills?	Personal Injury Questions	California
How does one lawyer buy an opposing lawyer out against their clients interest or vice-versa?  How does one lawyer buy an opposing lawyer out against their clients interest or vice-versa?  I live in a small town in Louisiana, and I suspect this happened to me, in relation to a local attorney.  Recently I heard another story of such shenanigans from another resident whom I met.This is the fourth incident that I have heard of or had personal experience with also.I get the sense that the attorneys around here do as they damn well please, and dump it on their clients, one way or another.How does the fact that alot of them do work for each other play into this?My case is not yet resolved, but this type conduct, likely plays a role.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Louisiana
Is it legal to pay me less per hour than an eight hour employee simply because I work a 12-hour schedule? Is it legal to pay me less per hour than an eight hour employee simply because I work a 12-hour schedule?	Employment Questions	California
Do I have any legal rights to support even if my separated husband lives in England with our son?  My husband and I have been married 12 years. He is leaving me and taking our 17-year-old with him to England. I quit working  in 2004 when we took on our 2 daughters as foster children then adopted them on Aug, 2007. Our 10-year-old will be staying with me. My Q is, do I have any legal rights to support even if he lives in England?  Thank you,  Roxanne Harter	Family Questions	California
We are an early stage startup seeded by a corporation. We have to file total of 5 patents and 5 trademarks for our startup. We have filed 1 utility patent and 1 trademark in 2010. Our first patent & trademark cost us approximately $6K in legal costs. I am looking for cost estimates for the next 4.	Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
What can I do if someone is sending letters putting me down to my sponsors? what can i do if someone is sending letters putting me down to my sponsors and making me scared to go to my work?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What happens if you get fired for no reason? What happens if you get fired for no reason?	Employment Questions	California
Insurance company in personal injury suit will pay for medical bills but not accept liability. My attorney just informed me that the insurance company involved in my personal injury suit will pay for my medical bills now, but they are not accepting liability at the moment. Moreover, this is not the actual "settlement." Is this common in personal injury cases?	Personal Injury Questions	California
How do I put my money into a family trust? How do I put my money into a family trust and do I need a lawyer for that?  How much does it cost?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
My tenant broke her lease (signed on for 12 months but left after 9) but her boyfriend has asked to remain in the property to complete her obligation.  Do I need a new lease?  What happens to her pet & breakage deposit?  The home is under the control of a property management company.	Leasing Questions	Pennsylvania
Where can I find a contract to have our models sign to wear our clothing?	Contract Questions	Colorado
Can an LLC be setup as a C Corp? Can an LLC be setup as a C Corp? What would be some of the advantages, disadvantages?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Arkansas
How do we get our roof fixed with no leaking when the homeowners are no longer paying the insurance? We are renting a house we eventually want to own and discovered that the roof needs serious repair and the homeowners are no longer paying the house insurance or taxes and are refusing to fix the roof. Our roof is now leaking. What can we do to get it fixed?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can the ex wife who has primary custody of a child 12 years or younger to change their last name without the approval of the other parent in Pennsylvania? Can the ex wife who has primary custody of a child 12 years or younger to change their last name without the approval of the other parent in Pennsylvania?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
What doe the Massachusetts circuit breaker law mean and who doe it apply to? What doe the Massachusetts circuit breaker law mean and who doe it apply to?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Do creditors need to notify you by mail before they levee your bank acct or put a lien on your property? Do creditors need to notify you by mail before they levee your bank acct or put a lien on your property?	Consumer Questions	California
How old must a child be before they can make the decision of which parent they wish to live with? In North Carolina how old must a child be before he/she can make the decision of which parent they wish to live with?	Family Questions	Georgia
Sue my ex to sell the property to get my name off the loan? My ex-wife got a piece of property and our house in the divorce settlement. She is subsequently late on the property payments affecting my credit - since we are both on both loans despite the intra-family transfer. Can I sue her for contempt since she is not following her end of the agreement in the divorce. Can I sue her to sell both the house and the property to get my name off the loan. What other options do I have?	Real Estate Questions	California
If the father lives in Florida and the kids live in New York what law(s) do you follow regarding child support? If the father lives in Florida and the kids live in New York what law(s) do you follow regarding child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What can you do when a doctor discloses your personal information in front of another person? What can you do when a doctor discloses your personal information in front of another person?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I apply for refugee situation so that I can work in the states when I have a B2 visa? Hi I am from Syria with a B2 visa. I am here since 26 of June. Am I eligible for TPS or can I apply for refugee situation so that I can work in the states?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
Wife drop me from her coverage under lifestyle change or is she required to wait until open enrollment?
 I am covered on my wife's health insurance at Walmart.  I recently enrolled for VA health services. Can my wife drop me from her coverage under lifestyle change or is she required to wait until open enrollment?Thank you,Jim Pierce	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is S-corp shareholder entitled to revenue after dissolving portion? If a shareholder in a Texas S Corporation wants to dissolve his portion of the company and the company has debt; but the company is still producing revenue from business the shareholder has produced. Does the shareholder have a right to receive payment from his percentage?	Corporate Questions	Texas
Does my former employer have to pay for my health insurance for March if I was let go in March? I was let go from my last job on March 2, 2012. Does my former employer have to pay for my health insurance for March?	Employment Questions	Illinois
After you move out of a rental property, How long does a landlord in the state of NH have to return your security deposit? After you move out of a rental property, How long does a landlord in the state of NH have to return your security deposit?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Legal to name a product(s) based on lyrics from an old cartoon intro? We'd like to name a trio of products after a couple of lines from a cartoon intro from back in the 70's.The 8 words themselves are not individually unique (e.g. Google), proper (e.g. Martha), or copyrighted (from what we have searched so far), but the product names that we have in mind, when collectively looked at as a trio, will be recognized as being from the jingle, which may be copyrighted itself. We don't know the copyright status of the jingle as a whole since it was created prior to 1978 which is as far back as the online copyright search goes. If the jingle turns out to be copyrighted, are a couple of separate lines from within the jingle copyrighted too? The words are catchy and have special relevance to the product.	Copyright Questions,Trademark Questions	Hawaii
What form do i file with the DMV to reinstate my drivers license? hello, I had my drivers license in CA suspended. What form do i file with the DMV to reinstate my drivers license. Child support services told me my account was close. where do i find the form and what is it called?  Thank you	Family Questions	California
Can I resolve the partnership if my partner is not cooperating? I have a Partnership with a business.  He has not returned my phone calls and has been taking money out of the checking account without notifying me.  Can I resolve the partnership? Can I get my own DBA?  What can he do against me?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
What options do I have when my previous landlord has put a freeze on my bank account and will not return my call? What options do I have when my previous landlord has put a freeze on my bank account and will not return my call? I live in the state of Pennsylvania.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Advice should I get before I try to start a business for landlords to report bad tenants? I would like to start a website business for landlords  to report BAD TENANTS, who does not pay their rent, damage property before abandoning the premises. What legal advice should  I get before I try to start this business?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
If an advertiser made a mistake in their terms and won't pay me, can I take action? If an advertiser made a mistake in their terms and won't pay me for the sales I've generated through those term, can I take action?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Any laws for the workplace about temperature for retail stores? Are there any laws for the workplace about temperature for retail stores?	Employment Questions	California
Is my ex obligated to start child support and pay half of the household bills? My husband and I are in the middle of divorce.  We are still living together and he has stopped depositing his paycheck into our account.  Is he obligated to start child support and pay half of the household bills?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Does the landlord have a right to break the lock in my storage? I rent an apartment in Fresno, CA. The laundry rooms are a bout two hundred away, so are the storage rooms . Does the landlord have a right to break the lock in my storage?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can a notarized letter supersede a will?
 Can a notarized letter supersede a will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Will my son be able to insist legally that his son take his legal last name? My daughter-in-law has not taken my son's last name since they were married 1 year ago. They are expecting their first child. Will my son be able to insist legally that his son take his legal last name?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If I walk away will it hurt me/my credit or taxes financially with the inherited home? Inherited home. My name on house deed but not mortgage or loan documents. If I walk away will it hurt me/my credit or taxes financially?	Real Estate Questions	California
If someone takes my art and enters it in a contest without my permission, is that against the law? I am a professional artist. If someone takes my art and enter it in a jury contest without my permission, win first prize, is that against the law?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can my husband set up Wills behind my back and are Wills more powerful than a spouse? Can my husband set up Wills behind my back and are Wills more powerful than a spouse?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Nevada
Does it make a difference if we were married in Las Vegas and now we live in Virginia but divorce? My spouse and I just signed divorce papers and everything will be over. Does it make a difference if we were married in Las Vegas and now we live in Virginia?	Family Questions	Virginia
What would I need to provide to the court to win full custody to move out of state? What would I need to provide to the court to win full custody to move out of state?	Family Questions	California
Possible to hold mini-fundraisers to accumulate money to pay for application legally? I am interested in setting up a 501 c3 but do not have the funds to do it. Is it possible to hold mini-fundraisers to accumulate enough money to pay for the application without incurring any legal issues?	Tax Questions	California
How to get legal representation for not having insurance in an accident & I was the person being hit? How to get legal representation for not having insurance in a car accident and I was the person being hit?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Am I entitled to overtime when I have worked over 8hrs. per day? As an hourly employee am I entitled to overtime when I have worked over 8hrs. per day or over 40hrs per week?	Employment Questions	California
Can I use the entire amount of the security deposit to replace the carpet? My tenant moved out, the dog smell is all over the carpet area. It has been cleaned twice. The pet's smell still remain. I have consulted carpet expert, they told me the carpet has to be replaced. It will cost me about $3000. I have security deposit $2600 and Pets deposit $500. Can I use the entire amount to replace the carpet?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Legal for My employer to fire me cause I sold broken empty wooden pallets and some bale of cardboard? My employer used the reason to fire me and said that I sold broken empty wooden pallets and some bale of cardboard.	Employment Questions	Illinois
How can I easily change my company from Sub S to LLC? How can I easily change my company from Sub S to LLC?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Georgia
If I have a conditional permanent residence card which expires a year ago, can I still do some actions for that?  If I have a conditional permanent residence card which expires a year ago, can I still do some actions for that? And can I just use a copy of it cause I kinda lost my card? What would be the possible requirements for it??	Immigration Questions	California
Am I able to vacate my apartment without any problems to leave a week earlier? Hello, if I gave my 30 day notice to vacate my apartment, but later decided to leave a week or two earlier. Am I able to do so without any problems? Or am I responsible for paying the days I left early?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is the legal date a landlord shut off the heat for the end of the winter season? In Massachusetts, what is the legal date a landlord can shut off the heat for the end of the winter season?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
Can the seller change their mind on signing a land contract cause we wouldn't give more money? After signing a land contract and giving the seller a down payment a few days later she changed her mind because we wouldn't give her more money for things she said went with the house. Can the seller do that?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Anything I can do if I moved to another state to work at Safeway and they failed to properly transfer me? I relocated from Washington state to California.  I work for Safeway and I gave company 2 months notice that I was leaving to get closer to family and requested a transfer.  I got an approved  transfer however they don't guarantee a job but say they make every effort to do so.  Well I have been in CA for over 6 weeks now and have not heard from Safeway. I went online and applied at 5 stores in the area. My unemployment is being denied as they are saying I was the moving party therefore it is ruled as a quit.  Employer failed to report the reason for my separation.  I now need to send in a written appeal. Is there anything I can do?  If you need more info let me know.	Employment Questions	California
What to do if someone is pressing criminal charges against us for buying stuff from a company? I own a business in Pittsburgh. I bought some stuff from a company in Virgina. I paid $2000 on a $10000 bill and now they called today and said we have to pay it all. As well they called the police and they wanted to know what was going on we just sent them another 2000 on the account and they are saying they are going to press criminal charges against us. What should we do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Can you be liable even after posting Swim at Your Own Risk signs? If you post swim at your own risk signs if there is no lifeguard on duty, can you be sued if someone is hurt or drowned?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I give my sister power of attorney to represent me in a divorce as I'm going out of country? Can I give my sister power of attorney to represent me in a divorce (agreeable one, no children, no property to divide) as I'm Going out of country and I am not American citizen?	Family Questions	Florida
Am I liable for injuries resulting from person using my property? Am I liable if a person uses my tree stand for hunting and they fall and injure themselves?	Intellectual Property Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I use domestic violence case to deport green card holder? I had a domestic violence case against somebody a couple month ago. I had police report. Can I continue with the case if i want get her deported because she is a green card holder?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
Can employee still work on green card if H1B expires first? Can the employer still work on the green card if the employee's H1B expires and they have to leave the country? The H1B holder is coming up at 6 years on H1B at the end of the year, and the I-140 is still 5-6 months away.	Immigration Questions	California
My apartment has been uninhabitable.  What are my rights? My apartment has been under construction from 11/22/11 until today (uninhabitable due to outside water damage). What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	California
Why would lawyer put in my will the clause "provided she survive me by 90 days"  pertaining to my wife? Why would my lawyer put in my will the clause "provided she survive me by 90 days"  pertaining to my wife?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can you break a lease if you purchase a home? Can you break a lease if you purchase a home?	Real Estate Questions	Mississippi
Can ex take me back to court if divorce papers signed, sealed, and delivered? I live in CA & I got divorced. The papers are signed sealed and delivered by a judge. I will be single April 15th.  Can my ex take me back to court now?	Family Questions	California
What are normal witness questions?  What questions do normally ask a witness?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
What happens if the damages in an auto accident exceeds my auto insurance amount? What happens if the damages in an auto accident exceeds my auto insurance amount?	Personal Injury Questions	Colorado
Is there a statute of limitations for filing a petition to become executor over an estate? Is there a statute of limitations for filing a petition to become executor over an estate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can new owner vacate lessors if two years remaining on lease? Our club is leasing property on a dairy farm. The farm is being sold, we have two years on our lease. The present owner informed us that the new owner does not want any lessors on the land. Owner gave us until the end of December to vacate. Is this legal?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Can my employer reduce my wages? Can my employer reduce my wages?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What to do if we leased a minigolf and owner took the sign away without permission? We lease the Parkville Minigolf. The owner took the sign away without permission and also is ripping us off $7000.	Criminal Questions	California
Can my case of disorderly conduct be thrown out due to negligence and not reading my Miranda rights? I received a disorderly conduct (240.20-3). I was wondering if I was supposed to have been read my Miranda rights? And if so can my case be thrown out due to their negligence?	Criminal Questions	New York
What is the best way to setup the different agreements with founders and advisers?  I am starting up a company. What is the best way to setup the different agreements with founders and advisers? Since we will be raising funds at a later stage, we will need to hire a lawyer but for now, I am trying to understand what options I have to put an agreement in place that is legally binding and cheap. Is an LOI or email sufficient?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	05
if you were evicted and your belongings were left there, can you sue him for lack of security? if you were evicted and your belongings were left there during the 15-day period that you have before the landlord has legal rights to your possessions, can you sue him for lack of security of your belongings?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Family with illegal alien husband applying for rental. I have a small residential property management company in CA. A family applied to rent from me, but the applicants said that the husband was a illegal alien. Am I allowed to consider that or does it fall under a protected class? I did not ask, the information was offered.	California Questions,Immigration Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Can I use parents' address on N-400 application? Can I use my parent's address on N-400 application, since I moved to another state temporarily as part of my student rotation?	Immigration Questions	Ohio
Do I give the money back when they broke contract after 2 weeks and they want a full refund? I received $500 to be a wedding coordinator for 8 weeks. They broke contract after 2 weeks. They want a full refund or a prorate. I have 52 hrs invested. Do I give the money back?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Thinking about a divorce? Thinking about a divorce?	Family Questions	Illinois
Once I adopt my niece who lives in the Philippines,  do I have to do anything special to bring her home? My niece lives in the Philippines. She is a citizen there. Her mother died and I am her legal guardian. I am in the process of adopting there so I can bring her home with me. Once she is my daughter,  do I have to do anything special to bring her home?	Immigration Questions	New Jersey
Are international savings accounts exempt from chapter 7 bankruptcy liquidation policies? Are international savings accounts exempt from chapter 7 bankruptcy liquidation policies?	Immigration Questions	New Mexico
Can a green card holder petition her overstaying son of 20 years old without being deported when priority date comes?  Can a green card holder petition her overstaying son of 20 years old without being deported when priority date comes? Can he just pay the penalty when that said date comes?	Immigration Questions	New Jersey
In California, is my IRA and 401k protected against a lawsuit or judgement? In California, is my IRA and 401k protected against a lawsuit or judgement?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How many hours the employee has to work for a salary? how many hours the employee has to work for a salary?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can a previous landlord place a levy on the contents of my present apartment? Can a previous landlord place a levy on the contents of my present apartment? He does not own the property I reside in now. Is this legal ?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Help getting a divorce? I need help getting a divorce.	Family Questions	California
What will happen to a green card holder sponsored by a spouse who is willing to divorce? What will happen to a green card holder sponsored by a spouse who is willing to divorce?	Immigration Questions	Virginia
Case for slander if Previous employer has been lying about drug use to clients?
 Previous employer has been lying about drug use to clients, in effect destroying my reputation.  Do I have a case for slander?	Employment Questions	Virginia
If under 18 no Breaks at work? If under 18 no Breaks at work?	Employment Questions	Georgia
How much will a person receive if they sue a company they work for because they hurt their knee on the job? How much will a person receive if they sue a company they work for because they hurt their knee on the job and may have to have surgery?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
What to do with motion to dismiss for lack of jurisdiction in child custody case? What to do with motion to dismiss for lack of jurisdiction in child custody case?	Family Questions	Florida
Conflict of interest if you cancel a lawyer for consultation and husband hires the lawyer? If you have an appt. to see lawyer for consultation but don't make it, and husband hires the lawyer, is it conflict of interest?	Family Questions	California
If you were at the scene of a robbery can you be arrested for it? If you were at the scene of a robbery can you be arrested for it?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What is the procedure if I'm a US citizen and I would like to bring my daughter to the US from Spain? I am a US citizen, and I would like to bring my daughter to the US from Spain. What is the procedure?Thank you,	Immigration Questions	Washington
Question regarding a child whose mother is facing armed robbery charges? There is a child in Florida whose mother is facing armed robbery charges.  The father (from Kentucky) is deceased.  The mother and father were not married.  The Grandmother on the father's side wants to pursue custody of the child.  The mother's sister is claiming that the mother signed the child over to her.  Does the Grandmother have a leg to stand on?  If so what actions should she take?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Question regarding Santa Monica rent control? I have a question regarding Santa Monica rent control.	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding FMLA and their regulations on serious health conditions to not work? I called out of work sick 2 days ago. Now I'm being suspended for an in-excused absence. I want to know the FMLA says any serious health condition that makes me unable to work. Does being sick count?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Will there be a 3 1/2% tax on homes sold once Obama Care is the law?
 Will there be a 3 1/2% tax on homes sold once Obama Care is the law?	Real Estate Questions	California
I am contracted by Sweetwater Unified to photograph completed school projects.  Images are used on websites, press releases, RFP, etc.  I submit assignments, download images, invoice payable upon receipt. I have consistently been paid 90 days + while using photos. Are copyrights being violated? None	Copyright Questions	California
Legal for my landlord wants to raise rent mid-lease? My landlord wants to raise rent mid-lease. Is that legal?	Real Estate Questions	California
Will my mother lose everything she worked for if her late husband never re-wrote his will leaving everything to his former family? My mother just lost her husband and looks as if he never re-wrote his will and his will left everything to his son and his former wife. My mother and him had been married for 17 years and they did buy the former wife and son out when they refinanced their home and have bought a house together. Will she lose everything she has worked for?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is the social worker in breach of fourth amendment? My 14yr old daughter missed several days of school because her bus stop is almost a half mile down the road. To make a long story short, a c.p.s. worker went to her school pulled her from class to question her and during an investigation the social worker came into my home when I wasn't home. Also, without any supervision she came in and questioned my daughter and spoke of things I find inappropriate, was she in breach of the 4th amendment?	Family Questions	New York
Do I need permission from the real song's singer to have such a thing published even if it is a spoof? I wrote a fictional, humorous story in which two characters write a spoof song inspired by a real song. The fake song has a different title from the real life song as well as completely original lyrics. Do I need permission from the real song's singer to have such a thing published? Also, I did mention clearly in the story that the characters are spoofing the real song.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Can my landlord refuse to have me at the open house of the selling of my rental house? My landlord decided to sell my rental house.  He has told me he is having an open house on Saturday and I cannot be there. I have thousands of dollars in tools on the property and don't feel comfortable leaving.  Can he do that?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can you sue your place of employment for mental distress? Can you sue your place of employment for mental distress?	Employment Questions	Illinois
what does the statement "possession is nine tenths law" mean?	Administrative Law Questions	Washington
If I terminate my parental rights do I still have to pay child support? If I terminate my parental rights do I still have to pay child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Will filing for bankruptcy cancel or void any contracts?  Will filing for bankruptcy cancel or void any contracts? For example, a contract between myself (owner) and a property management company?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Do I have right to decisions if stepsister is late mother's POA and executor? My mother died yesterday & my stepsister says she is her power of attorney and executor. Do I have any right about any decisions that are being made?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
True in Philadelphia that a child's father is not entitled to pay child support if he's not working? Hi. I just wanted to know how true is it in Philadelphia a child's father is not entitled to pay child support if he's not working?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I dug a basement and poured a footer for a house he don't want to pay? I'm a contractor. I dug a basement and poured a footer for a house he don't want to pay.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Kentucky
Is a three day notice of eviction legal and does it need to be notarized? Is a three day notice of eviction legal and does it need to be notarized?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it better to rush paperwork dissolving CA corp? Looking to dissolve a California Corp. that hasn't been 'active' for several years. Is there any advantage in paying the rush fee to process the paperwork so that it technically falls within the year?Trying to figure out if it's worth paying the rush fee.	Corporate Questions	California
Do I need to protect myself in any way when I'm privy to customer's personal information as an independent contractor? I work for a company as an independent contractor.  We train sales people in improving their customer sales calls.  I am privy to all the customer's personal information including social security numbers, employment etc.  Do I need to protect myself in any way?	Intellectual Property Questions,Trade Secret Questions	Arkansas
Should my father put the deed to his home which he has willed to us equally in order for the state to take possession of it to pay for nursing home cost? Should he need one?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
/questions/b220266259/what-are-my-options-to-continue-working-legally-fo/

Would it be a problem when I send the forms to USCIS if I still have my single name in all my documents ? I'm filling for greencard, I'm married to an US citizen, and I changed my last name to my husbands on our marriage certificate. But I still have my single name in all my documents. Would this be a problem when I send the forms to USCIS ?	Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
What documentation is needed for the 10 year green card? What documentation is needed for the 10 year green card?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Can my 16-year-old decide what days he can visit & can he be emancipated from me?  Can my 16-year-old decide what days he can visit? He doesn't want to go by my rules and mother tells him he doesn't have to. Can he be emancipated from me?	Family Questions	California
How do I transfer my father's car title (listed on the estate) to my name? After my father's estate is settled and that is all even steven, how do I transfer his car title (listed on the estate) to my name? I am his son and co-heir with my brother. Good relationships between us, just trying to get it all taken care of.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
Can you get a passport with paternity test result paperwork?	Immigration Questions	New Hampshire
Can I incur late fees after 5 days if the tenant is up to 2 weeks late? Hi, I own property in Florida, The tenant is late every month, her lease expired, and no longer has a lease, can I incur late fees after five days? Her rent is late up to 2 weeks and when I write her, there's no answer. Do I have to talk with someone in Florida ?  Thanks Pat.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Do probation officers have the right to pull up clients phone records?  Do probation officers have the right to pull up clients phone records?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Can a landlord evict you if you lost your job? Can a land lord evict you if you lost your job? I never been late with the rent and can still pay my rent for up the the lease ends.	Real Estate Questions	California
Question about identity theft and hindering my job? I have an identity theft situation for worthless checks on my background. It wasn't anything that I did and I'm being penalized for it. It's hindering me from finding work because it keeps coming up on my background check. I recently accepted a position at citi mortgage & they called me today to place me on hold for job. Is there anything I can do to salvage my position? I'm to start on Monday, June 25th. It has been really hard for me. I'm out of work & have been for quite sometime now & I really need help. I feel like I'm being penalized for something I DIDN'T DO!!!!!	Criminal Questions	Florida
What are my rights if I'm living in a house that is rapidly becoming unsafe with mold and a very bad roof and my landlord won't fix it? I'm living in a house that is rapidly becoming unsafe with mold and a very bad roof and my landlord won't fix it. What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What is copyright law? How do I get something copyrighted? Must it be done, or just declared?	Copyright Questions	Indiana
If a restraining is un-violated isn't it a civil matter? If a restraining is un-violated isn't it a civil matter and if so how can if affect your ability to purchase a gun? It seems to me if no law was broken then it should not affect anything	Criminal Questions	Washington
In the state of Pennsylvania, is my landlord responsible for the cost of extermination of Roaches in my apartment that I just moved into? In the state of Pennsylvania, is my landlord responsible for the cost of extermination of Roaches in my apartment that I just moved into?	Real Estate Questions	Rhode Island
Does NY require wearing of seat belts in a parking lot? Does NY require wearing of seat belts in a parking lot?	Criminal Questions	New Jersey
After you ask for a warrant, does an officer have the right to proceed to interrogate or search your car? After you ask for a warrant or lawyer, does an officer have the right to proceed to interrogate or search your car?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can I sue the customer for lost wages for the month that was owed per agreement? I'm self employed as I do cleaning for a living. This lady I worked for gave me no notice and led me to believe  I was working for the month and that's how she paid me. Never contacted me, just text me and told me that this was not working for her. Can I sue her for lost wages for the month that was owed per agreement? Thanks.	Employment Questions	New Jersey
How can I get out of the lease? If I signed a year lease and lost my job and can't afford the rent, how can I get out of the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Question regarding my late mother leaving a notarized will? My mother died and left a notarized will. I have a lawyer who had it Probated. She stated that half the proceeds of her house was to go to her 4 surviving children and the other was to go to our cousin. He owned half. All my siblings past in the process 1  before my mom and 2 after. Do the 2 latter siblings children inherit their share?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Does the first marriage in Jamaica cancel his marriage in America? I know someone who was married in Jamaica and never got divorced when he came to America.  Then he met his current wife and married her.  Does that marriage in Jamaica cancel his marriage in America?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Is it possible to switch the company's name? I have an S-Corp that was formed 4 years ago in NY. Is it possible to switch the company's name?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
Filing small claims suit representing someone without showing power of attorney. Can someone file a small claims court suit representing someone else and actually show up in court and represent them without showing in court that they have a power of attorney or another document allowing them to do so?	Litigation Law Questions	Indiana
What are my rights if a credit card garnished my pay without my knowing? A credit card garnished my pay without my knowing. What are my rights?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Legal if employer allowed to pay me last check and then reverse it? My employer deducted $324  from my check for the past 3 weeks for insurance so I left to find new employment. I have direct deposit and they paid me my last check and then went into my account and reversed it. Are they allowed to do this? Please call me at 586-980-9328	Employment Questions	Texas
Must an employer require to give employees a break & lunch period? Must an employer require to give employees a break and lunch period?	Employment Questions	California
I signed a promissory note as the lender on 3/24/2008 and still have not been paid back by the borrower for $12,000. We signed in PA and I lived in DE at the time, and now live in NC. What legal action can I take and what state do I sue in? There is no county or state listed on the promissory note None	Finance Questions	North Carolina
Can we be thrown on the street if we can't find a place to move by the end of the lease? Can we be thrown on the street if we can't find a place to move by the end of the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
With 3 separate leases, what does the law say about the abandoned person's share of bills? Three of us renting a house. Each of us has a separate lease which states the price of our rent and 1/3 of utilities, electric and water/trash. One tenant moved out of house while we were at work and has never returned to collect his belongings or anything. We do not know where he is. Landlord is telling the other 2 of us that we now have to pay his portion of the utilities. I, for one can not afford to pay any more than I already pay as I live on a very small disability check. To me it seems that the landlord would have to absorb the loss, not the other tenants. Landlord has not found anyone else to move in. Because there are 3 separate leases here, what does the law say about the abandoned person's share of bills?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it most beneficial if the investment company is willing to pay for the first mortgage? There is an Investment Company who would like to purchase the note for my house. I have been in Bankruptcy for a couple years and the LOAN and line of credit were part of the claim. The house is not foreclosed as of today's date. The investment Company is willing to pay for the first mortgage. Their letter does not indicate the line of credit. Would this procedure be beneficial to me?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Still qualify for the deferred action dreamers since I came here to the United States in 2007? I would like to know if I still qualify for the deferred action dreamers since I came here to the United States on November 2007?	Immigration Questions	California
Can someone be evicted if they are currently renting  a room without a lease  agreement being signed?   Can someone be evicted out of a house  if they are currently renting  a room without a lease  agreement being signed?  after being  there for one year	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can my boss legally make me work 9 hours with no lunch or break and being docked 1 hour for lunch? I am a receptionist at a company that requires me to work on a Saturday. There is no one else to cover for me while I go to lunch. I must work 9 hours. The boss tells me that I will get no lunch or break because of the no coverage, but I am being docked 1 hour for lunch. Can she legally do this?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Since I have not received anything in writing is my landlord's verbal 3-day notice valid? On July 3, 2012 my landlord called me and said that I had three days to pay or quit. I lost my job in May and I did not pay my June rent. It is now July and I still have no job. I also am still waiting on unemployment. Since I have not received anything in writing is his verbal three day notice valid?Gregori	Real Estate Questions	California
How far back does child support go?  How far back does child support go? what I'm asking is how does it work? Do you only get from the time you file or do you get from day one when the child is born?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I be successful if I go to the labor board to get back pay from a company? Can I be successful if I go to the labor board to get back pay from a company that made me work through my lunch and break times? They also deducted money from my paycheck for use of the products needed for my job without my consent, neither verbal nor written. After years of this happening, I finally quit and want to go after all the money that was taken away from me and and the the extraordinary times that I was forced to work through my breaks and lunches. I was a hair stylist and my salary was based on commission where I only rec'd a percentage and the owner got the balance that was supposed to cover "all" of the overhead, including hair products. Thank you for your help.	Employment Questions	California
Do you have to present ID when requested in the state of Pennsylvania? Do you have to present ID when requested in the state of Pennsylvania?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How to create DBA for business entity in MI? I'm incorporated in Delaware and need to create a DBA for a business entity I'll be operating in the State of Michigan.  What is needed to set this up?	Corporate Questions	Michigan
X-teresa long's Confidential Question if im fighting a case .and during jury trial aint it my sivial right for me to have all my wittnesses  testifie	Criminal Questions	California
How can I change my age? I want to know how I can change my age? I was born 1990 and when my family and I moved to the us they change my year of birth to 1992. I am in the process of getting my citizenship and I'm scared with I tell them that I could get deported. What should I do?	Immigration Questions	New Jersey
How can you not have to pay child support if you are the father? How can you not have to pay child support if you are the father?	Family Questions	Florida
Question regarding My cousin's father leaving him under the care of his grandparents? My cousin's father left him under the care of his grandparents for 12 years out of 14, His father randomly came back and forced him to leave. Can he do this?	Family Questions	California
Best protect my intellectual property and ownership rights when partnering with a manufacturing firm? How can I best protect my intellectual property and ownership rights when partnering with a Chinese manufacturing firm?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Carolina
Do I have to allow my son to visit his dad out of the  country? My son's father left the country for Italy to fix his investor visa but has been denied a new visa. He is re- applying and doesn't know how long he'll be out of the country.  He is moving to the Bahamas until he's able to return back. My questions is, do I legally have to allow my son to travel to see him?  What if he decides to kidnap my son? What legal rights do I have? I live in Florida, and my son is eight years old.	Family Questions	Florida
Can a power of attorney be revoked? can a power of attorney be revoked?	Family Questions	Louisiana
How long can a US Citizen live outside of the US without losing Us citizenship status? How long can a US Citizen live outside of the US without losing Us citizenship status?	Immigration Questions	Missouri
If I live in Alabama and my mother is 85, can i be forced to care for her? If I live in Alabama and my mother is 85, can i be forced to care for her?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can the landlord refuse to pay my boyfriend the work he's done even with checks and documentation as proof? My boyfriend has been working for our apartment complex. He has not been paid since November and had worked it out with the owner that they would take it off the rent. She is now stating that she did not authorize him to work there and that she doesn't owe him anything. He has checks that have been written and documentation of his hours. Can she do that?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Law to pay overtime rate of time and a half who works over 40? Is it a law to pay overtime rate of time and a half to a full time worker who works over 40 hours?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What are the grounds for divorce? What are the grounds for divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What is my liability from damages my dog causes to neighbors' properties or to their pets?
 What is my liability from damages my dog causes to neighbors' properties or to their pets?I have homeowner's insurance and an umbrella policy. My dog wouldn't be classified as dangerous -- i.e. just a 20 lb mutt, not a pit bull or German Shepherd.	Personal Injury Questions	California
What do I do if my work is not paying me for drive time? The company I work for is not paying me for drive time. I'm working 12hr days and only getting paid for 8. I know that's against the law. What do I do?	Employment Questions	New York
Is my eviction legal? I am an subtenant without a leash to a long term commercial tenant, in Brooklyn, NY. Long term tenant has been without a lease of his own for about 6 years. As of March 1, 2012 I will unfortunately be 3 months behind in rent. Yesterday, 2/24, I was locked out of the premises. I am left without access to my belongings and the tools of my trade stopping me from my means of living. Is this action legal?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
What to do if my job is not paying me for my hours? What to do if my job is not paying me for my hours?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
If I used another roofing company can they sue me for breach of contract? I sign a contingent insurance approval contract with a roof company 4\27/12, insurance paid on 4/9/2012. If I used another roofing company can they sue me for breach of contract? I sent their information into my mortgage company to release the check.	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Can an employee be sent home when suspected of using alcohol on or before the job without question? Can an employee be sent home when suspected of using alcohol on or before the job without question?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What are my legal options if I'm renting a house and it looks like the tenant won't pay? I'm in California.  I rent a house from my landlord.  I rent out a room to UC Berkeley students.  We have a month to month agreement.  A student living here now might try to skip out before April 1st. I see indicators and today is March 21st. He will owe me 500.00 on the that day. What are my legal options should he do this?	Real Estate Questions	California
What are the laws regarding a published picture being used without the consent of the people in the photo? What are the laws regarding a published picture being used without the consent of the people in the photo?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Colorado
If you own your home but rent your lot can landlord charge you for guests who stay more than 4 nights? If you own your home but rent your lot can your landlord charge you for guests who stay more than 4 nights a month?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
If you're 17 and living on your own can you go into legal contracts?  If you're 17 and living on your own can you go into legal contracts?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Missouri
If I've been put on administrative leave from work and have not been told why, could I draw unemployment? I've been put on administrative leave from work and have not been told why.  They said so I could draw unemployment, is that possible?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Best to start a for-profit corporation if I'm going to operate a yearly festival? I'd like to start a company that is going to operate a yearly festival in which most of the proceeds will go to an area charity.  Would it be best to start a not for profit corporation or a for profit corporation?  I am not real sure on how festival organizers are usually structured.  We are attempting to join the community for a common good, while providing a service (entertainment and food) at the same time.  Thanks so much!	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Colorado
Can my landlord make me pay rent if he makes me leave? Can my landlord make me pay rent if he makes me leave? I signed a year lease.	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding my mom accused of stealing money from her job when she didn't? My mom was accused of stealing money from her job and she didn't. There no money shorting any and the video they made her look at don't show anything.	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
If i submitted an invention to a company to make a prototype without a patent, should I worry about the company taking idea?	Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions	California
Legal to have 3 different representations? i have 3 lawyers; one for social security; one for  compensation and pension; and one for combat related specialty compensation; is this legal to have 3 different representations?	Employment Questions	Mississippi
Legal for detectives to question a minor in school and take a recorded statement with a parent being present? in the state of Florida is it legal for detectives to question a minor in school and take a written statement along with a recorded statement with a parent being present?	Criminal Questions	Florida
If I'm emancipated, does that mean I can legally be with an 18 year old? If I'm emancipated does that mean I can legally be with an 18 year old?	Real Estate Questions	California
if there is no contact of any kind in 3 years can a car company come after you on a repoed car? In state of MS if there is no contact of any kind in 3 years can a car company come after you on a repoed car?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Mississippi
Thinking about taking over an existing business? I am thinking about taking over an existing business: -will be forming a new corporation, an LLC with a fictitious nameThe owner will give me 100% of the shares in the existing LLC and the equipment. (transferring the shares to the corporation that I will establish)I have not been given a valuation of the shares and want to know if there are any tax consequences for when I accept the shares.  I will take over an existing loan with the bank, which is collateralized with the equipment of the shop and personally guaranteed by the existing owner.Are the services of an attorney recommended for this transaction.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Time an employer has to pay my last check if I have weeks notice? If I've given a weeks notice that I'm leaving employment, how much time does my employer have to pay my last check?	Employment Questions	California
Can I put a gate on the road at a location which is my neighbor's property? My driveway goes across a neighbor's property and I wanted to put a gate on the road which is on their property. I have an easement for ingress and egress and utilities on the road that goes across their property.  Can I put a gate on the road at a location which is their property? It's far past their house and they won't even see the gate but they refuse to give me permission.	Real Estate Questions	California
What's the law regarding changing your child's teacher? What's the law regarding changing your child's teacher? Having many issues w a teacher and contacted all appropriate peoples to get it done and got no where. Was told no room to change. My sister said she had same issue and principal switched the child's class the next day.	Family Questions	Oklahoma
As a student I want to know if i could ask you some questions about being a lawyer? As a student I want to know if i could ask you some questions about being a lawyer?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can a mother of a child file support on the father if both are currently residing in the same household? In the state of California can a mother of a child file a child support order on the father of a child if the two parents are currently residing in the same household?	Family Questions	California
Does legal status have any weight on child custody if they are thought to be a flight risk? does legal status have any weight on child custody if they are thought to be a flight risk?	Family Questions	California
What are the laws on how an employee should be treated in Illinois? What are the laws on how an employee should be treated in Illinois?	Employment Questions	Illinois
In which state do I file for temporary custody? My ex has custody of our 16-year old daughter and lives in AR. Custody papers were filed in AR and I had them registered in TN, where I live. Now my ex gave me our daughter but refuses to sign over any custody to me. Can I file in TN court to get temporary custody? Or do I have to file in AR?	Family Questions	Tennessee
Is it illegal for adult to have underage girlfriend? I am 16 (October 31, 1995) and my boyfriend is 18 (November 19, 1993). We both live in Louisiana. Is it illegal for us to be together?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions	Louisiana
Law that protects individuals who were promoted into a manager position? Is there a labor law that protects individuals who were promoted into a manager position without a degree and now are being told the position will be taken away? My husband has held a manager position for the last 8 yrs and now is being told because he does not have a degree he will be demoted and his pay will also be affected.	Employment Questions	Illinois
cecile k's Confidential Question what is the fastest way to copyright my song?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Can I still get part of my security deposit back or not? I want to quit my apartment recently, and I did not give my landlord one month advanced notice. I rent my room month by month. My landlord said that he could not return my security deposit. Can I still can get part of my security deposit back or not?	Leasing Questions	California
Can a service business get out of a contract? I signed a contract for contracting work and a waiver of my three day period.  Can I still change my mind?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Will written agreement help get court order? We have no court orders yet and if dad makes a written agreement on visitation will the police officer uphold that agreement?	Criminal Questions	California
What can I do if the property management tells me that it's my responsibility for the water heater? I own a beauty salon and am a commercial tenant. I have had a water heater issue for years where the water heater furnace goes out and the water in my business runs cold. I have called the property management company to turn on and maintenance in the past and they have done so. I called them today and they told me they "think" it's my responsibility. No where in my lease does it state that it is or is not my responsibility, what can I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Do I still have to pay my rent since I paid the 1st, last and the deposit? I was given a 60-day notice cause my landlord is selling the house. Do I still have to pay my rent since I paid the 1st, last and the deposit?	Real Estate Questions	California
If you are separated and start seeing someone else, will this harm you in a divorce agreement? If you are separated and start seeing someone else, will this harm you in a divorce agreement?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I sue the doctor that took my dad off his meds and resulted in death? Can I sue the doctor that took my dad off his meds and resulted in death?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Is there a statute of limitations on right to offset that the bank withdrew money from my account because of my husband's debt? A very large withdraw came out of my bank account today. Apparently from a debt that my husband (a joint user on the account) owed with the same bank from 10 years ago. Is there a statute of limitations on right to offset?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
What does this verbiage mean under CA law: "Order setting aside judgment of conviction dismissing the indictment and the defendent is hereby released from penalties and disablilities resulting from the judgement of conviction of this just cause"?	Criminal Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
legal rights about doctors appointments at work Can a employer tell me when I can and can't make a doctor's appointment? If they only have certain times available since my rover does not like to have to work and complains every time she has to cover for anyone?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can I turn around and sue someone who took me to court for something that i had no control over? Can I turn around and sue someone who took me to court for something that i had no control over?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Why does my wife's attorney want me to dissolve our daughter's living trust? My wife of 39 years is divorcing me.  We have two homes.  Both are in a trust for our daughter.  The first item on my wife's attorney's agenda is to have the living trust dissolved.  And they want me to sign for this.  Why is this?	Family Questions	California
What to do if I have a pension before my 7 year marriage and now my ex wants to fight for half of it? What to do if I have a pension before my 7 year marriage and now my ex wife wants to fight for half of my pension?	Family Questions	California
Will Mississippi allow a person's wages to be garnished due to a judgment?	Litigation Law Questions	Mississippi
is there anything I can do to keep him from getting evicted? Last month my oldest son rented a condo in Keystone CO.  He paid the first months rent $1090.00 and half the deposit $445.00.  One week later we suffered a huge blow as my youngest son was killed on the 4th of July. This took huge emotional toll us it also was a blow to us monetarily.  When we returned to Colorado  after the funeral there was a notice on the Kitchen counter demanding the December rent and the rest of the deposit. Also, it was demanded we pay the next months rent on July 27th.  On July 30th I received a 'Demand for Compliance or Possession Form', stating my son has 3 days to pay the full amount or get out.  I will have another $1200.00 by August 16th. Is there anything I can do to keep him from getting evicted?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
We are a church. Our preschool children want to sing a song for their parents that was found on Youtube and the teachers wanted the children to recite a couple of poems. Our song director says we have to pay copyright to do this. Is this true? What kind of copyright can we purchase that covers this?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Oklahoma
If I leave my home how does that affect me if I decide to file for divorce? If I leave my home how does that affect me if I decide to file for divorce?	Family Questions	California
How does a pending residency petition affect a student/tourist visa? I am a recent international college graduate currently on an OPT (Optional Practical Training). My sibling, who is a US citizen and is also in the military, filed a petition for me to become a US resident about a month ago. I will be returning to my home country, Honduras, at the beginning of next month. However, I have read that having a pending petition will not allow me to acquire a student or tourist visa in the future. Is this true? Would you recommend withdrawing the petition (form I-130)? Will this have any negative consequences? For instance, getting blacklisted or banned from acquiring a student/tourist visa in the future? Thank you very much for your help! It is greatly appreciated!	Immigration Questions	Georgia
Concerns about starting a senior relocation business in Indiana? I am interested in starting a senior relocation business here in Indiana. What are some concerns I would need to worry about?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Indiana
How to protect myself if I have an attorney who is not submitting my paperwork in a timely manner? i have an attorney who is not submitting my paperwork for my case in a timely manner. what legal action can i take to protect myself?	Personal Injury Questions	Massachusetts
Possible for me to file an attachment to the response I have already filed to my unlawful detainer? I have been served an unlawful detainer and I have already filed my response. Is it possible for me to file an attachment to the response I have already filed to my unlawful detainer?	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if a company lied to me about how much health insurance costs? I work for a company that lied to me about how much health Insurance costs so they didn't have to deal with it This is blackmail and I'm not getting paid for the work I do.	Employment Questions	Indiana
I'm a franchisee of Cottage Inn Gourmet Pizza. I want to be independent. Can I change the name to The Cottage Inn Pizza and not be infringing on there copyrights?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	Ohio
How is child support calculated besides income, overnights, and health insurance?  How is child support calculated besides income, overnights, and health insurance? What is the best way to address under working to keep income low, choosing to go to school, and someone having a masters degree but saying their income is low?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
A company wants to charge us for 1 picture that a contractor we hired to do our website used We have no idea about anything, until the company wanted almost $900, for the use of the picture. The person who made the website is gone (he never worked in house). Are we liable?	Contract Questions,Copyright Questions	California
How can the court order him to pay child support if the father's business is under the table? My kids dad has his own business, but his business is under the table. How can the court order him to pay child support?	Family Questions	California
What is the best way to get work visas for people coming over on a 2-year project that starts in 1 month?   What is the best way to get work visas for people coming over on a 2-year project that starts in 1 month?  2 people will shuttle back and forth from Norway.  2 people need to stay 2 years.	Employment Questions	12
Can a bank reposes my house if it is in my wife's and my name, but the mortgage is only in my name? Can a bank reposes my house if it is in my wife's and my name, but the mortgage is only in my name?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What can I do to get my money if my boss doesn't have it for our commission? I worked doing taxes where I was to receive 3% commission on each return. Now our boss the owner says he doesn't have our money. The tax company is Liberty Tax company. I need  to know what I can do to get my money?	Tax Questions	Illinois
Grounds for a Common Law marriage? I was wondering if a marriage is legal, if the information on the certificate is incorrect and the husband wasn't the one who signed his own name, would that be grounds for a Common Law marriage?	Family Questions	Michigan
If I get a speeding ticket in the state of WA, will other states know about it? If I get a speeding ticket in the state of WA, will other states know about it?	Criminal Questions	Washington
What can I do to get the child support that I've been missing? My dad is on SSI and disability and he hasn't paid child support in years because he has been out of a job. What can I do to get the child support that I've been missing?	Family Questions	Florida
What is a quiet title to property? Exactly what is a quiet title (to property)?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
How can my friend leave her home and not have abandonment and used it for settling a divorce later?  How can my friend leave her home and not have abandonment and used it for settling a divorce later? Her husband is threatening her and I am afraid he will hurt her.	Family Questions	Florida
What to expect during court date for shoplifting? If arrested for shoplifting, what can i expect when I go to court?	Criminal Questions,Legal Questions	Nebraska
Is there a law that exists that limits congressional power of passing a law as an already enumerated law? Is there a law that exists that limits congressional power of passing a law on the same subject as an already enumerated law?  With regards to tax penalties enumerate in 31CFR section 10 and then re-enumerated in IRC 6694 (with higher penalties to the tax preparer in the IRC)	Tax Questions	Michigan
If I'm late paying rent can the manager keep me from leaving? If I'm late paying rent can the manager keep me from leaving?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can an employer enforce a non-compete agreement against an employee if this employer has declared bankruptcy and laid off all employees? Can an employer enforce a non-compete agreement against an employee if this employer has declared bankruptcy and laid off all employees?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How can I move my wife and my daughter who are American citizens back to the UK permanently? Hello, I am an English citizen and a permanent resident of the USA. How can I move my wife and my daughter who are American citizens back to the UK permanently?	Immigration Questions	California
Will a judge make my friend pay me back if we didn't have a written agreement? Hello,I have a friend that I loaned $4000.00 to 3 years ago.He is now refusing to pay me back since he is unemployed and a stay at home dad.Will a judge make him pay me back if we didn't have a written agreement with a deadline date in place?Thank You.	Consumer Questions	Florida
Question regarding a startup registered in Singapore? We are a startup registered in Singapore, which develops free & open source software, and provide commercial support on them. When our consultants visit our customers around the world, and offer such development and production support, what are the most critical insurance coverages we should have? Typical MSA's contain clauses for general liability, errors and omissions and workman's compensation - but we'd like to know about others such as indemnification etc.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How do I legalize an agreed custody arrangements for a child and drop op? I have an OP case against my son's father that expires Sept. 2012. We have recently come to agreement on custody arrangements. How do I make these arrangements legal, and drop the OP case?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can Advance Check Cashing still take me to court after 6 years on a bad check? I have been contacted about a bad check written 6 years ago to Advance Check Cashing. They have legal firm in DC that says they will take it to court if I don't pay them.  They say I owe $847 on a $475 check. If I pay them $275 tomorrow they say they will accept that.  Can they still take me to court on this after 6 years? I have only been contacted by phone, nothing thru the mail.  Thank You	Consumer Questions	Florida
Can I use quotations in my book without obtaining written permission from the original author or the authors' estate? None	Copyright Questions	California
My ex is letting me take my 3 girls out of state but I don't want him to try to say I took them without him knowing. What should I do? My ex is letting me take my 3 girls out of state but I don't want him to try to say I took them without him knowing. What should I do?	Family Questions	California
Does filing bankruptcy stop a garnishment? Does filing bankruptcy stop a garnishment?	Family Questions	Missouri
Will my 22-year-old family member attending college on a school visa apply for residency here? With the new immigration law  will my 22 years old family member attending college on a school visa apply for residency here in the US?	Immigration Questions	Florida
I fell in the laundry room of my building and injured my ankle and knee about 9 weeks ago. I have had to go to the doctor's every Friday since then, paying $25.00 each visit. I have lost days at work (also, I am part time). If I do not work, I do not get paid. Is it too late to sue them?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
How to protect company's 'secret processes' without patent? My company will have business processes I want to protect. I don't believe they are patentable (and am not in a position financially to patent them anyway). Besides having employees agree not to reveal these processes to others in their emplyment agreement, what other steps can be taken to protect these secret (business) processes?Thank you!	Intellectual Property Questions,Trade Secret Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
What are my rights as a residential parent with the father's income double mine? My daughter is now living with her father more than with me. It is 19 days at her dads, 11 days with me. Father wants support terminated, judge agreed at hearing. I disagreed. I am still residential parent and his income in double mine. What are my rights?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Unlawful withholding of my tax info if my old job as a contract equity trader hasn't delivered my K-1? My old job as a contract equity (stock) trader hasn't delivered my K-1 for tax season 2011. Is this unlawful withholding of my tax information? I know I'm entitled to some credit with these documents as well.	Tax Questions	New York
If you rent a bedroom from an individual's home without any lease, do the tenant's rights fall under the same rights as a month to month tenant's right, as far as eviction is concerned? roycrouch69@gmail.com	Leasing Questions	Kentucky
Can I call police if coworker bullies me? Can I call police if coworker bullies me?	Employment Questions	Florida
Do I have any right of privacy when tourists come and take pictures of me? I'm a classic Jew living in Brooklyn NY, and lately we have this problem with tourist buses coming in and taking pictures of us. It's really uncomfortable to have people coming in your face and take your picture. Do I have any rights of privacy?	Criminal Questions	New York
How do you prove motive to fabricate? How do you prove motive to fabricate?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Since there is no Common Law, am I considered a domestic partner if I lived with her for ten years? Since there is no Common Law marriage in California, am I considered a domestic partner to my partner of living with for ten years even though I [we] have never filled out any domestic partner paperwork?	Family Questions	California
What can I do if my work company is being taken over & I have to relocate to another store because my mother is a manager? The company I work for is being taken over. I have to relocate to another store because my mother is a manager.I'm going to be jobless what can I do?	Employment Questions	Florida
How do I start the process to get joint custody of my son?
 How do I start the process to get joint custody of my son?	Family Questions	Michigan
Understanding where my mother and myself stand on matters of my father My father is in jail and my mother just got out.  My aunt has his truck at her house. I have the original tittle, the keys (tool box key as well, he gave me all) and letters in his writing giving POA.  I even have blank letters with HIS OWN signature. Does this give me the upper hand to get the truck and sale it if I wish to?	Family Questions,Finance Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Can my boss fire me if I got a suspension for being absent when I had a doctor's note? Can my boss legally fire me if I was supposed to get ( and never received) a suspension for being absent ( with a drs note) and a few tardier?	Employment Questions	New York
What is the maximum amount that is allowed for the late fee? I have tenants that continue to pay their late rent, month after month. What is the maximum amount that is allowed for the late fee? Also how many times can a tenant be late on rent until they can finally be evicted?	Real Estate Questions	District of Columbia
If I gave up my parental rights 6 years ago, can they make me pay child support now? I gave up my parental rights to my child 6 years ago and the other parent agreed. 6 years later, I was asked to go to court to pay child support. Is it even possible?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Do I still need to get a divorce if I never turned in the paper work? I want a divorce. I was married on 9/11/92 and I never turned in the paper work. Do I still need to get a divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How do I respond to a Motion for Mediation in Florida?  How do I respond to a Motion for Mediation in Florida? Can I file a Response to the Motion and state why I do not agree with the request in the motion? Thanks.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How can I get squatters out of my property? How can I get squatters out of my property?	Real Estate Questions	California
What taxes should we file and pay if we are incorporated in NY and we do not do any business there? We did not have any income in NY since 2004 and we mistakenly did not file NY any taxes since 2004 as well. What is the best way to bring our taxes up to date and what taxes should we pay considering that we do not operate any business in NY.All of our business and our primary location in in CA now.	Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	California
Is a verbal contract binding with witnesses in Illinois? Is a verbal contract binding with witnesses in Illinois?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Am I responsible for the costs of my month-to-month tenants' bill of room installation? I am a landlord in Upstate NY and now selling the property. My month-to-month tenants installed a room in the basement of the house and are now billing me for $1600 for the room installation. Am I responsible for these costs? If they did not get a permit am I responsible for any fines?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Question regarding someone I know stole my social security card and birth certificate from my home? Someone I know stole my social security card and birth certificate from my home. They were both in an envelope together. Once I noticed they were missing I told this person to return my things or I was pressing charges. He swore up and down he didn't have either item. Then he text me and apologized saying he had my information. He sent it to me in the mail and it was only my social security card. I know for a fact this person does identity theft. What can I do?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
If my divorce papers are torn in half, can they still be valid in court? If my divorce papers are torn in half, can they still be valid in court?	Family Questions	Illinois
How to protect myself from lawsuits and medical bills if someone is adding my name on everything he owns? A " friend" is putting my name on everything he owns so that I will inherit them.  How do I protect myself from lawsuits, medical bills, etc?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I get my ex-wife to refinance her house to get my name off the loan? How do I get my ex-wife to refinance her house to get my name off the loan?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What is the return policy in NY for a couch? What is the return policy, if any, in NY state for a couch?	Consumer Questions	New York
Am I still able to receive my money if the defendant filed for bankruptcy? I won a small claims judgement. I filed paperwork with the court and the defendant's place of employment for garnishment of his wages. Right afterwards, he filed bankruptcy. Am I still able to receive my money?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Can I apply for a green card if my husband which was an American citizen died before I could file for the immigration? Can I apply for a green card if my husband which was an American citizen died before I could file for the immigration?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
Legal for a public school to charge the community to park in their lot to attend a game to raise money? Is it legal for a public school, which is paid for by the public in taxes, to charge the community $5.00 to park in their school parking lot to attend a football game in order to raise money for the pep squad?	Tax Questions	California
Does trademark protection for a design mark extend to similar names? How broad is trademark protection for design marks?  I have a new company that makes mobile educational games that teach kids to read.   I am considering naming it "Readerbot" or "Readerbot Labs" (not the real name, but using here for demonstration).  Another company has a logo registered design mark (3 - "DESIGN PLUS WORDS, LETTERS, AND/OR NUMBERS") that includes the name "Readerbotz" (no standard character mark).   They don't sell mobile educational games, but their registered product/services categories do include printed educational reading program products and providing a web site featuring information in the field of reading education.If my logo doesn't look similar to theirs, is there still a potential trademark problem?	Trademark Questions	California
Is it legal for an employer to take your personal computer and copy your hard drive? Is it legal for an employer to take your personal computer and copy your hard drive?	Criminal Questions	Texas
When I pass away and my beneficiary receives the pay out can any of my creditors claim any of those funds? When I pass away and my beneficiary receives the pay out can any of my creditors claim any of those funds?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What can I do to make sure my son gets his breaks at work? My son has been working at a Hotel/Resort for a few months.  He averages 7 hrs per shift.  He is being denied a lunch or even a break.  What can we do to make sure he gets a break?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
If you spent less than $100 on someone's credit card is that fraud? If you spent less than 100 dollars on someone's credit card is that fraud?	Criminal Questions	California
Would I be able to collect unemployment if my husband got a job another state?  If I have to leave my job because my husband got a job in another state would I be able to collect unemployment?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a repair technician be alone in someone's home making repairs? Can a repair technician be alone in someone's home making repairs?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Can I collect because of working only one day? The retail store I work at is only letting me work one day. I also get social security and a pension but because of economy I'm having a hard time. Can I collect because of working only one day?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Define meaning of legal sole custody?
 Define meaning of legal sole custody?	Family Questions	California
How to terminate CEO and employee for having sexual relationship? I manage a church owned daycare center and we recently found out that the CEO of the center is having a sexual relationship with a teacher at the center. How do we handle terminating them? This is a touchy subject and right now the CEO has been put on leave but she is still at the center.	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can any legal action be pursued against my Mother should the banks foreclose? My Father died two weeks ago.  Both of my parents' names are on a deed to the house that he lived in (in the state of Florida).  However, only HIS name is on the two mortgages.  The house is not sellable:  $149K owed, $50K under water, $60K in repairs, in a bad location.  Can any legal action be pursued against my Mother should the banks foreclose?  (He's been current, with both mortgages, until his death two weeks ago.)	Real Estate Questions	California
How can the homeowners make the HOA and/or builder repair the gate in a timely manner?  I live in a gated community in Indio, CA. One of the gates is broken (stuck open) and has been that way for over a month.  Several homeowners have repeatedly complained to our HOA, but the HOA says the builder/developer hasn't turned over the gates and streets to the HOA so they have no control  over the situation, yet the HOA collects monthly dues from the homeowners. How can the homeowners make the HOA and/or builder repair the gate in a timely manner? Can we dump our HOA and get another property management company or get rid of HOAs altogether?	Real Estate Questions	California
How do I get property back that I let someone borrow? How do I get property back that I let someone borrow?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can you still get papers while incarcerated for deportation?  My boyfriend was deported before and re-entered the U.S. illegally. He now is incarcerated, can he still try to get his papers?	Immigration Questions	Colorado
Can another business keep me from conducting business at the same location? Can another business keep me from conducting business at the same location?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Do I have any rights if I stopped paying the mortgage of a house that the owner put in foreclosure? I rented a home that was in foreclosure when I found out the owner stopped paying the mortgage. I stopped paying the owner and now he is suing me. Do I have any rights?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is restaurant liable for lost wages and mileage if I am injured there? I went to a local restaurant and upon being escorted to our table, I slipped and fell, I hurt my knee and wrist.  Are they liable for lost wages and mileage?	Personal Injury Questions	Minnesota
Can a home owners association put a lien on your house if you refuse to pay for an upgrade to a drainage system for the subdivision? Can a home owners association put a lien on your house if you refuse to pay for an upgrade to a drainage system for the subdivision?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What form do I have to fill a request brother to brother? What form do I have to fill a request brother to brother?	Immigration Questions	New Mexico
If I sue a company in small claims court can I sue for the court cost? If I sue a company in small claims court can I sue for the court cost?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is there anything out there that I can apply to where I can have a work visa for now? I am 27 year old immigrant from Mexico. I was brought to this country when I was 9 years old. I finished my education up to two years of college. My grandfather became a legal citizen and in 1998 he petitioned for my mother as a married daughter and our paperwork has been in waiting since then. Because of  what happened in 911 our status kinda stopped they told us we still had to wait another 6 years. I was wondering if there is anything out there that i can apply to where I can have a work visa for now? At 17 I was diagnosed with lupus and I had medical but since I am now over the age of 21 I am  unable to receive it anymore and because I do not have a social security I cant apply for any other assistance which is extremely hard. Please help?	Immigration Questions	California
What is the statute of limitations on CC debit in Georgia? What is the statute of limitations on CC debit in Georgia?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Is there such a thing as a LEGAL separation? My daughter is in the process of filling out a Federal application for student aid (FAFSA). There is a section on the application that asks if your parents are separated or divorced. She answered yes because my husband (her father) and I are separated, living at 2 different addresses since November 2011. My question is: Is there such a thing as a LEGAL separation? We have not done anything LEGALLY regarding the separation.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Where to find free PA room rental documentation and landlord legal advice? I'm going to become a landlord/roommate with rooms I'm renting for the first time. I live in PA & would like to know where I can find free PA Room Rental documentation for renters in my home, with free PA landlord legal advice? Thanks for your help.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Will I be able to sue the dog and its owner next door when the damages came to $4000? My dog was attacked by a dog next door. The damages came to almost $4,000.00. The property next door belongs to a corporation. Will i be able to sue them?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What to do if I can't renew license in CA because of something from NC? I can't renew license in CA because of something from NC?	Criminal Questions	California
Is it against the law for a roommate to sign a lease on an apartment and then leave without paying? Is it against the law for a roommate to sign a lease on an apartment and then leave without paying?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
Legal for a new company to tell a worker they're terminated immediately without any notice? Is it legal for a new management company to tell a worker they're terminated immediately.without any notice or anything?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can spouse's property be seized for back child support? I married someone who was married to another woman and had a child with her and he got a letter the other day about if he had a certain amount in property that they would seize it because of his back child support. Can child support seize your spouse's property?	Family Questions	Vermont
Are we legally responsible to the private party the money back or is the vehicle his? I have a cashiers check from a private party to purchase a vehicle. We've paid off the loan with the cashiers check and are waiting for the title. The private party now wants his money back since it's taking more than a couple of days to get the title. Are we legally responsible to give him the money back or is the vehicle his?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
If I marry a person that has a large amount of debt, will I be legally obligated to pay this debt? If I marry a person that has a large amount of debt, will I be legally obligated to pay this debt?  I live in CA.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Ok for my employer demanding my phone contact list after quitting? I recently quit my job and my employer is demanding my phone contact list. Many are my personal contacts I had before getting hired. He is sending threatening text messages to get them. What are my rights? We have no contract stating the company owns my contacts	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What document do I need to have in place to leave my home to my church? After my death, I wish to leave a home to my church which is a 501-C-3 organization. What document do I need to have in place to make this happen?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How can we avoid a dirty pool if the landlord doesn't pay for the services? My lease states that pool service is provided by landlord. He regularly doesn't pay the pool service and we end up with a green pool, as right now. How can we avoid this from happening in future?	Real Estate Questions	California
What if I got an equity loan from one bank and change it to another, what kind of loan did I get: a mortgage or the same an equity loan? What if I got an equity loan from one bank and change it to another, what kind of loan did I get: a mortgage or the same an equity loan?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Contractor have right to deny removal of equipment at their facility when materials are own by the customer? Does a contractor have the right to deny removal of equipment and materials at their facility when the equipment and materials are own by the customer?PS there is no contract in place.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Is jail time mandatory for a felony 3?
 Is jail time mandatory for a felony 3?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I go down to my local courthouse to get the paperwork to petition for sole custody? My 1-year-old child's father have broken up so now I would like to petition for sole custody. Can I just go down to my local courthouse to get the paperwork?	Family Questions	California
MH/MR residential community home funding? Will the state of Pennsylvania allow me to set up a MH/MR residential community home that is funded by  the federal government, state, and county as an LLC or only as a partnership,corporation, county, or state?	Employment Questions	West Virginia
What to do if my friend is being evicted by the condo association with regards to occupancy? My friend is being evicted by the condo association based on a rule that states: Units may be occupied by no more than three persons. He lives with his wife and their two boys who are 7 and 5. We had heard that Florida rule states "no more than 2 per bedroom" and that this 3 person rule is a common occurrence, as Associations like to use this to discriminate against families with children. HUD has fallen short of helping them and the landlord certainly hasn't stood up for them either. I should add that this is all being brought on by an overzealous condo association president, who is intentionally going after them because they are my friends, and the president tried and failed to evict me 2 months ago.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I be told to leave or my senior mother will be evicted? Can I be told to leave or my senior mother will be evicted?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can we legally sue Target for the incident? A week ago, my family and I were shopping in our local Target. My two kids were playing with each other while me and my wife were talking to her aunt and uncle. My youngest son (2) fell and hit his head on an sharp electrical outlet hanging off a pole in the middle of the aisle. He bled quite a bit and we had a doctor bandage his cut but it hasn't healed yet and it will leave a big scar on his forehead. We filled out an accident report with a manager and he repeatedly apologized for the incident and claimed they were in the process of moving things around and the pole shouldn't have been in the middle of the aisle. He said he was normally in the clothes dept. out  of every one's way. My question is, can we legally sue them for this incident?	Personal Injury Questions	South Carolina
Can they kick me out if we are going through money problems and I can not paid the rent this month? We are going through money problems and I can not paid the rent this month. Can they kick me out?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
took my dog to a vet who refused to treat him w/o out money up front. What do I do if billed for services not asked for and not received?	Consumer Questions	Oregon
Would it be considered unconstitutional to have a diffrent set of laws for immigrants such as lower minimum wage?	Immigration Questions	Colorado
Do receipts for deductions from deposit have to be given to tenants? Are receipts required to be provided to tenant for repairs and cleaning when moving out if deducted from deposit?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions,Legal Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Is contract of support broken if ex-wife quits job? My ex-wife and myself have a contract of support. It states an agreed upon amount to be paid until adequate income is reached. I was told by my ex-wife that she had a job after finding out she found a job. She quit shortly after the discovery. Has the contract been broken?	Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
What has to be done to transfer power of attorney from one family member to another? My mother is moving in with me from WV to Florida and my cousin has power of attorney now.	Family Questions	Florida
What to do if I worked and was treated badly when asking why I didn't get paid? I worked for a real estate company cleaning houses. They gave me a 5 bd 6bth 2 kitchens 2 living room house. They did not give me a time to be done. Well about 6 hours later, after i had did everything on their list, which is quite long. One of their inspectors came running in yelling at me. Treating me like a dog. And said nothing was right. And would not be paying me for my job. What should I do to get paid?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can a company take out insurance from your check when there is three pay periods in one month? Can the company you work for take out insurance  from your check when there is three pay periods in one month?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Should I have a lawyer or would it be possible to settle out of court if I'm seeking a divorce? I'm seeking advice regarding divorce. Should I have a lawyer or would it be possible to settle out of court? There is a child involved and a home. What should I do?	Family Questions	California
How much jail time can I serve for three misdemeanor two's? How much jail time can I serve for three misdemeanor two's?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What are the repercussions of going back to an S-Corp from a C-Corp? I want to take institutional money at some point but also can use the deduction in 2011.	Corporate Questions	California
Legally are the landlords allowed to charge me more than the security deposit that I originally payed them?? I rented an apartment for 2 years and 8 months and payed a security deposit of $1000. The apartment was in good condition when I moved out in the beginning of this month with all appliances working well. However I had a cat that ruined the carpet and blinds and expected to loose that money as well as repainting fees. However, now the landlord is not only keeping the $1000 deposit but also demanding I pay around $900 more because all the fees cost more than the security deposit. He is even charging me for removing and replacing a toilet when it was working fine when I left. Legally are they allowed to charge me more than the security deposit that I originally payed them??	Real Estate Questions	California
If my job fires me for a slip in the restroom, what can I do? I slipped in the restroom in my job at K-mart and said I had a sprain ankle. I saw the doc again and said it's kind of fracture in my bone of my ankle. If my job fires me, what can I do?	Employment Questions	Florida
If I sold my truck to my brother and he's always late with the payments, do I have the right to repossess the truck? I sold my pick up truck to my brother. We have a signed agreement. My question is, they are always late with the the payment, and they have missed one completely. They live in Illinois. Do I have the right to repossess the truck?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Who gets children if something happens to father with full custody? My husband is trying to get full custody of his children. If he gets full custody and than something happens to him who would the children go to?	Family Questions	Idaho
How should I start fixing her papers if I've had my husband's daughter since she was a baby? my husband's daughter has been with me since she was a baby. How should I start fixing her papers?	Family Questions	California
Is my mother's will, living will and power of attorney created in NJ valid now that we have moved her to FL? Is my mother's will, living will and power of attorney created in NJ valid now that we have moved her to FL?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I cash a check or will cashing it hurt my case against my employer? I filed a race discrimination claim against my employer.  I recently received a bonus check for good performance.  Can I cash this check or will cashing it hurt my case?	Employment Questions	Illinois
If my name is slandered after I have been fired, do I have a case? If my name is slandered after I have been fired, do I have a case?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If I propose something to a lawyer that might be unethical/illegal, what are their responsibilities? if i propose something to a lawyer that might be unethical/illegal, what are their responsibilities?  In other words, do they report it even if it's just a question?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can co-borrower keep primary mortgage borrower out of house? I am the primary borrower on a house mortgage, my co-borrower is trying to keep me out of my house, are they allowed to do that?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I get a right to report someone who threatened me over the phone? Do I get a right to report someone who threatened me over the phone?	Consumer Questions	California
Can your manager disclose your medical history with other employees? Can your manager disclose your medical history with other employees?	Employment Questions	California
/questions/9e8465d049/if-law-applies-to-my-son-regarding-a-child-born-ou/

Can old prescription dismiss current illegal possession charge? Will an old prescription for xanax from 2007 suffice for dismissal from a  charge for possession of illegal xanax now?  I am pretty sure they are from my old prescription.  I carry them in case of an anxiety attack!  3 1/2   2 mg pills were confiscated.	Administrative Law Questions,Criminal Questions,Legal Questions,Pharmaceuticals Questions	Pennsylvania
If working more then 7 days as an at will employee, am I entitled to overtime? If working more then 7 consecutive days as an at will hourly employee, am i entitled to overtime?	Employment Questions	California
What should I do if my fiance had an oral contract of marriage bur married someone else? Jack and I have an oral contract of marriage, but now he betrayed me and married someone else. What should I do?	Family Questions	22
Could my daughter be charged with child abandonment if she moves into the apartment without a signed agreement between the two? My daughter is going to get a divorce, no paper work has been submitted. She has found an apartment for herself. Her husband has agreed on child custody terms (I don't believe a word he told her). Could she be charged with child abandonment if she moves into the apartment without a signed agreement between the two?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Can you give information about the divorce process? Can you give information about the divorce process?	Family Questions	68
Is it a mutual property if I use the money before marriage to buy a house after marriage? Is it a mutual property if I use the money before marriage to buy a house after marriage?	Family Questions	California
Can a presumed father court order a paternity test if the mother is not asking for child support? In the state of Florida, can a presumed father court order a paternity test if the mother is not asking for child support or refusing him visitation?	Family Questions	Florida
Accidental pet death from seizure while being groomed. I own a grooming shop and right before christmas a cat I was shaving had a seizure and passed away.  We immediately informed the owner of the cats passing.  The cat was a year old.  The owner at first wanted me to groom his other two dogs until the price of the cat was paid off.  When I brought to his attention the irony of this he decided that he wanted the replacement cost of the cat which was initially over 1 K. We have been communicating back and forth through letters as I want to keep  everything on paper.  They did not retrieve the cats body till the following day.  In subsequent letters the price of the cat has dropped although he is asking for additional things like declawing, and spaying.  I don't feel obligated it was an accident	Commercial Questions	California
How to terminate business acquisition agreement when threatened with anticipatory breach suit? I want to terminate a Business Acquisition Agreement. I fired the person for stealing and riding the clock, told them we need to renegotiate the contact or they could have the assets back. They are threatening to sue for anticipatory breach, What should I do?	Contract Questions	Texas
If I have a will from my late father from before he was married is it valid? My father passed away in Utah 10 months ago. My step-mom passed away 2 months away. I have a will from father from before he was married. Is it valid?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Utah
If I decide to move out before the lease ends, can I give landlord a 30 day notice?  If I decide to move out before the lease ends, can I give landlord a 30 day notice? It's legal in California.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Can I cash the check even if I'm suing the tenant for the remaining amount? I disagree with the amount of my tenant deposit being with-held for damages I did not cause. He returned partial amount of deposit. Can I cash the check even if I'm suing him for the remaining amount?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Question about car title in his name and removal his wife's? So a man has been waiting for a new title to be sent to him for his car because he took his wife's name off. She has the old title with both names on it. The man was arrested and has not yet received the new title. His wife came down with the old title and took his car from the impound. She had a title but it was an invalid title because he is waiting for the new title to be mailed. He has already talked to the title lean holders and his wife's name was taken off the title. They are going through a divorce.	Criminal Questions	Florida
Legal to record a conversation & use that information in court if the party you are recording does not know? I wanted to know if it is legal to record a conversation and use that information in court if the party you are recording does not know?	Real Estate Questions	California
What can I do if I had to close shop due to fumes because of a beauty parlor next door? I rent a small commercial space in an old building.  SInce a beauty parlor moved in next door, the fumes leak into my space.  I have complained for 2 months, and the landlord has yet to resolve the situation. He claims he has tried, but he is very slow to repair, and puts me off when I ask for schedule for repairs, etc. I have had to close shop due to fumes.  What can I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
As a tenant do we have the right to know if the landlord is paying his or her mortgage? As a tenant do we have the right to know if the landlord is paying his or her mortgage?	Real Estate Questions	California
How long do you have to file a will with the registrar if no one is contesting? How long do you have to file a will with the registrar if no one is contesting?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is a person entitled to money after one dies in the relationship if they never were married? Is a person entitled to money after one dies in the relationship if they never were married?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Legal for a 21-year-old to date a 16-year-old? Is it legal for a 21-year-old to date a 16-year-old?	Family Questions	Colorado
is it okay to record a conversation with your manager and use it against him in court?
 is it okay to record a conversation with your manager and use it against him in court?	Employment Questions	California
Is placing advertisement flyers for a church at a residence considered solicitation? Is placing advertisement flyers for a church at a residence considered solicitation in Florida Law?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
How do I make sure If I travel from WI to AK to see my daughter that I will be able to see her when I get there? I do have a visitation order but it is left up to her mother? My ex girlfriend moved from Wisconsin to Alaska with my 5 month old daughter before paternity was established. When I went to court for my rights I asked if the mother could be resposible to bring my daughter to see me in Wisconsin 1 time a year they said that was not feasible. And then they left all visitation up to the discretion of her mother. How do I get this changed and I am trying to plan a trip to Alaska but I am worried that if I go, the mother will not let me see her. What can I do to ensure I can?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Is it illegal for my ex-wife to collect child support for my daughter that doesn't live with her anymore? Is it illegal for my ex-wife to collect child support for my daughter that doesn't live with her anymore?	Family Questions	California
If my house is not in my name, can my husband kick me out even though it's been my legal residence? If my house is not in my name, can my husband kick me out even though it has been my legal residence for 6 years?	Family Questions	California
Do I need permission to quote (extensively) from a book that has no ISBN number and no copyright notice within it anywhere? None	Copyright Questions	New York
Can the sellers be held liable for storage fees and other costs? Signed a contract to purchase a house in Pennsylvania.  The sellers disclosure stated central air had been installed this year.  Come to find out it is not.  Sellers agent claimed several times it was being done.  That was over 3 weeks ago.  Our agent has attempted to contact sellers agent to get status update and agent has not returned calls.  We are relocating from another state and have movers coming but now I don't have a house for them to deliver our things to.  Can the sellers be held liable for storage fees and other costs?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
What rights do I have if I live with my boyfriend and will call the cops if my daughter's fiance comes near? I live with my boyfriend in his house and he told me that a certain person is no longer aloud on the property and said if the person does he will call the police. Now this person is my daughter's fiance and has done nothing wrong and I was wondering what rights I have in this situation and can he actually do this and what will happen if he does call the police?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I be forced to work at another facility cause the other manager stepped down?  Can I be forced to work at another facility and assume a manager role in that facility because the other manager stepped down? Can I be forced to travel to that facility that I was not hired for? As a salary employee-  am I required to complete duties outside of my job description?As a salary employee- am I forced to take call 24/7 when there is a director in place over both facilities?	Employment Questions	Florida
Isn't it breaking the contract they signed with me if they can't find my GED and plan to let me go? I signed a contract with the company that hired me stating i can start working on a specific date pending completion of a background check, drug test, physical and references.  They did not complete the background check completely and I started working for them.  Now they are saying they can not find a record of my GED and they are planning on letting me go.  Can they do this? Isn't this breaking the contract they signed with me?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Connecticut
Do I have a case if my landlord refuses to return the deposit claiming she was using it for unpaid rent? I lived in a house for 4 1/2 years. At the 3 year mark my landlord said he was filing bankruptcy and wouldn't be making his mortgage payment. In turn he asked me to stop paying rent. I lived in the house, rent free, for four months. At the fifth month, his ex-wife contacted me and said she would be taking over as landlord. She sent me a letter dated and signed stating that she would not asked for any back rent of any kind. The lease I signed with her had the deposit amount that I originally gave to the first landlord and the date I paid it to him, it stated that this was the deposit that I paid to her.  I moved out a 1 1/2 years later, she refused to return the deposit, claiming that she was using it for the unpaid rent. Do I have a case?	Real Estate Questions	California
If a buyers check (Good faith deposit) is not given to the seller or sellers agent after the acceptance of a offer (Contract to Purchase), is the offer valid?  If a buyers check (Good faith deposit) is not given to the seller or sellers agent after the acceptance of a offer (Contract to Purchase), is the offer valid? Massachusetts property.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
Am I responsible for a third parties not paying without notification? I live in Wisconsin. My daycare provider was receiving third party payments as well as a weekly co-pay from myself. In August the provider stopped receiving the third party payments and she did not inform me that the payments had stopped until mid November. She does not provide monthly invoices nor a way to check your balance. The amount of the charges minus the co-pays I had made during this time (on a weekly ACH) is in the amount of $2,288. Am I responsible for this?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
My boyfriend and I are minors and we have a 4 month old that lives with me but his dad wants him two days of the week.  I am fine with that as long as I can get a legal document describing our arrangement so his mom can't say that I abandoned him.  What is the best way for me to do this without going court?	Family Questions	Tennessee
Do I file for divorce in the state we were married or the state I currently am? 16 years ago I was married in Florida. My wife and I have been living separate lives in separate states for the past 15 years as she resides in Florida and I resided in New Jersey. Until 3 years ago when I relocated to Pennsylvania. I can't afford a lawyer and I am going to have to file it myself. What is the best way to go about it, and do I have to file for divorce in the state we were married or can I file here and have the papers served to her? Please help me move on with my life.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If a plaintiff is not present in court, is the judge required to proceed with the case? If a plaintiff is not present in court, is the judge required to proceed with the case?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Connecticut
If an individual has a copyright on a logo (which is a dog breed name) can they claim the rights to the name in advertising -- can they control who can advertise under that particular name?  If not, what can I do to make sure I'm not booted off an advertising site because of them? Thank you.	Advertising Law Questions,Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Virginia
Can I sue the company for hiring the person who stole my identity as they obtained employment with them? I am a victim of identity thief and has recently discovered that someone has gained access to my information to obtain employment with said company. My question is can I sue the company for hiring them? I called the company to inquire about my information being used and if the person provide them identification saying that they were me and they responded that they didn't require and I.D.	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can work make you work 10 days straight and not pay overtime? Can an employer make you work 10 days straight since your last day off before you get a day off and not pay you overtime even if it became a new work week?	Employment Questions	California
Can police find juvenile criminal records on a run away?  If a juvenile is a run away and leaves the state will the police be able to look up her juvenile criminal records?	Criminal Questions	California
How to change son's father on birth certificate? How to change sons father on birth cert?I am married and had an affair. We thought my son was my husbands baby (now separated) so he signed the birth certificate. When my son was 7 months old (last month) we did an at home dna test because my husband didn't think our son looked like him. Turns out hes not his father and the man I had an affair with is his father. I need to know how do I go about taking my husband off the birth cert? His bio father doesn't want to be on the birth cert or want anything to do with our son. I'm fine with that and don't want child support or him in our lives at all. Do I still need to have him put as the bio father on his birth cert? If so how do I go about that?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How can I get custody of my grandchildren if my daughter's rights have been taken? How can I get custody of my grandchildren if my daughter's rights have been taken and her kids are not with a blood relative?	Family Questions	California
Do I need an attorney if I want to file a counter suit if I am anticipating a lawsuit that is out of state? i am anticipating a lawsuit from a company that is out of state. I want to file a counter suit. Do I need an attorney if I am the state of Georgia?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
What forms do I need to complete prior to court if I am defending my self in a theft case? What forms do I need to complete prior to court if I am defending my self in a theft case?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Can a Canadian teacher with a certificate in education and a bachelor in Math have a TN visa to the US? Can a Canadian teacher with certificate in education and a bachelor in Math have a TN visa to the US?	Immigration Questions	AB
Is there a law on how many years a carpet needs to be replaced? In the state of California is there a law on how many years a carpet needs to be replaced? The carpet in my apartment has been there since 1970's I feel I am getting sick from it.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Evicted cause utilities are in another name other than the tenant?  Can a landlord evict because utilities are in someone else's name other than the tenant? Obviously, it being someone willing and not unknowing of the situation.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What are the requirements to move a citizen from Taiwan to the USA? What are the requirements to move a citizen from Taiwan to the USA?	Immigration Questions	California
If I don't sign for my husband to get his green card, will he be deported? If I don't sign for my husband to get his green card will he be deported?	Immigration Questions	Pennsylvania
If I try to get legal citizenship, can they deport me? I am illegal and have 3 U.S citizen kids. One is disabled. If I try to get legal citizenship, can they deport me? I have been here since I was 2 years and I am 23.	Immigration Questions	Georgia
Which class to file divorce when wife deported to home country? My wife has been deported to her country of the Dominican Republic. In which class can i file for divorce?	Immigration Questions,Legal Questions	New York
Is a minor of 16 allowed to date an adult of 18?  Is a minor of 16 allowed to date an adult of 18? What restrictions apply? i have searched through the statues but I'm unable to understand fully.	Family Questions	Florida
How do I get marriage green card while I am in the US?  How do I get marriage green card while I am in the US?	Immigration Questions	California
Can my husband sponsor me if he's a permanent resident? Can my husband sponsor me if he's a permanent resident?	Immigration Questions	New York
Can person cancel contract in 30 days with no penalty? Is there a law that a person has thirty days to cancel a contract without penalty?	Contract Questions	Wisconsin
My friends and I are U.S. citizens and want to know if there is a list of countries we're suggested not to visit on our global trip? My friends and I are planning a global trip. We are all U.S. citizens and want to know if there is a list of countries we're suggested not to visit?	Immigration Questions	California
Is there a way my fiance could win against an immigration judge and file papers if he got arrested? My fiance just got arrested by ICE for coming over here illegally. He is such a respectful, caring, good person. He is also well liked by so many. Is there a way he could win against an immigration judge and file papers? Or is it too late because he is in jail waiting for his healing? He got arrested two days ago. And how much roughly is it to hire an attorney?	Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
What legal options do I have to get a visitor's visa for my mother-in-law who keeps getting rejected by the US consulate in India?  what legal options do I have to get a visitor's visa for my mother-in-law who keeps getting rejected by the US consulate in India? They think she will come here and stay put.	Immigration Questions	California
Loan company sent summons to me and daughter after I co-sign her private loan. I co-sign my daughter's student private loan. My son-in-law and I had to come to an agreement but couldn't. The loan company has sent a summons to myself & daughter. What are my options? Thank you, Roberto.	Administrative Law Questions	Illinois
How long does it take for me to just bring my Costa Rican wife as a tourist and is it easy?  I got married to my wife in Costa Rica almost 1 year ago in August. I would like her to come visit me first to see if she likes it here and then I will petition her and her son. How long does it take for me to just bring her as a tourist and is it easy?	Immigration Questions	Louisiana
What are my options when I believe my wife fraudulently induced me to marry her for immigration purposes? I have been married for 6 years to a woman who only married me for naturalization. (I recently found out) she also has been using a least 3 or 4 differenent ss #'s and has been wiring funds from my bank accounts via the internet. We have two young children. I believe she may also be married to another without divorce in NC. NY state would not marry us in 2006 (reason undisclosed to me) She had a friend in CT that married us.  She did not show any divorce papers. I am a victim of this woman's fraud.  I have written to Social Security and Homeland Security. I am in a nightmare and so are my children. When I confronted her with the records, I found she became irrate and placed a bogus order of protection against me. What else can I do?	Family Questions,Immigration Questions	New York
Can a man divorce his wife without her knowing? Can a man divorce his wife without her knowing? I mean without her approval?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Can our landlord still kick us out with the court order till the rest of the money is there? Our landlord took us to court for 2 months rent we were behind.  Of course he got the judgement. Later that night we called him told him we would have half the money the next day and the rest as soon as we could. he let us stay and accepted the money. Can he still kick us out with the court order till the rest of the money is there?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If fired from a church do they have to give you your last check that same day? If fired from a church do they have to give you your last check that same day?	Employment Questions	California
If a person is filing an N-400 form and has 0% income, can they be approved for a waiver? If a person is filing an N-400 form and has 0% income, can they be approved for a waiver?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it legal to have a judgement against a tenant that still live in the apartment and not tell them? How can I get judgements off my credit report?Is it legal to have a judgement against a tenant that still live in the apartment and not tell them?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What are my options if I want to start my own business in the US when I have a H1B visa? I am currently working on an H1B visa and have an approved I-140 petition (approved in June 2012), category 3. What are my options if I want to start my own business in the US? e.g.: If I decide to quit my job or work part-time? In case that's helpful, my business idea involves Brazil and the US.	Immigration Questions	New York
Is there any legal action I can take if my stepfather did not consent to life support for my mother and she is dying? My stepfather did not consent to life support for my mother in time and she is dying. Is there any legal action I can take against him?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How would I find out if I inherited anything after my grandfather passed away four years ago? How would I find out if I inherited anything after my grandfather passed away almost four years ago?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Tenant refuses to leave sold house after lease expires. My tenants lease is up and they refuse to leave. The house has been sold and they have to get out. What should we do?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	New Hampshire
Is it legal to photograph paintings without artist consent? Is it legal for someone to post pictures of an artist's paintings without the artist's consent?	Copyright Questions	Arizona
What can I do if I want my husband to leave the house but I want him to stay with the house? I have been married for 23 years and have paid for my house since we purchased it. He has only helped me for about 4 to 5 years. I want him to leave the house and I want to stay with the house. What can I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can a father relinquish his parental rights to the birth mother as long as there is no dispute from the mother? Can a father relinquish his parental rights to the birth mother as long as there is no dispute from the mother?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can we petition for custody in NJ or does it have to be in PA where the original case was held? My husband's ex-wife & children live in PA., which is where he lived when they divorced.  His ex has full custody.  He gets them every other weekend.  He pays both child support & alimony.  We live in NJ & would like to petition for custody.  Can we do it here, or does it have to be in PA., where the original case was held?	Family Questions	Montana
Is it legal for my landlord to go to my employer and tell him I owe him money for back rent and then have my employer threaten me with losing my job? Is it legal for my landlord to go to my employer and tell him I owe him money for back rent and then have my employer threaten me with losing my job?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Possible to pay child support directly to my son? In the state of mass is it possible to pay child support directly to my 19 year son? He is resides in his dorm in college.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
If my employer offers only one person benefits and not others, is this grounds for a lawsuit? I work 32 hours per week. My employer offers only one person benefits and not others. Is this grounds for a lawsuit?	Employment Questions	California
May I sue my roommate if she refuses to pay rent? My roommate decides to move out after she signed a one year lease. We made a verbal agreement that we will pay our rent equally. I'm scared she is not going to pay monthly rent now. She signed a year lease however and if she moves out, she is still responsible for her part. May I sue her if she refuses to pay?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
If I get fired do I have to sign the termination papers? If I get fired do I have to sign the termination papers?	Employment Questions	California
Can the mother change school district without father's permission and both have 50 custody? Can the mother change school district without father's permission and both have 50 custody?	Family Questions	California
Can I take off someone I put on deed? If I put someone on the deed, can I take them off?	California Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Grantor conveying property owning surface and minerals. In the state of Illinois, if a Grantor conveys property in which they own the surface and minerals but make the notation "EXCEPT ALL, COAL, OIL, GAS AND OTHER MINERALS," does that Grantor convey both minerals and surface?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Texas
How to legally correct POA's information on son's divorce papers? My son is incarcerated in Pendleton, Oregon. On one of his divorce papers, I am listed as a resident of Umatilia, Oregon and I live in Redwood City, CA. Can I cross out and correct and initial it and would it be legal? I am his power of attorney.Thank youJessica B	Family Questions	California
Can I live with my boyfriend now that I have been separated for a month? In the state of PA, can I live with my boyfriend now that I have been separated for a month?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Would implied warrant of merchantability cover pre-owned vehicle that breaks down? I purchased a pre-owned vehicle from a reputable dealership 7 months and 10 days ago. This Wednesday, it completely broke down and I am going to have to replace the engine completely! Would the implied warranty of merchantability cover this? It was as is. There was no info given about a bad engine.	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Texas
What can I do if Department of social services was called already several times? Department of social services was called already less than 6 months ago. They closed it out. Now they just showed up again with the police. This is the 3rd time out in less than 7 months. What can I do?	Family Questions	California
I am the surviving collaborator of a DVD produced in
1969 but never copyrighted. What do I do to legally
publish the DVD?	Copyright Questions	Florida
What does it mean in copyright law by "reproduce"? What constitutes as a reproduction of a work? For instance, is a burned CD a reproduction? None	Copyright Questions	Louisiana
What is the manner of course I should take if I want to copy an original magazine cover (painting) and sell it to the public?   I am not claiming to be the artist. The dates are 1926 to 1931, - all have an artist's signature, but not the "C" in a circle. Where do I go to see if the family owns it? None	Copyright Questions	California
What are the laws of eviction of Georgia? What are the laws of eviction of Georgia?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What are the legal rights of consumers vs. rightsholders concerning MP3 "mix tapes" (i.e. a single MP3 file containing several songs transitioning one into the next).  How does this compare with "old school" mix tapes on cassette that everyone created and shared in the 80s?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Internet Law Questions	California
Can heir sell vehicle before properly probated? Can an automobile be sold by the heir before  it has been properly probated?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Kansas
Can you be pulled over for not wearing a seat belt or is this considered a secondary violation? In PA, can you be pulled over for not wearing a seat belt or is this considered a secondary violation and you have to be doing something else to get pulled over?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can someone claim and take vehicle registered in my name? If a vehicle is registered in my name (registration, insurance, and title), can someone else claim it and legally take it away?	Administrative Law Questions,Commercial Questions,Family Questions,Legal Questions	New York
How do you know if common law married? How do you know if you are common law married?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can I use parents' address on N-400 application? I am a medical student living with my parents in Ohio since 2003. I started clinical clerkship at hospitals in NY/NJ. Rotation will continue for a year. Current addresses are temporary. My Drivers license & bank  have my address in Ohio. CAN I use the Ohio address on my N-400 application ?	Immigration Questions	Ohio
Can copyrighted work be trademarked without holder consent? Can someone trademark a copyrighted work of art if they do do hold the copyright and without permission from the copyright holder?	Copyright Questions,Trademark Questions	Washington
Can a signed contract be reconsidered due to language issues?  I'm helping a friend who doesn't speak English. She recently went to a boutique in Illinois. They spoke to her in Spanish and her contract was in both languages English and Spanish. One of the workers, explained that she could change the package if she didn't want on a later date. When she returned back they refused to honor it, since she had signed the contract. The question was in English and this isn't the only person this has happened with. What can my friend do?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
Do I need a notary from a lawyer if I am separating from my husband to move to Canada? Hi. I'm separating from husband and planning to move back to Canada with my 2 girls. At this moment we are in the US with L1 L2 till 2014. My husband agreed with my decision. Do I need a legal paper from a lawyer or a notary agreement between us is enough? Thank you	Family Questions	Florida
is it legal to give my roommate a notice to vacate if she's on the year lease? Is it legal to give my roommate a notice to vacate if she's on the year lease?	Real Estate Questions	California
can I fight the judgement in CA on grounds other then jurisdiction if it's domesticated in FL? Once a foreign (default) judgement from California is domesticated in Hillsborough county FL, can I fight the judgement on grounds other then jurisdiction of the Ca court? In other words doses F.S. 55.501- 55.509 allow me to fight the plaintiffs claims in a FL court by reopening or moving to vacate said judgement?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can I get fired for taking time off because I have a sick child? Can I get fired for taking time off because I have a sick child?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can your employer suspend you without a written document? Can your employer suspend you without a written document?	Employment Questions	California
Can an employer terminate you without warning, without discussion even in an at will situation? can an employer terminate you without warning, without discussion even in an at will situation? There was an investigation with my staff that the employer conducted. Several of my staff were interviewed. One of my direct reports was fired as a result. They never interviewed me or made me part of the investigation. This is standard practice at the agency. They then terminated me for "improper oversight of staff" but never gave me the opportunity to find out what the issues were, etc.	Employment Questions	Connecticut
Can immigration change my age if I prove to them that the year on my birth certificate was wrong? Can immigration change my age if I prove to them that the year on my birth certificate was wrong?	Immigration Questions	Ohio
My question is regarding an infraction ticket? My question is regarding an infraction ticket. I went to court they said they couldn't find my ticket in the filing system. They handed me a paper saying I has shown up to court and told me to call from time to time to see if they had found my case. I did so and they continue to tell me they still hadn't found my case. A week went by and I received a letter in the mail saying I was being charged with failure to appear to court. They are fining me too. I have prove that I went to court that day but I just want to know if I can be charged with this new fine or if when I show the judge the paper the court gave to me will that fine be dropped.	Criminal Questions	California
Is there a swimsuit law for water parks in Massachusetts? Is there a swimsuit law for water parks in Massachusetts? Specifically stating that females must wear lined swimsuits?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is there a statue of limitations on owing back sewage charges when I never got their notice? I recently received a bill from my local tax office saying that I owe back sewage charges from 2005, 2006, & 2007. They also said that they sent out a notice in January of 2011, (I never saw that notice!). Is there a statue if limitations on this? I live in Bethel Park Pa.	Tax Questions	Pennsylvania
Do we need to create a business structure like an LLC for a property rental business?  My husband and I are purchasing properties to rent out.  Do we need to create a business structure such as an LLC for a property rental business?  What are our options?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
What can I do to remove someone from my house? What can I do to remove someone from my house?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Who pays for getting water leak fixed: owner or renter? Who pays for getting water leak fixed: owner or renter?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it legal for a landlord to charge for water bill to tenants when the bill is in landlords name? Is it legal for a landlord in California to charge for water bill to tenants when the bill is in landlords name?	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I have to allow my landlord in to inspect the apartment annually? Do I have to allow my landlord in to inspect the apartment annually?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
How do I go about making sure my new wife will inherit my entire estate in the case of my death?  How do I go about making sure my new wife will inherit my entire estate in the case of my death?  I have 2 grown children from a previous marriage.  Their mother is deceased.  I want my new wife to inherit 100% with my children inheriting our estate once we are both deceased.  What steps do I need to take to ensure that my wife will not have a battle on her hands? We live in CT	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
How much is a mutual divorce in FL? How much is a mutual divorce here in Naples, Florida?	Family Questions	Florida
How does child support work when filing 1099? Hi,My child lives in Wisconsin and I live in another state. In the near future I anticipate that no longer be filing W2 and instead 1099 due to a job change. How does child support work when filing 1099?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Am I legally responsible for any of my father's debts if he has given me power of attorney? My 91-year-old dad has given me power of attorney. Am I legally responsible for any of his debts, either legal or financial?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
How can I change my daughter's last name if her father is absent? My daughter is 7 weeks old and was born in Dallas, TX. I moved with her to Maryland. I want to change her last name to my last name because her father has not helped Me at all and he might not even be in the country anymore. How can I go about this?	Family Questions	District of Columbia
Question regarding an Apartment Lease Contract? The actual Apartment Lease Contract states "Rent and Charges: Unless modified by addenda, you will pay 1128 per month for rent, payable in advance and without demand:"I have a Rent Addendum - Conventional that has the Base Monthly Rent shown as $1128 crossed out with $1085.00 hand written next to it which carry's to the next section where it is typed as the Base Monthly payment after concession $1085 Plus Trash $10 Plus Other 60.00 with a total of $1198. Does not add up.Is the Rent Addendum a legally binding form? Are they allowed to manually change the amount without my knowledge or approval? The leasing office original is manually changed in both spots to 1128.00.	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
How do I evict my brother and his family out of my home? I let my brother and his family move in in July 2011. I asked him to only pay half of the elect  and he had his dish network transferred to my home. He has paid half the elect each month. I have asked him to move out. How do i make him move? I went to my clerk of courts and they said if he did not pay rent I could not evict him. What do I do? I am under a lot of stress. I need them out.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If someone passed a Field Alcohol Breath Test, can the police force-ably take a Blood sample ? If someone passed a Field Alcohol Breath Test, can the police take you to the local hospital, hold you down, & force-ably take a blood sample?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can I void a lease agreement for equipment because of a lack of consideration? I had an equipment lease that was determined later to be a Secured Loan with a usurious interest rate (15% in CA). The "Equipment Financing" company came under new management and they realized the error. They informed me that I would gain a substantial tax advantage if I signed a new "Equipment Lease" and "Novation Agreement". Later it was also determined that they actually installed different (telephone) equipment than was detailed in either Agreement. I've got them pegged to rights on the equipment but want to also try to "Void" the new lease and Novation Agreement based on the lack of consideration. Is this possible?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can the police search you and take your car keys and search your car? Can the police search you and take your car keys and search your car?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Can I sue him in small claims if the sewer company cannot refund the money without both of our consent? I live on the bottom floor of a duplex.  I had a toilet leak last year.  I paid the entire sewer bill. The bill is in my neighbors name and i paid him directly.  I received a one time leak adjustment which brought the total down to $800.  The sewer company cannot refund the money without both of our consent. Of course he refused and therefore the money is being put to this years bill.  Can i sue him in small claims?  I have the checks i paid directly to him.Thanks John	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Can you change from leasing to buying an auto within a given number of days? Regarding an auto purchase. In Florida do you have a number of days that you can change your mind about a car purchase? Also, can you change from leasing to buying an auto within a given number of days?	Consumer Questions	Florida
If I have joint custody and want to get sole custody how can I do that my son father is unfit?
 If I have joint custody and want to get sole custody how can I do that my son father is unfit?	Family Questions	California
I am from MD.  I was named as 1 of 2 people in a defamation suit.  The other person admits to writing defaming comments on a web site about my brother, who is a doctor in CT.  I have not spoken to my brother in 5 years.  I knew NOTHING about this until I was served.  How do I get my name removed?	Personal Injury Questions	Maryland
What to do if I had received a divorce, but I do not know what answer form should I apply to? What to do if I had received a divorce, but I do not know what answer form should I apply to?	Family Questions	California
Do I need to include any disclaimers in my advertising that say something contrary to how the product's use? I am in the process of making an accessory for an existing product.  The existing product states specifically how to use it, but my accessory contradicts their instructions.  Will I have any legal problems in producing my item? Do I need to include any disclaimers in my advertising that say something contrary to how they state the use is?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Connecticut
If I broke off my engagement, how do I remove his name off the RV contract? My former fiance and I purchased an RV in Florida. I paid the total amount with cash.  My fiance's name is on the contract as and/or.  We broke our engagement and I want his name off the contract. How do I accomplish that?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What to do if my landlord is a jerk? What to do if my landlord is a jerk?	Real Estate Questions	California
If/when I get laid off can I still collect unemployment even if I have a part time job as a waitress or bartender? I currently have a job fixing airplanes that brings home $1520 every two weeks, but security is shaky and I might be getting laid off soon. I was thinking about bartending for a bit so I still have an income but it won't be nearly as much money. If/when I get laid off can I still collect unemployment even if I have a part time job as a waitress or bartender?	Employment Questions	Florida
Am I entitled to the bonus if I no longer work with them but still have a signed contract? I was given a contract to work for an employer part time with an hourly wage and a commission on how my students completed our after school tutoring program. I recruited students until the program started and when the program started the employer appeared as if they did not want me working there anymore since they now had the students. It appears the bonus goals have been met but I no longer work with them but still have a signed contract from them through next and I reached my goals to get the bonus. Am I still entitled to the bonus?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Question regarding a residential insurance personal injury liability situation? I have a residential insurance personal injury liability situation.  If the injury occurred on a relatives property, is there anything to keep a claimant for bringing suit, if necessary,  against that owner or there insurance company on a claim?  Would it be considered a break in the arms length rule? and if so, what then is a person to do?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Can a person work a job after a car accident happens a year ago while they wait for the lawsuit money? Can a person work or find a job after a car accident happens a year ago while they wait for the lawsuit money?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What to do if my employer refuses to pay me for waitress training? My employer refuses to pay me for waitress training. She said that she doesn't pay for training.	Employment Questions	Indiana
Can a deceased man's mother claim the balance of his checking/savings account?  A man dies from natural causes. He has no will, no marriages, and no children. His mother is still alive. Can his mother claim the balance of his checking/savings account? He was disabled and living in disabled housing. All bills were paid on time. Social Security automatically deposited his monthly check on the first of each month. Before he died there was money.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Can I sue this business for piercing both my daughters' tongues (ages 14 &13) without my consent? Can I sue this business for piercing both my daughters' tongues (ages 14 & 13) without my consent?	Personal Injury Questions	California
How to apply for a relative such as an uncle? How to apply for a relative such as an uncle?	Immigration Questions	Kentucky
Do I have a case? I have not received my refund. I had a bad experience at a Beaches resort in Jamaica. I transferred to another hotel while I was down there and I booked through Delta vacations. Beaches refunded the hotel back to Delta to pay for the new hotel. When I came back from vacation I submitted a complaint to Beaches. They provided me with a confirmation that I would be refunded a 6 night land portion only in ADDITION to them refunding the money back to Delta. This was in April 2011. I am still fighting. If I have a confirmation stating that I am entitled to my refund and haven't gotten it thus far because they are refusing. Do I have a case? As far as I'm concerned they sent me a contract stating my refund, and have broken that contract.	Consumer Questions	Minnesota
Can the landlord sue me if I left on the 4th and there was no legal contract?  I was Renting a room in a house for $750 within no signed lease/contract. She recently raised the rent mid-week to $900. I said ok to have no problems. She was not home the 1st of the month to hand her the check. So she came back on the 3rd and harassed me. I took my stuff out on the 4th. And she still wants me to pay her the 900. Or else she will sue. Can she sue me if I left on the 4th. And there was no legal contract?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is my husband entitled to half my earnings and property if we get a divorce? Is my husband entitled to half my earnings and property if we get a divorce?	Family Questions	Florida
Is it too late to file probate? My father passed away in May, 2007. He wanted to leave me his home but at the time I was married and afraid husband would make claim to the property. He signed a statement which is notarized and witnessed leaving the house to my sister until the divorce was finalized. My sister did not know about the document until about six months ago. At any rate, probate was never filed and the property taxes have not been paid since 2008. A letter arrived two days ago from the circuit court demanding payment for the back due taxes in the amount of $13,750 within 30 days. I don't know if it is too late to file probate. I have letters signed by all siblings giving up rights to the property because he had discussed this with each of them. What do  I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Are there any legal issues with issuing loans to startup founders that currently only have equity? -Seed-funded start-up with no employees; only founders that have an equity stake-Founders are looking to take a small amount money from the company for personal use -Accountants have advised us to avoid dealing with employees for as long as possible, and to issue a company loan to the founders instead (intent of paying back the loan when salary can be taken)	California Questions,Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Employment Questions,Finance Questions,Tax Questions	California
Help in writing a letter if my daughter is charged with online impersonation & has to apologize to the victims? My daughter is charged with online impersonation and she has to write a letter apologizing to the victims.  Can you please give us some advice on how to write this letter? Thank you	Criminal Questions	Texas
Our renter has been evicted. Judgement has been made in our favor. Renter left household items in the house. What can we do with this items? I consider them worth more than just trash.	Leasing Questions	Indiana
If an accident happens to me, who will get the house? My husband and i married for 4 years.  We're still married now.  My husband want to quit and give  our home to me.  i will assume the remaining loan balance of $300,000.00.if accident happen to me, who will get the house?we have a 3 years old son together.I have a 10 years old daughter from previous marriage.he has 2 over 19 years old daughter from his previous marriage.	Family Questions	California
Is it legal for employees to gamble during their lunch hour? Is it legal for employees to gamble (play cards, exchange of money) during their lunch hour?If no, what actions can I take?	Employment Questions	New York
Take the car company to small claims for not adhering to agreement? I have a question about an agreement with contract that I had made with a company to take over car payments. They didn't keep to agreement and I am paying $3200.00. Should I take them to small claims?	Criminal Questions	California
Does company have to post new positions? When a job opening becomes available does the company have to post it in order to give everyone a chance to apply for the position?	Employment Questions	New York
Is it better to be late to court date or talk to judge after court over? I had a court date today at 9 am for a failure to appear on a shoplifting charge in Henry County, TN. It happened a year and a half ago. Since then, I moved to Charlotte, NC for work. Should I walk in 4 hrs late or talk to judge after court is over? I don't have a lawyer yet.	Criminal Questions	Tennessee
If I was prescribed the wrong medication by a pharmacy should I be compensated? If I was prescribed the wrong medication by a pharmacy should I be compensated?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Not agreed the no fault marriage, do I need to respond? When you are served with divorce papers, and you do not agree the no fault marriage is unequiviocally broken, do I need to RESPOND that I do not agree and if so, HOW exactly?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
if a father doesn't sign paternity papers at hospital does he still have the right to visit his daughter? So I was wondering if a father doesn't sign paternity papers at hospital does he still have the right to visit his daughter or even to try to take her away from mother?	Family Questions	California
Up to how long after an accident can you sue? Up to how long after an accident can you sue?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Is it law to require renter's insurance? I just moved in into a new place to rent and they are requiring renter's insurance. Is this a law in Massachusetts?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Legal if they sold the building now and the new landlord give me a 2 weeks notice to move out? I been a resident manager for 10 years.They sold the building now and the new landlord give me a 2 weeks notice to move out.is this legal?	Employment Questions	California
Do I get my parents' house because I lived there and they recently passed away? If I live in my parents' house to take care of them for the last 3 years & they die, do I get the house because I lived here? 9 tenths of the law & all that? Do the 3 kids have to sell the house & share the profits?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
How to get misdemeanor traffic arrest expunged and sealed? I was arrested for Misdemeanor Traffic Violation in January 2008 in Barstow, CA. I was not convicted, but plead Nolo to decreased charges of 2 counts Infraction, paying a hefty fine. The Misdemeanor was dismissed. Since then I have never been arrested. How can I get this arrest expunged and sealed?	California Questions,Criminal Questions	California
Startup pay in equity? I'm trying to get freelancers for my startup but I don't have any money to pay them. So I was planning on giving them sweat equity from the company as pay. Is that a good idea? How much will it cost to do the paperwork involved?	Securities Questions,Tax Questions	Massachusetts
Rights to unemployment if offered a position with less hours and with no benefits? What are your rights to unemployment if your employer has offered you another position with less hours and with no benefits when I have benefits now?  They are saying that it is a new position.  I have 15 years of working there.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have to record it at the clerk of court if my separated husband signed a promissory note? My separated husband of 7 years signed a promissory note  and notarized to pay X amount of money for my support each month. sometimes he pays sometimes he does not and i can not survive. is this a LEGAL form in Florida or do i also have to record it at the clerk of court?	Family Questions	Florida
If my daughter is studying abroad for 6 months, am I obligated to pay child support ($3000/month)?   If my daughter is studying abroad for 6 months, am I obligated to pay child support ($3000/month)?	Family Questions	California
Are CA home sellers required to disclose the near proximity of a nuclear power plant? Are California home sellers required to disclose the near proximity of a nuclear power plant?	Real Estate Questions	California
If someone owes me money and their account is frozen, can I get my money back? If someone owes me money on an investment and their bank account has been frozen, can I get my money back if I have the contract and receipt?	Employment Questions	Georgia
How to find out if Minor in Possession case is filed? How do you know if an officer filed my MIP (Minor in Possession) case in California? He was a unversity police officer.	Criminal Questions	California
Can I sue if my house was broken into and my alarm system failed? My house was broken into and my alarm system failed. Can I sue?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Do I deserve a paid vacation after 9 years without a union? Do I deserve a paid vacation after 9 years without a union?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How do I get my daughter a Social Security number so that I can enroll her in school if she was born in Canada? My daughter was born in Canada.  I am a US citizen and her father is A Canadian citizen.  My daughter and I live in United States, Georgia.  How do I get my daughter a Social Security number so that I can enroll her in school?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What is my penalty or sentencing for suspended license?  I was ticketed for driving on a suspended license.  My license was suspended due to a second DUI and has been suspended for over 5 years.  I haven't been in any other kind of trouble.  What kind of penalty or sentencing can I expect?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Advice on how to go about getting partial custody or visitation rights with my children?  I need advice on how to go about getting partial custody or visitation rights with my children? She has also petitioned the court to move my children out of state. I received papers to decline the move but I would be all for the move under certain conditions were we could work out visits or something. She has had papers wrote up with the Atty that I used for my custody hearing, the paper states that visitations are as agreed upon by both parents when I call to visit them it is declined or calls are never answered I have not seen them since Feb 2012. Please help! Thank you	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I be released from a home rental agreement because of a family emergency?  Can I be released from a home rental agreement because of a family emergency?  I gave them a check yesterday, but a family emergency developed today and I will need the money for that.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If I have sole custody of my children, can I move out of the state and just return for the trial date?	Family Questions	Tennessee
Employer have to pay meal allowances if they provide lodging with a place to prepare meals? Does an employer have to pay meal allowances if they are providing lodging with a place to prepare meals?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	California
What happens to money in a trust if the project is not started? What happens to money in a trust if the project is not started?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is there Liability if you have an easement on your property? Is there Liability if you have an easement on your property?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can we ride four-wheelers on my property when my girlfriend's ex says we can't? I am dating a mother of an 8 and 10 year old. We would like to ride four-wheelers on my property. Her ex-husband says they legally can't. I want to know if they can, or I have heard the only way they can is for her to own the property. Is there a way in either situation they can or a way to show here as a leasee? Or even part ownership if that is the case?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
What can I do with a sister-in-law won't cooperate with handing over the vehicle when I paid for it? I purchased a vehicle from my sister in law & I paid for it in cash, but I didn't get a receipt. I do have the title, however. She now refuses to go and transfer the title into my name because of  an argument she's having with her sister (my wife) . We had a verbal agreement that as soon as I got the money we would go and do the transfer.  We live in Pennsylvania. What can I do?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
How to get out of my lease if I'm having issues with my roommate who is bullying me? I am having issues with my roommate harassing me and bullying me. I am trying to get out of my lease. I need help.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
In the state of Illinois if I stop paying my mortgage and leave my house can my Mortgage holder garnish my pension? In the state of Illinois if I stop paying my mortgage and leave my house can my Mortgage holder garnish my pension?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
How to I file a suit against my neighbor for damages when he beat me up? I got beat up by a neighbor. How to I file a suit against him for damages?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What can I do about a Discriminating Mobile Home Park Manager? What can I do about a Discriminating Mobile Home Park Manager?	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I have a good chance of winning in small claims court against my former roommate who failed to pay most months? I had a roommate for a year. We were both equal on the lease. She failed to pay most months and owes me $3,300. Do I have a good chance of winning in small claims court?	Leasing Questions	Mississippi
Is there any way to get out of a secured car title loan? Is there any way to get out of a secured car title loan?	Consumer Questions	California
If court orders cell phone records can they get list of the I.P. addresses I have visited? If court orders cell phone records can they get list of the I.P. addresses I have visited?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can I act as my General Contractor to build my house and hire non-licensed persons to do the work? In California, can I act as my General Contractor to build my house and hire non-licensed persons to do the work under my direction? I will issue 1099 for tax purposes and disclose all payments to various workers and show material costs separately. Is it legal to hire any body who does not have a license if not can you refer me to the law. I understand there is a lot of risk on my part hiring non-licensed personnel but apart from that is it legal or not?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What to do if I had an invalid marriage and I need an annulment? What to do if I had an invalid marriage and I need an annulment?	Family Questions	Michigan
Does NY have a law with conditions about terminating an employee for abandonment of job?  Does New York state have a law with conditions about terminating an employee for abandonment of job? If so where can I  find it online and can an employee be terminated for one no call no show?	Employment Questions	New York
Can an employer ask to look in personal belongings i.e. car, purse?
 Can an employer ask to look in personal belongings i.e. car, purse?	Employment Questions	California
What to do if my mother has many medical problems and needs help writing checks & reading mail? I have a mother who is 86. She has many medical problems and has advanced cataracts and needs help writing checks, reading mail, and depends on someone to buy her groceries. What can I do?	Family Questions	Florida
What are the chances of me getting half physical custody of my son if I go back to court? Hi I live in California and I share legal custody with my son's father for about a yr now but he has had physical custody over him for about a yr also and during this time I've been having him from Friday 6pm till Sunday 6pm. I want to be able to have him more days with him. And well my question is what are the chances of me getting half physical custody of my son if I go back to court?	Family Questions	California
Am I eligible for students who want papers in order to keep studying if I'm 14 and born in Mexico? I'm 14 and I was born in Mexico in December 5th 1997. I would like to know if I am eligible for students who want papers in order to keep studying?	Immigration Questions	California
How much can your rent be increased at a single time? How much can your rent be increased at a single time?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can a tenant withholding rent when tenant orally told landlord to fix the house but landlord failed to do it? Can a tenant withholding rent when tenant orally told landlord to fix the house but landlord failed to do it?	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if I told my neighbors that son's sleeping and they drunkenly flipped me off and cursed at me? Over the weekend my boy was sleeping and the neighbors were drinking and being loaded. I said something to the owner that my son was sleeping and if they could be a bit quieter. He started cursing and flipped me the middle finger. I called the law and advised them that my 4-year-old son saw him flip the bird and I felt this was indecent behavior to a minor. What are my choices in this matter?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Does overtime count when the county is determining child support amount? In the state of California does overtime count when the county is determining child support amount?	Family Questions	California
What do I do if the city revoke my work permit and want to tear it down? I have the deed to an old house.  I spent money on fixing it so I can resell it.  I have an engineer's report that says it is structurally sound.  So why does the city revoke my work permit and want to tear it down?  What do I do?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I have been a Full time employee for 12 yrs and know i am not getting my hours?
 What to do if I have been a Full time employee for 12 yrs and know i am not getting my hours?	Employment Questions	California
What right does the owner of the company have to call and demand anything of me? My former employer has called me for months requesting that I email them marketing material I created for their company that they have misplaced or lost.  This week I billed them for 1/2 an hour of my time because the requests have far exceeded professional courtesy. Now the owner of the company is harassing me and verbally abusing me. What right does she have to call and demand anything of me?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Should I incorporate a tech business in DE or CA? Should I incorporate a tech business in DE or CA?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
What kind of letter can I type up that won't give my mom custody of my daughter? My daughter is staying with my mother in Ohio. What kind of letter can I type up that won't give her custody of her but my permission to get her into school and any medical needs? I have full custody of her but I am out of town for work so that's why she is staying with my mom, and also without going to court.	Family Questions	Kentucky
I wanted to know how long an accident settlement takes? I wanted to know how long an accident settlement takes?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Is there time frame to finalize estate once taxes paid? Once the estate taxes are paid, is there a designated time frame in which an estate must be finalized?	Tax Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What is a neck scar worth if I got burned at work? I got burned at work. I now have a 2 inch by 2 inch scar at on my neck. I am a 40-year-old female. The insurance company wants to settle. What is a neck scar worth?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Question regarding my former employee filing UI benefits after she walked out on her job in August? My former employee filed UI benefits after she walked out on her job in August.  She gave her notice to quit on the phone because she was written up for her poor work performance for the second time. In the write up, we stated to move her to a lower position with less responsibility and it pays $8.5/hr which is 50 cents less than $9/hr.  Does she qualify for UI benefits ?	Employment Questions	California
How do I file final divorce papers in California if I have been legally separated for 10 years? I have been legally separated for 10 years.  How do I file final divorce papers in California?	Family Questions	California
What remedy do I have to seek restitution and legal sanctions for attempted harm by employer? My employer set me up to fail by an act of sabotage, which was successful in causing an industrial accident. I feel this was a criminal act and an attempt to injure me and/or my career, which it did. What remedy do I have to seek restitution and legal sanctions, for attempted murder? I say this because I could have been killed or horribly injured if the 850lb. motorcycle would have fallen on to me. I was fortunate it fell away from me and not on me. Due to the intentional willful malevolent misconduct act of installing a known faulty piece of equipment (wheel vise) onto my lift while I was out for cancer removal surgery.  I have filed with the EEOC need some help to seek and get justice..	Employment Questions	California
What to do if I am getting a bill after my bankruptcy that is a part of my filling? What to do if I am getting bill after my bankruptcy that is a part of my filling?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can I sue doctor for a punctured spline as the result of a colonoscopy? Can I sue doctor for a punctured spline as the result of a colonoscopy?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
I'm not a citizen. I'm renting a room, signed a lease until the end of Dec. Now landlord wants me out at the end of Oct. Landlord said she has a new partner and she said she will void the lease. She didn't give me an eviction notice. What can I do?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions	New York
Can tenant break lease without telling landlord? I rented a house to a tenant on Nov. 7, 2011. She paid $525.00 for rent and gave $700.00 security, sign a lease for 1 year. As of today they moved out without telling me. Can someone break a lease just like that?  What right do I have?  Can I ask for rent for the length of the lease?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions	South Carolina
What rights do I have for leasing contract?  I am renting a property from a cousin of the owner. The cousin is refusing to produce power of attorney to show that the owner authorized him to sign or rent the property for him. What rights do I have? What documents can I ask for?	Leasing Questions	Ohio
If I gave a holding fee of $100 and then $400 security deposit and never moved in, can I get my security deposit back? I never signed anything.	Leasing Questions	California
Looking for a personal injury lawyer to step in for trial as I was misrepresented by my previous law firm? I'm looking for a personal injury lawyer to step in for trial as I was misrepresented by my previous law firm after two years of filing a law suit.	Personal Injury Questions	California
Should I get something in writing stating my husband will pay that to me? I am separated from my husband after 20 yrs of marriage. I just quit claimed a house we own in Oregon so that I don't have to be involved with him with finances, but I want my $40,000 down payment out of it if we sell later. Should I get something in writing stating he will pay that to me?	Real Estate Questions	California
How much should I ask for after I fell in a hole while walking my dog?  How much pain and suffering should I ask for after I fell in a hole while walking my dog? I suffered a sprain wrist knee and ankle.	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Can my nephew force me to sell if he wants half of the property I live at including rent for the past 20 years? My nephew wants half of the property i live at including rent for the past 20 years. Can he force me to sell?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can books be used to make test questions without author or publisher consent? We are writing a certification test using facts and theories from several textbooks. In order not to infringe on copyright, do we need to gain permission from each book's author/publisher to cite their works and base questions on their works? Is normally a free process?	Copyright Questions	Texas
Denied the permanent resident status & entrance to USA after 10-month period of staying abroad? Can I be denied the permanent resident status and entrance to USA after a period of 10 months of staying abroad?	Immigration Questions	Pennsylvania
What are my options if my brother stole everything from my father and is now in debt? My brother was living with my father taking care of him.  Over the course of about a year and a half, he has completely stolen every dime, and not paid a single bill for months.  Sadly, my dad trusted him and put his name on the bank accounts, but there are other accounts--retirement, 401, etc, that my dad feels he didn't give permission for.  EVERYTHING is gone.  Our concern now is all this debt.  His pension and ss checks will keep him in the house, barely, but there is all this debt and past due stuff.  What are my options?  I have the paperwork for POA, and can take care of that next week.	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Can we legally give a notice that we are leaving without a signed lease? We currently lease a commercial building which operate a child care center. We have leased this building for. 16 years. However the lease payment us so we no longer can afford the payment and are looking to down size. My question, we paid rent to man who now his children have taken over and we never sign a lease with them I make the check out to a family enterprise instead of their father. They told me they would have a new drawn up that was four months. Are we leasing with a formal signed lease with the family enterprise? Can we legally give a notice that we are leaving without a signed lease?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New Jersey
legal to move out in short notice?  Our landlord of nearly 11 years had his attorney write up a notice demanding that we move out in five days.  Isn't it illegal of him to give us this short amount of time? I thought it was at least 30 days.	Leasing Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my husband file for divorce for abandonment if we live in separate states due to jobs? My husband and I are talking to live in separate states due to a job and board exam circumstance. In case we take that decision, Can he file for divorce for abandonment (he will be living in a house that is already paid, bought during our marriage, and it is under his name)?	Family Questions	California
If the apartment building I reside at changes owners and the property manager won't give us contact information, is it legal? I live in an apartment building that has recently changed owners. We (residents) hadn't been informed of this change until we had to pay rent. I've tried to talk to the property manager and she will not tell me who owns it or give me the phone number. Is this legal?	Leasing Questions	Missouri
Does the secondary resident have the right to just enter without my permission? I am a co-home owner and I occupy the residence.  I am also the primary name on the deed.  My question is does the secondary have the right to just enter without my permission?  If so, what are my rights as the resident?	Real Estate Questions	New York
QSBS considerations when changing from S-Corp to C-Corp. We are a small 100% founder owned startup that is currently an S-Corp. To accommodate additional investors we will be changing to a C-Corp in the next couple of months.   Our allocated shares as an S-Corp would not qualify for QSBS...but should we authorize and issue more stock as a C-corp to the founders that would qualify for QSBS?  What would be the best way to take advantage of QSBS for us as founders during the conversion from S-Corp to C-Corp	Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	California
When it does go to court for divorce settlement, what are the chances that I'll have to pay an equal amount?  I'm separated. I plan to pay for mortgage on house & allow wife to stay in the house w/ kids. This however is an agreement the two of us have worked out, nothing documented thru court.  Eventually when it does go to court for divorce settlement, what are the chances that I'll have to pay an equivalent amount? (thinking high if I've already show an established pattern). Please advice.	Family Questions	California
What can be done about not upholding to the contract? I signed a contract to rent a property with the condition that the house undergo remodeling. I have about three weeks left of my deposit at my current residence and the landlord will not let me extend my stay any longer. However, I refuse to move in to a property with bad living conditions. What legal action can I take to hold the landlord whom I signed the new contract with, accountable for what she said she would do?	Leasing Questions	California
Do we still need to pay our landlord since the property is on short sale? The property I am renting right now is in short sale. Do we still need to pay our landlord since the property is on short sale?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding my term as an office manager for an LLC company? I live in Fresno, California.  I am the office manager for an L.L.C. company.  I just found out that one of the employee the owner hired has had his pay rate dropped, then raised, then dropped again.  But the employee in question, is now having to deal with the IRS.  The IRS stating that the numbers on his W-2 and check stubs are not matching up. And his return is being held up and they are taking the difference from the return.  Will this action cause the business any harm? This is very disturbing to me, and I am deciding if I should remain with the company.  And is this a good enough reason to collect unemployment?	Employment Questions	California
/questions/c71cb1f45a/if-contractually-obligated-to-pay-builders-legal-f/

What to do if my employer discriminated against me for improper considerations of my health condition? I feel my employer, the Lawrence Livermore National Lab, breached my implied contract for continued employment and also wrongfully discriminated against me for improper considerations of my health conditions.  The lab is in Alameda County, CA and I have a longer detailed set of facts to consider if I have a case.  Can you find an employment attorney to review my case?Steven Moore (925) 292-0784 or Content_1@hotmail.com	Employment Questions	California
I am renting a house and yard on a farm. My landlord sent me a letter telling me that I must remove my back up vehicle and my camper (with a permanent plate) because they claim I don't use it anymore, I only use it once or twice a year. Can they force me to remove these items?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can we be forced to sign off our life use if we are not living there? I like in NYS and me and my mother have life use of an apartment. I had to out my mother in a nursing home and  have since moved out. the person who owns the house now wants us to sign off our life use. My question is even if we are not living there now do we lose our life use or can we be forced to sign off our life use if we are not living there?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Legally in Ca what are the duties of a special master? Legally in Ca what are the duties of a special master?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Question regarding my wife entering into an LLC; a restaurant, without a written operating agreement? My wife entered into an LLC; a restaurant, without a written operating agreement. Verbally agreed to a 50/50 partnership, and the LLC members continued ownership of the resources they brought. Now her partner has blocked her from most areas of the business including online bank account, employee scheduling, bill paying, ordering food, etc. He has had a large number of NSF checks (payroll and other) that she is not allowed to view unless she goes to a bank branch.There's MUCH more to the story, but, she now wishes to leave the LLC, but, wants to take her equipment with her since it was never owned by the LLC - was purchased for a prior successful restaurant which she closed to enter into the new partnership.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What are my rights on paying them back if my job overpaid me on one paycheck? My job overpaid me on one paycheck. What are my rights on paying them back?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is it legal to be fired from a job with no warnings whatsoever? Is it legal to be fired from a job with no warnings whatsoever?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Question about occupancy in mobile home? I owe a mobile home and pay rent space. I am allowed for 5 person to live in my home according to my contract, I am the only living in the mobile home now, and I having 2 person come live with me for a few month. Do I have a right to have these 2 persons come live in my place?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can a company claim 92 hours as regular time out of a 93-hour work period? can a company  claim 92 hrs as regular time out of a 93 hr work period? I thought 80 hours every 2 weeks was the limit.	Employment Questions	California
We want to show a movie for a fund raiser for our School at Barnes and Noble to children.  A Christmas movie like Frosty or something.  I understand there are copyright laws in public forums such as this?  How could we show one? None	Copyright Questions	Minnesota
Should broker ABC get part commission if contracts were executed when I was working for Broker XYZ? I m a Realtor. I had 3 contracts initiated while working for Broker ABC. The contracts were executed when I already was working for Broker XYZ. Should broker ABC get part of the commission?Thank you!	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can the landlord evict my friend who was in a fire accident  because he is unable to make it back home to pay his rent? I have a friend who was in a fire accident and is in the hospital at Pittsburgh burn center. Can the landlord evict him because he is unable to make it back home to pay his rent.	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
If a witness uses the words  looked to be or appears to be, does that mean that they are 100% sure? If a witness uses the words  looked to be or appears to be dose that mean that they are 100% sure?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
if I marry someone who owes the IRS money will I be legally obligated to pay the back tax and fines too? if I marry someone who owes the IRS money will I be legally obligated to pay the back tax and fines too?	Tax Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I receive my unemployment if I got fired for going to jail in Georgia? Can I receive my unemployment if I got fired for going to jail in Georgia?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What is the maximum sentence for theft but all was returned before charges we filed? What is the maximum sentence for theft of 5000 dollars from a former employer but only 1000 dollars of merchandise was caught on camera but all was returned before charges we filed	Criminal Questions	Illinois
if someone was convicted of a crime in which there was no evidence can that stick? if someone was convicted of a crime in which there was no evidence can that stick?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
How to dispute contract mistakenly signed as packing slip? if someone gave me a packing slip to sign and I did not read it and later found out that it was a contract for the sale of software that was sent to us as a trial how can i dispute this?  The delivery guy gave me a packing slip....I thought. Now, the bill is outrageous.	Contract Questions	Texas
Does CA have a Romeo & Juliet law? Does CA have a Romeo & Juliet law? My son is 18 and just graduated high school this year. His girlfriend is only 16. Is it ok for 2 of them to date or is this against the law?	Family Questions	California
Can I trademark my company name? Can I trademark my company name?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Colorado
On a quit claim deed can owners own different percents of said property? On a quit claim deed can owners own different percents of said property?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Can my dad sue if I own a house that my dad signed over to me & now he wants me to sign them back? I own a house that my dad signed over to me about 9 years ago and now he wants me to sign them back to him and I won't. He said he is going to sue me. Can he do that?	Real Estate Questions	California
If my 17-year-old son is dating a 23 year old is there legally anything i can do? If my 17-year-old son is dating a 23 year old is there legally anything i can do?	Family Questions	Georgia
How do I obtain info that I don't live in the USA/Florida? My start up business is registered in Jamaica and my plan is to distribute products manufactured by a company in Florida to a large retailer registered in San Diego with stores in Jamaica and the Caribbean and also to resell in Jamaica myself. The  manufacturer whose products I wish to distribute has asked for resale certification as part of the distributor application process. What does this mean? How do I obtain such given I don't live in the USA/Florida?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	08
Who has rights to dead roommate's belongings if no living blood family or will? Our roommate died and he has no living blood family nor a will. Who has rights to the stuff he left behind? Our landlord or the tenants or some one else?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
If my job position is eliminated do I have to take what is open or can I refuse? If my job position is eliminated do I have to take what is open or can I refuse?	Employment Questions	Georgia
According to MI law please define exclusive use/possession/occupancy of the marital home? My JOD awarded me exclusive use & occupancy of marital home up & until foreclosure. My ex came here w/o warning or permission removing items he was awarded. Our JOD reads: husband has 30 days from date of JOD to ARRANGE with wife a Time/Date to remove the property granted to him from the homeHe stated because he is also on the deed he could enter on/in the property @ any time & he didn't need to ask or notify me & that exclusive use/occupancy only prevents him moving back in.Can he show up when he wants & do what he wants under the pretense of obtaining his personal property?I am trying to maintain a sense of security for our children & myself.According to MI law please define exclusive use/possession/occupancy of the marital home?	Family Questions	Michigan
If I have full custody of my kids and we never made a custody agreement through the courts, what do I need to know? I have full custody of my kids & we never made a custody agreement through the courts. I need to know what to do when he wants to take the kids. Do I let him take them or should I wait tell it goes through court? My kids are 2 and 5 and he has never taken them with out me being around them.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
If someone is getting evicted for no exact reason is there any way to get more time? If someone is getting evicted in 30 for no exact reason is there any way to get more time if not able to move within the 30 day period?	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I have the right to ask that the property be cleaned before I move in?  Do I have the right to ask that the property be cleaned before I move in?  Carpet, floors, bathrooms, appliances yard all be cleaned.  The last renters that moved out did not clean the property before they left.	Real Estate Questions	Arizona
Is a beneficiary of a Trust legally entitled? In Missouri, is a beneficiary of a Trust legally entitled to a receive a copy of the Trust if it is changed?	Family Questions	Missouri
How easy is to file for a divorce if there's a child in between? How easy is to file for a divorce if there's a child in between?	Family Questions	California
How can I sell small wooden hand-made clocks without trademark infringement of the Mercedes logo? I would like to make and sell small wooden hand-made clocks, decorative signs and wall hangings with the Mercedes-benz star logo.  How can I do this without trademark infringement?  Could there be a way to pay royalties on each item sold, or some other such method? Thanks	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Oregon
MCM said I owe $900.00 & the original bill was $250.00 with the interest adding up. Can they do that? If I owe sears $250.00 & I didn't make payments so sears sends it to a collection agency and the the collection agency  charges me say 900 dollars? Is that legal? MCM said I owe $900.00 & the original bill was $250.00. They said it was interest adding up. Can they do that?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Is holding personal items for money legal? My mom's personal belongings are being held by an ex until she pays him $3500. Is what he's doing illegal because he figures she owes him?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What can I do to get my father back to the United States legally? when he was deported? My father was deported from the United States about four years ago. I'm going to be 18 in a couple of months. He has told me that I can do something to return him back to the United States when I turned 18. What can I do to get him back to the United States legally?	Immigration Questions	California
Can u get deported if you have custody of a American citizen child? Can you get deported if you have custody of an American citizen child?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
If the papers were served in October 2011, when is the divorce considered legally done?  I filed for divorce in the state of California, the papers were served in October 2011. When is the divorce considered legally done? I heard it was six months and one day. But apparently there is another set of papers that need to be filed. Does that mean that in the eyes of the law I am not divorced yet?	Family Questions	California
Legal divorce if my husband filed without my knowledge and signed the divorce document? My husband filed a divorce without my knowledge and he signed the divorce document for me without me knowing it. Is this a legal divorce?	Family Questions	California
Do we have rights for visitation if our grandson is put in foster care? My grandson is possibly going to be taken from my son and we would like to no if we have rights for visitation if he is put in foster care.	Family Questions	Michigan
Is the buyer responsible for the storage fee till they pick it up? I sold a motorcycle 2 months ago and its bin stored in a garage owned by someone else and I was paying 300.00 a month to store it there.  is the buyer responsible for the storage fee till they pick it up?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
As a salaried ranch hand what are my rights for time off? As a salaried ranch hand what are my rights for time off? I have to work 6 days a week and be on call the 7th day. No other salaried worker is asked to do this I am on call 24/7 but get paid for 40 a week.	Employment Questions	Colorado
Legal if my husband is refusing me money from our joint account and will take me to court? My husband have a joint account. When I was working I directly deposited my paycheck into our account. However, he said that I was spending too much money, and so he took my card. I signed up for another account on my own. I have been out of work for 3 weeks and I needed something. He refuses to give me any money. I used the old account (remembered numbers and date). He is telling me that he will take me to court and have me pay back the money that I put on this card. Is this legal?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I stop receiving unemployment and deductions to be taken out? I have been paying child support arrears, and recently called Tallahassee to see how much more was owed. Was told case was closed and paid in full. I am receiving unemployment and deductions are still being taken out. How do I get this to stop?	Family Questions	Florida
Is there a way to take a fee for our services and then send the rest directly to the nonprofit, without the money having to go through our organization?  We are a for-profit business that will be accepting donations from users on behalf of nonprofits. Is there a way to take a fee for our services and then send the rest directly to the nonprofit, without the money having to go through our organization? We want donors to be able to receive the tax credit since it is a donation; they would simply be donating through our site.	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	26
Is it a vote by the shareholders or the board members regarding selling the building? I own 62 shares in a three owner co-op with 102 shares.  Each of the other members own 20 shares.  They want to sell the building.  I don't.  They want to vote on this proposal.  Is this a vote by the shareholders or the board members?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I be charged with grand larceny if the person got their money back? Can I be charged with grand larceny if the person got their money back?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How do we sign to close my late mother's bank accounts, car titles, etc.? My mother died.  How do we sign to close her bank accounts, car title, etc.?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
True CA is one state that convictions disclosure has a time limit of 7 years unless the job requires it? Is it true CA is one state that convictions disclosure has a time limit of 7 years unless the job description requires it?	Employment Questions	California
Can I write the lawsuit off on a schedule C? I am 50% owner of a company. I do not believe the other 50% owner is keeping some of the profits. I started a lawsuit. Can I deduct legal fees? This lawsuit is on going since 2008. No end to the money I must spend. Can I write this off on a schedule C?	Employment Questions	New York
Do I need to have another will prepared in Florida?  I live in Florida. I had my will prepared and filed for safe keeping at the clerk's office in Alexandria, VA in 1993 when I lived there. Do I need to have another will prepared in Florida? Do I need to have the one from Virginia "ratified" in Florida?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
With Florida vandalism law, what is the potential punishment if convicted of vandalism? With Florida vandalism law, what is the potential punishment if convicted of vandalism?	Criminal Questions	Florida
What Can I do about a Garnishment  from a creditor I paid years ago & the company went out of Business? What Can I do about a Garnishment  from a creditor I paid years ago & the company went out of Business?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Question regarding creating a startup? Hi,I would like to create a startup but I have one big concern in mind. The startup will be dealing with financial advising and consultation in NY. Now, I know that if I work for a financial company, in order for me to be able to talk with the public and offer advise, I must have certain licenses. Does it also hold if the person gives online advise and if the person is not employed by any company (not even my employee)? Thanks.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
How do I finish my divorce if I served my husband and yet he hasn't responded to anything? If I have had my husband served and he didn't respond and I have filed everything myself, what do I do to finish the divorce?	Family Questions	California
Can kids stay with stepfather instead of biological if stated in will? If I was to die and stated in my will that the two oldest children stay with their stepfather and other siblings or do they have to stay with their biological father that has nothing to do with them or supported them in 4.5 years?	Family Questions	Florida
Bank charges fee after home appraisal. i recently applied for a loan modification with my bank and since my home appraised for less than what I paid, the bank is asking for an up front fee of 1.5 %. Is this legal? I am looking for a loan modification due to financial difficulties so paying an up front fee is not possible.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a contract be canceled if done within 3 days? Signed a contract to buy a sight at Woodhaven Lakes. Its a sight you put a trailer on, but can only stay 183 days a year.  Can the contract be canceled if done within 3 days?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Correct if a business is downgrading the percentage because of tax reduction? Someone is willing to give me 10 percent of his business because of the work that I have to do for him. Lately he changed 10 percent to 8 percent because he's saying if I get 10 percent of his business I have to pay a lot of taxes. Is that right?	Tax Questions	California
What is the law if I filed my federal taxes via e-file and my wife at the time filed joint? What is the law if I filed my federal taxes via e-file and my wife at the time filed joint? I initially agreed to and then changed my mind, and filed married filing separate. My e-file was being processed by IRS when they received her mailed joint filing. My e-file was then rejected and her mailed filing accepted.	Tax Questions	Louisiana
Can an employer transfer me without my consent? Can an employer transfer me without my consent?	Employment Questions	California
Do I take a half hour break if I work in assisted living home? I work in an assisted living home and I'm cooking and care giving. Do I have to take a half hour break?	Employment Questions	California
I would like to write trivia questions about specific movies and tv shows and sell decks of trivia cards for each one. Will I need to get the studios permission to sell these? Keep in mind I wouldn't be using any images owned by others. Just trivia questions I wrote about the subjects.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Media & Entertainment Questions,Trademark Questions	Texas
Can I still get divorced if my wife won't sign the papers? Can I still get divorced if my wife won't sign the papers I'm training for the pass 8 years?	Immigration Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an immigrant after 10 years in the US with an expired visa apply for residency in any way possible?  Can an immigrant after 10 years of being in the US with an expired visa apply for residency in any way possible? Thank you for answer.	Immigration Questions	Florida
Legal in CA if my 16-year-old daughter is dating a 19-year-old and we're okay with it? My daughter who is 16 is dating a 19-year-old and we are okay with it. Is it legal in CA?	Family Questions	California
If we had a 2-year lease & we are moving, do we have to pay for the 2nd year since we lived there 1 year? If we had a 2-year lease and now we are moving, do we have to pay for the 2nd year since we lived there 1 year?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What steps do I take if we have never been to court to even state custody? I am 18 and have a 3 year old son me and the mother are not married she was letting me see him and keep him every other weekend and now she wont because I had another child. What can I legally do? What steps do I take we have never been to court to even state custody? I'm in Florida? Thank you.	Family Questions	Florida
What are squatters rights in California? What are squatters rights in California?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it a crime to falsify your marriage license?
 Is it a crime to falsify your marriage license?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can my mom give me money if she goes into a home and she makes thirty three hundred a month? I have been my mom's caretaker for eight years and I have a back disability. Can my mom give me money if she goes into a home and she makes thirty three hundred a month?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Can I still be covered under my ex-husband's insurance?
 Can I still be covered under my ex-husband's insurance?	Family Questions	Florida
Do I have to pay rent now that I have become ill due to Pneumonia from the mold that my landlord won't fix? I have mold in my apartment and my landlord won't fix it. Do I have to pay rent now that I have become ill to Pneumonia from the mold?	Personal Injury Questions	California
If someone were to decompose the composition into clips, would that be a violation of copyright laws? I'm recording the individual strings of a guitar as separate clips at a studio.  Subsequently, I plan on composing (on the computer) a short composition using these individual clips.  From my understanding, I would be the copyright holder of my composition.  However, would I also be the copyright holder of the recordings of the individual clips?  In other words, if someone were to decompose the composition into the original clips, and reuse those clips in their own composition - would that be a violation of copyright laws?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Is it possible for one of my parents to take the sum out if I am under the age of 18? Currently my parents have a savings account but I wish to take a portion of it out for personal reasons. Is it possible for one of my parents to take the sum out if I am under the age of 18?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Car damaged from neighbor remodeling house. I noticed there were spots or cement on my car, & my neighbor confirmed it. There is a house being remodeled next door so I bought it to their attention immediately. My neighbor started trying to take it off with his finger nail with no damage to the paint. Now there are scratches. What should I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
When filing an accident claim is the insurance company suppose to offer you double the doctor's bill? When filing an accident claim is the insurance company suppose to offer you at least double the doctor's bill?	Personal Injury Questions	North Carolina
What are my rights if we entered into a real estate contract and now they backing out? We entered into a real estate contract for purchase of a manufactured home.  She agreed to give us a Note secured by the home for $15,000.  We are one day away from closing and she is getting cold feet--not letting us come in for final walk through.  She is wanting credit reports at this late date, etc.  (not a condition of the loan).  What are my rights?  Breach of Contract, suit for specific performance?  She isn't living on the property, she lives three hours away.  What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	California
If I'm not a legal resident but have a ITIN not a SSN and played and win the mega million, can I claim my winnings? If I'm not a legal resident but have a ITIN not a SSN and played and win the mega million, can I claim my winnings?	Consumer Questions	New York
Can the person be charged with theft if the camera caught them outside the hallway? If an item is missing from a room in an office (no video camera in the room) but a hallway camera outside the room shows a known person leaving from that room with their handbag and the item is now discovered missing - can that person be charged with the theft of the missing item?	Criminal Questions	New York
What to do if after I signed a lease for apt, they raised the price? I signed a lease for apt after viewing a model. They said mine would be exactly like the one viewed for $877/mo it had W/D in unit, after I signed lease.They called back to say sorry it will be $50 more a month for W/D. They made the mistake.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Is a contract for construction legal if there is no date as to when it should be completed? Is a contract for construction legal and binding in Pennsylvania if there is no date as to when it should be completed?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How to drop domestic battery if both parties injured and no arrests? There was a domestic battery where both parties have injuries. One person is out on bail for something else. Nobody is arrested that night. Is there anyway for you to drop it through the state?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions	Florida
How much time after signing allowed to break contract in CA? How many days does a person have to break a contract? I believe it is 72 hours after signing in California.	Contract Questions	New York
How can a ban person(s) from my place of business when I lease the property and the building? How can a ban person(s) from my place of business when I lease the property and the building?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
If my State issued I.D. has just expired, can I be denied employment?  If my State issued I.D. has just expired, can I be denied employment? When can I still use it to board a commercial airplane or enter a federal building?	Employment Questions	Florida
After 4 years can state garnish wages? After 4 years can state garnish wages?	Tax Questions	Colorado
If you drive your own car for a business and you get mileage can you be forced to carpool? If you drive your own car for a business and you get mileage can you be forced to carpool?	Employment Questions	Colorado
What is the minimum to maximum amount of money that can be awarded  through mediation against  corporate office for wrongful eviction, mental anguish & civil penalties per adult and child involved?  This is a housing discrimination question.  What is the minimum to maximum amount of money that can be asked/ awarded  through mediation against  corporate office for wrongful eviction, mental anguish & civil penalties per adult and child involved?  (Ask to leave because over occupancy of a disabled new born and yes they were aware).	Leasing Questions	California
Can the landlord make you move out if you stay in an apartment with a relative, but you're not on their lease? If you stay in an apartment with a relative, but you're not on their lease, can the landlord make you move out?	Real Estate Questions	New York
I found a website for an art studio in GA, selling prints of "Student Work". On the sales page I found a digital copy of a painting I made. I have given this studio no consent to use this work, and I have not been contacted for my consent. I have creative commons licenses on it. Can I sue?	Commercial Questions,Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Internet Law Questions,Litigation Law Questions	North Carolina
/questions/a42e53d2cd/aunt-visa-Brazilr/

If parent is paying child support weekly through court can the the other ask to have the payments increased? If a non custodial parent is already paying child support on a weekly basis through court can the custodial parent go to court and ask to have the payments increased ?	Family Questions	New York
Can article written in 1984 still be under copyright? Would an article written for a Massachusetts newspaper in 1984 still be under copyright restriction of the contents of such a publication?	Copyright Questions	New Hampshire
Can a person be forced to take an unpaid vacation? Can a person be forced to take an unpaid vacation because my boss is shutting the office down to take his vacation?	Employment Questions	California
Question regarding cutting hours for cell phone violations? I work for pizza hut. Some fellow co0workers and myself have all been written up for cell phone use violations at the same time. My boss has cut my hours for what she said was "punishment" but hasn't cut anyone else's hours that have been written up. Is this a legal action that my boss is doing to me?	Employment Questions	South Carolina
Can loan company ask for money before lending? Is it legit for a loan company to ask for $500 before it lends me $5k? I applied for a loan and an agency found a private lender to loan to me due to my credit, but the contract is on a plain Word doc, which I could have done myself, and they want me to send $500 to person not a business to be held.	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Texas
If a group share ownership of a small piece of land, can one pay taxes for 7 years without the rest share? If a group of family members share ownership of a small piece of land, can one of the members pay taxes for  7 years without letting the rest share the payment and thus claim the property after the 7 yrs?  He has requested the bill sent only to him and town has obliged him.  We would like to settle it just by donating the land to the city.  Or share the taxes and  not give up our parts.   Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
Can minor legally move to father's house without mother's consent? Am I legally able to move out of my mother's house and into my father's house if she does not consent and I am 15 years old?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
If I have to have surgery, does it come out of my settlement? If I have to have surgery, does it come out of my settlement?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What are my options if my ex-employer won't pay me the money that is owed to me for working? What are my options if my ex-employer won't pay me the money that is owed to me for working?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Does Michigan custody law state 100 miles as driving or straight line? Does Michigan custody law state 100 miles as driving or straight line?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Does a Wisconsin judge have jurisdiction in IL? Does a Wisconsin judge have jurisdiction in IL?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
How can I get a lawyer to help? I got hurt on a job. How can I get a lawyer to help my case?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Is my boyfriend still financially obligated to take care of our daughter if he signed over his rights? My boyfriend signed his rights over for our daughter. Is he still financially obligated to help take care of her?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Where do I go to get a Power of Attorney for property registered? Where do I go to get a Power of Attorney for property registered?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What are my rights in regards to giving my husband an ultimatum to come home and "deal" with our family issues? My husband temporarily moved out stating he needs time and his "space". It has been two weeks.  What are my rights in regards to giving him an ultimatum to come home and "deal" with our family issues or I'm changing the locks?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What are the pros/cons of putting my boyfriend's name on the title? My boyfriend and I live together in a house I own.  I am looking to purchase another home.  I have the down payment; he will contribute nothing to that.  He wants his name on the mortgage, but I'm not comfortable with that since he is bringing nothing to the table.  We will split the monthly mortgage payment & utilities.  What are the pros/cons of putting his name on the title?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
question on tort In Oklahoma, can you prove outrageous behavior if the defendant knew the plaintiff had a particular sensitivity?	Personal Injury Questions	Oklahoma
Is it legal for neighbors to video tape your home without permission in Michigan without cause? Is it legal for neighbors to video tape your home without permission in Michigan without cause?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Statutes governing supervised visitation and supervised therapeutic supervision? What are the statutes governing supervised visitation and supervised therapeutic supervision in the state of Florida	Family Questions	Florida
What is a reasonable percentage for a trustee to  claim for a Trust with assets of $1,249,500? What is a reasonable percentage for a trustee to  claim for a Trust with assets of $1,249,500 million?  This includes selling three houses, remodeling a home to prepare for sale, and three distributions to beneficiaries.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What do I need to create an online company? What do I need to create an online company?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
What to do if my husband died and I need a trust but all I have is the house, car and some stock? My husband died and I have been told I need a trust. All I have is the house, car and some stock?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can my ex take me to court if I am behind on child support? I am behind on child support. I am making payments but I am still behind. Can my ex take me to court?	Family Questions	Illinois
Am I breaking any laws by recording people's speech and conversations for learning purposes? Hello. I'm developing a program right now that should learn how to speak any language through observation. Am I breaking any laws by recording people's speech and conversations for learning purposes? If so, would I be able to get around it by having a user agreement?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Michigan
How do I give legal business rights in another country?  I'm a U.S. citizen living in America.  I have land in Jamaica and an adult daughter in jamaica. I would like my daughter to conduct the business of pertaining to my land in Jamaica.  How do I give her legal permission if we are in two different countries?	Contract Questions	Massachusetts
I am 15 and would like to know if I have any rights concerning where I attend school? I am 15 and would like to know if I have any rights concerning where I attend school?	Family Questions	Colorado
What rights does an heir have to question the actions of a power of attorney? In the state of Georgia, what rights does an heir have to question the actions of a power of attorney?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Can previous employer give info out of context for a background check? Can previous employer give information out of context to someone doing a background check for employment? I thought previous employers could only give dates of employment and if you would re-hire that employee?  Previous employer is discrediting and preventing new employment.	Employment Questions	Colorado
What do I need to do to file a hostile work environment case? What do I need to do to file a hostile work environment case? And how do I know if I even have a case at all?	Employment Questions	Rhode Island
Can staff sue for lack of promotion?	Employment Questions	New York
Can I take my ex-wife to small clams for claiming both kids on her taxes when she's only allowed one of them?  Can I take my ex-wife to small clams for claiming both kids on her taxes when she's only allowed one of them? She's been doing this for 5 years. I reported her to the IRS and they have done nothing.	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	Maine
What can I do to prosecute a man who gave my child narcotics and then said my child stole them from him? An adult friend of mine gave my child narcotic drugs and then said my child stolen them from him. What can I do to prosecute him and protect my child?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What is copyright law and how does the fair use exemption make it difficult to apply?	Copyright Questions	South Carolina
Do you have to take lunch breaks?
 Do you have to take lunch breaks?	Employment Questions	California
What to do if my ex's wife sent me a cease and desist letter from a attorney that doesn't even know her My ex husband's new wife sent me a cease and desist letter from an attorney that doesn't even know her. What are my options?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
How do I prevent a foreclosure? How do I prevent a foreclosure?	Real Estate Questions	California
How many hours do you work before getting a break in PA? How many hours do you work before getting a break in PA?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I legally leave home with my son without getting in trouble? I am currently 17 and half and I have a 2 and half year old son. I live in Harrisburg pa, my question is can I legally leave home with my son without getting in trouble?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What should I do if I have a very low income and can't hire a Lawyer?
 What should I do if I have a very low income and can't hire a Lawyer?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can you sue a private person if they owe  $17000? Can you sue a private person if they owe  $17000?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
Can a partner be removed from a business checking account in the state of Florida without his/her consent? Can a partner be removed from a business checking account in the state of Florida without his/her consent? The business is set up two partners 49/51 % and the 51% partner removed the 49% as signor on the account (8 years old).	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Does filing separation for divorce release me from any debt following filing? Does filing a legal sepration for divorce release me from any debt that is gained on either part after the seperation papers have been filed? We live in Idaho.	Family Questions	Idaho
I am representing myself in process of divorce. I have two children, the minor has autism. Can I reject to appear in front a magistrate and request our case to be handle for a judge?	Family Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Florida
Can I sue agent and trusstee for trying to sell my house without a court order? Can I sue agent and trusstee for trying to sell my house without a court order?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is an estimate on what my ex should be paying monthly for child support? I have two children with a man that makes about $3000.00 net per month and I make about $2500.00 net per month, but he also has two other children with someone else. What is an estimate on what he should be paying monthly for child support? Will it make a difference on what he pays for child support for my two kids? (he's not paying child support for the other two children at this time)	Family Questions	Florida
Am I entitled to a portion to a retirement portfolio if I am the spouse? I am married for 16 years. My husband has been contributing our money to his retirement portfolio over our marriage and it has grown since we married. Am I entitled to a portion of it?	Family Questions	New Jersey
Do I have a case if my boss is dating my co-worker's mother and shows favoritism? My boss is dating one of my co workers mother. Now he is showing favoritism and giving raises to her. Plus my boss has not been paying me above board he is not paying taxes on my income.  Do I have a case?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If I quit will I be able to collect unemployment because the terms of the job have changed? I am employed as an exempt manager. I have been working at the same facility for 9.5 years. I have worked 7 to 3 for most of this time with minor exceptions. My employer wants to change my hours to 12 hr. days or shorter days but 7 days a week. Can they do this as I don't think I can physically do the job due to a medical condition and age. If I quit will I be able to collect unemployment because the terms of the job have changed?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
digitize all of my legal/financial documents? I'd like to digitize all of my legal/financial documents and save them on digital media so that they can be grabbed quickly in the event of an emergency.. Can they all be done as images? Or, is a document format best? I'm inclined to do them as images since documents can be more easily altered. What format(s) would be admissible if I need to use them? Thanks!	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I get spousal support? Can I get spousal support?	Employment Questions	Virginia
In the state of Florida, can a private citizen file an appeal on a civil case, without the aid of an attorney? In the state of Florida, can a private citizen file an appeal on a civil case, without the aid of an attorney? If so, how is this done?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
I have two other roommates and one was just recently arrested and he is moving back home. He is still paying his rent but not utilities. Should he have to keep paying utilities? Also does he have any right to what we do with his room? None	Contract Questions,Family Questions	Indiana
Can you display the original manufacturer's product with removal? If you want to sell an aftermarket product can you display the original manufacturer's product as long as you remove all the original marks or brand identifiers?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Pennsylvania
We are buying a vacation rental property in NC for investment/personal use.  Our realtor mentioning putting it into an LLC just prior to close with the same lawyer handling the close (an attorney in NC)  Should the LLC be in the state we reside in, VA or NC?  Does it matter?	Corporate Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Virginia
How important is it to file a copyright for a new website domain?  How important is it to file a copyright for a new website domain? What are the costs involved?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Spouse threatens to wind up company in divorce. I am a 45% shareholder in my husband's business. We are getting divorced & he has threatened to wind up the company so I can't get anything. We have been married for 10 years and have 2 children. I work part time in the business. Can he do this?	Bankruptcy Questions,Corporate Questions,Family Questions	New York
X-CONRAD GARCIA's Confidential Question CAN AN INDIVIDUAL SUE FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT FOR A UNION VIOLATION. FOR EXAMPLE, A TEACHER SUE A PRINCIPAL FOR NOT INFORMING HIM OF A DEROGATORY ALLIGATION IN THE FILE, IN VIOLATION OF THE UFT UNION CONTRACT?	Employment Questions	New York
Educational malpractice for approving an undefined curriculum change? Is there legal basis for parents to sue their school board for educational malpractice for approving an undefined curriculum change against the wishes of the community at large?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What type of charges can be filed if someone stole jewelery from an in-law that they resided with? What type of charges can be filed if someone stole jewelery from an in-law that they resided with?	Criminal Questions	California
If my employer gets bought by another company, can I receive unemployment? If my employer gets bought by another company, but the new company wants me to sign a more strict non-compete clause, can I receive unemployment if I do not sign it?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can the judge sentence the defendant for less if he takes into consideration of no criminal history? If there is a sentencing guidelines of 41 to 51 months, can the judge sentence the defendant for less if he takes into consideration that he has no criminal history?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Is the former landlord responsible for returning  my deposit if it forecloses? If the bank foreclosed on the property I'm renting is the former landlord responsible for returning  my deposit?	Real Estate Questions	California
How many days a year is an employer suppose to pay for? How many days a year is an employer suppose to pay for?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Do I have options of staying? I rent a private home, the 1 year lease is up April 1st, the landlord has asked me to leave in 3 months,saying that they are selling the home? I'm short on money for a security, broker, and first months rent for a new place. Do I have options on staying?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What should I do if my lawyer is not helping me retrieve my money? I was awarded $3,500 Counsel fees on 11/25/09 by Judge Blydenburgh.  I have still not received this money.  I have a lawyer & I have asked him to please get this money & he says don't worry you will get your money.  Well I have still not received it.   I now document every time I ask or write about this problem.  What is my recourse?  The lawyer is supposed to take away some of my stress but now I feel he is giving me more to stress about.  HELP	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can an employer terminate an employee without first issuing a warning? Can an employer terminate an employee without  first issuing a warning?	Employment Questions	Florida
Question about the Homestead Property benefit? I own a home in Michigan and receive the Homestead Property Tax reduction benefit. I want to sell my home and purchase another home. I purchase another home and can't sell my home right away. I was told by a real estate broker that I could claim the Homestead Property benefit on both houses for a period of time. Is there such a benefit and how long does it last?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can I legally do anything as my ex-fiance is taking his mother's home and selling it? My ex fiance has recently inherited his mother's home and it has sold for half a million dollars.  Now he has decided to leave and take everything. Can I do anything legally as this is really unfair that now money is involved he chosen to leave me with nothing?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can my employer demote me or vanish pay rate with no notification or just cause? Can my employer demote me or vanish pay rate with no notification or just cause?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the law about putting a ladder on the neighbor's property to make repairs to mine? I live in Michigan and my house is 22 inches from the property line making it impossible to make repairs.  What is the law about putting a ladder on the neighbors property to make repairs to mine?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Do I have to notify the courts about the move the custody? I live in new York and I'm moving to Texas my daughters father is paying child support. Do I have to notify the courts about the move? And could my daughters father take me to court for custody?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can I split shares of an llc? Can I split shares of an llc?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Alabama
Is it legal for my company to force me to work during my accrued vacation? I am a salaried employee.  My company is having a forced shut down for a week and we must use our accrued vacation pay to cover the time off.  My department was then told that we are expected to work as needed during this "time off".  It's one thing to dictate when I must use my accrued vacation, but to then say I am obligated to work during this time?  It appears they want to get vacation off the books, but still have employees work.  Is this legal?	Employment Questions	California
How do I get custody of children? How do I get custody of children?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Could I drive a go kart on the street? I would like to know Could if I could drive a go kart on the street of Springfield, MA?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
Do I have to stay or pay to the end of my lease if I moved for a job and now it's eliminated? I am on a lease in an apartment until November.I moved here for a job and the job was eliminated and now I'm on unemployment.  Do I have to stay or pay to the end of my lease?	Real Estate Questions	California
How can I go about getting my deposit back? I'm planning on breaking a lease with my landlord and I gave her more then 30 days notice. She agreed to break it and she had told me if no one rents it I cant get it back. How can I go about getting my deposit back?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Is it legal to paint child's room with copyrighted images and logos? A young boy wants some WWE logos and images painted on the walls of his bedroom. Can I paint a mural in a boys' bedroom of copyrighted images and logos?  Does the exchange of money have anything to do with the legality of this?	Copyright Questions	Pennsylvania
Does the person in charge of the estate have to show the check book to the other children? After a death does the person in charge of the estate who has a joint account with the deceased have to show the check book to the other children of the deceased?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Protection in a lease option agreement? We operate a well known, long running, family owned bar in California. The elderly female owner fell behind on state and federal taxes. Also business license fee and liquor bills are late. She was about to walk away from the business unless my brother would stay and run it  for her, make past due payment arrangements etc. That was a year ago. My brother manages it, does maintenance & has personally paid over $10,000 in bills. He deposits all money, she pays bills and payments as arranged. He gets only tips. The bar brings in a substantial amount of $, & has great potential when back debts are paid off. He wants to buy it. Does it sound like there is any way to legally, protect him in a lease option agreement?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
Is there some kind of law to pass this month regarding citizenship to those who are married to a current US citizen?  Is there some kind of law to pass this month regarding citizenship to those who are married to a current US citizen? Meaning can an immigrant from Mexico get citizenship if her husband is legal?	Employment Questions	California
How do you defend a loitering and prowling misdemeanor in Florida?  How do you defend a loitering and prowling misdemeanor in Florida? Aren't there two parts that have to be proved by the state attorney?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can I counter sure for back child support from my ex? My ex-wife and I have 50/50 joint legal and physical custody and she is getting child support from me. She just came in to a lot of money. Is there any way I can get child support from her? She's not on welfare or nothing like that. Can I counter sure for back child support?	Family Questions	California
What are the law of child support/alimony being paid to me after having a boyfriend move in after a divorce? Hi,What are the law of child support/alimony  being paid to me after having a boyfriend move in after a divorce? My ex is trying to tell me if i have a man living with me he no longer has to pay alimony. Is that true?	Family Questions	California
Is it okay that they fired me with the issues behind my temporary fine? I was recently fired from my job as a truck driver. I went through a scale & my truck was overweight. They informed me it would be up to the judge to issue a fine. Never heard anything for 2 months. Went through the scale just recently and they informed me of an unpaid fine with a hold on my license. Meanwhile I was driving around there company with a 18 wheeler with no license. Next morning I paid the $400 fine went to DMV to release the hold of my license. That Friday they fired me. Is that okay?	Employment Questions	California
If my father just passed away he didn't have a will and i am the only living child does everything go to me? If My father just passed away he didn't have a will and I am the only living child does everything go to me?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
What should I do if I rent from a building that went into foreclosure? What should I do if I rent from a building that went into foreclosure?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it legal for my employer to ask me to sign a 3 year non compete clause?  Is it legal for my employer to ask me to sign a 3 year non compete clause? Refusing would prevent me from getting the position and signing would prevent me from other positions with another company or owning my own company of the same or similar to. This is a small company that sells light up children toys at outside events during the summer. The sale and pricing are know to the public.	Employment Questions	Virginia
Will no contract order on spouse show up on FBI name and background immigration check? I called the police on my husband three years ago.  We had an altercation and there was a police report and a no contact order issued.  Will this show up on a name check and background check done by the FBI for immigration purposes?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
Is there anything that I should know to protect myself to make sure it's fair in alimony and child support? My husband has decided to leave my children and I. I have agreed to go thru a mediator to try and settle this without lawyers. Is there anything that I should know to protect myself and my children to make sure I am getting what is fair in alimony and child support? I am a housewife and he has been the primary income of the family. He as well has a business and I would like to know if I am entitled to any part of that business? we have been married for 9 years in the state of Florida	Family Questions	Florida
Can I be sued for car damages in small claims court when i have auto insurance? Can I be sued for car damages in small claims court when I have auto insurance?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What is the best way to pursue a divorce when I can't prove my husband's infidelity and he financially supports me? I would like to divorce my husband but I am a homemaker and have no income other than his to pay a lawyer. My husband moved out on my children and I last March in order to pursue a relationship with another woman. However, I have absolutely no legal proof of his infidelity. My husband makes a very good living and pays me $500 every two weeks for the support of our mutual 2 year old son and has allowed me to keep the vehicle we purchased together a short time before he moved out. I would like to continue to keep this support amount and the car but would like my husband to be required to make the payment on the car as I have no income. What is the best way for me to pursue this divorce?	Family Questions	New York
Is legal guardian liable for debt resulting from child's theft? I have a child whom I have permanent legal custody, which makes me her guardian. My question is, will the legal court make me be responsible to pay a 500 dollar debt she made by stealing from her friend's mother whom I warned that the child has sticky fingers?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have any recourse with the landlord if he makes the floor unlivable? My basement apartment keeps getting wet every time it rains out a lot. My wall to wall gets soaked, all the landlord does is puts fan on it and dries it out. The last time they said they put a sealant on the floor but I don't think so as the rug just got rolled up a little bit. Now I have smelly moldy smells.Do I have any recourse with the landlord. I want to move out. Also should I ask the fire dept to come out to see if I have mold.  My Cat is coughing more (not a fur ball cough)  What can I do if anything? thank you Kathy	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Help if I am a Wedding and Event Planner and I need help with writing a good contact for my business? Hello I am a Wedding and Event Planner and I need help with writing a good contact for my business.  Can you help me?claudia Cowan 904-708-5624	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Sued by Capitol One for non-payment of debts? I am being sued by Capital One for non payment of credit card debts.  What should I do?  I do not have any money.	Consumer Questions	California
At what age does child custody end? At what age does child custody end?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
can a judge refuse you a lawyer? Can a judge refuse you a lawyer?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
How should overtime be paid if I worked 24 hours straight? I work 10 hour shifts.  I recently worked 24 hours straight, how should the overtime be paid?	Employment Questions	California
Is there a time limit when a credit card company can garnish you? Is there a time limit when a credit card company can garnish you?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Can I get a refund on a releasing fee if I have paid my rent on time for my 12-month lease? I was wondering if I can get a refund on a releasing fee if I have paid my rent on time for my 12-month lease? It's on a month to month now and my landlord has a security deposit as well?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Legal if our lender sold our home and the same lender took us to court to evict us? Is this legal, our lender sold our home on Jan.06, 2011 and the same lender took us to court to evict us (U D Hearing) on Jan.19, 2011?  The judge did not give us a fair chance at the U D Hearing.  We had some very good evidence to share with him and all he had to say to us was, "That's irrelevant".    Maybe to him it was, but not for us!	Real Estate Questions	California
If I'm asked to return can employer reduce my pay? i was laid off 020212 because my company lost  account, but was recently told the account is coming back in July. I will be asked to return. When I left my job I was making $18.30 an hour. Now the company took a $2.50 pay cut to keep their job. if I'm asked to return can employer reduce my pay?	Employment Questions	California
Can the landlord break the lease? In California, my daughter signed a 6 month lease with a landlord with priorty renewal of additional 6 months. She was just notified 3 months into lease that landlord wants to terminate lease early, (move out in 1 month) and have sick ederly aunt move there. The landlord has offered 1/2 month rent free and moving expenses. Can the landlord break the lease? What recourse does my daughter have?  Thank you.   John	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I get a license in Florida if I pass all the tests? My right to operate has been revoked in Massachusetts. If I establish residency in Florida, can I get a license in Florida if I pass all the tests?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
How do I contest a will? How do I contest a will?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is there any way I could get emancipated if I prove living in a crowded house of 8 is unsuitable? I live in a two bedroom house with about 7-8 people. We only get about $600 in food stamps and there's barely any food to get through the month. I'm stuck sleeping on the couch or a small closet like room. I keep my clothes in a little chest cause there's not much room. My mom is struggling to get a job and my father doesn't work. I'm only 15, turning 16 in about 5 months, but I wanted to know if there was any possible way I could get emancipated? I hate where I live. It's too small for so many people to live and I don't like who I live with. I have somewhere I could stay I could babysit as a job until I turn 16 and where I would stay has better living conditions. Is there any way I could get emancipated if I prove living here is unsuitable?	Family Questions	Florida
Is it legal for business to ask for money back if their error?  I leased a new vehicle in January, sold my car to the dealer and was expecting a refund from what was still owed on the car and its resale value. The finance manager at the time of purchase made an error on the contract and ended up paying me $1000 over. I had no knowledge of the over payment and now they have contacted me and saying they've made an error and want their money back. They are only giving me two months to pay. If this is their error, why am I being punished, is this legal?	Consumer Questions	California
Is it against the law or HOA rules to clean our balcony with pine sol? I am currently renting a condo unit (Encino, CA) that is located above one other unit. My neighbors below have been nothing but rude since we moved in and has complained about everything we have done.  About once or twice a week, we clean the balcony with pine sol. The rest of the time, we ONLY use hot water. Her plants are located outside of their actual property and was already on the sidewalk. Is it against the law or HOA rules to clean our balcony with pine sol?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is the quickest way to finalize a divorce after finding out my previous marriage is still current? I've been informed that for at least a decade of believing I was divorced and now ready to remarry, that my supposed to be ex didn't sign the papers and the company I went through is no longer in business. Could you PLEASE direct me in the cheapest and quickest way that I would be able to get this divorce done? I've spoken with my wife (ex) and she said that she was going to sign it but that I would have to pay for the costs. Any help would be appreciated. Thank you for your time.	Family Questions	California
Is the contract valid if I quit because the employer is unfair as the contract wasn't notarized? I signed a contract for my employer that if I no longer work there I cannot work within 5 miles of the current business. The contract doesn't state the employer's obligation to me. Is the contract valid if I quit because the employer is unfair? The contract wasn't notarized. Also we switched buildings since I was hired I have worked there for 3 1/2 yrs.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Are they suppose to give him a written warning before termination? My son was terminated from his job a few weeks ago. He did his job well and never was written up for anything, he went into his bank account to transfer money from his savings to checking, he was not suppose to us a certain site that he used. Are they suppose to give him a written warning before termination?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How do I get my current boyfriend to take over legal matters of daughter's birth certificate? My daughter has no father on her birth certificate nor in her life. The man I am with now would like to take over any legal matters with her and be her father on her birth certificate. She is seven months. How would I go about doing this?	Family Questions	California
If a sibling has power of attorney, can they kick another sibling out of the house they live in? If a sibling has power of attorney, can they kick another sibling out of the house they live in?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
If you were entering an unlocked foreclosed home is it qualified as trespassing under Michigan state laws? If you were entering an unlocked foreclosed home is it qualified as trespassing under Michigan state laws?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can you round up or down your hours to the closest 15 min? Can you round up or down your hours to the closest 15 min or are you supposed to be paid for every min?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can I bring my sister-in-law and his children under the same application process? I have applied for for my brother and his wife/children and the petition is being approved and under process, but this month my brother passed away. Can I bring my sister in law( my brother's wife) and his children under the same application process?	Immigration Questions	New York
Can a employer change your scheduled shift without agreeing or needing coverage? Can an employer change your scheduled shift without agreeing or needing coverage?	Employment Questions	California
If I am ex-military, can my ex wife go after my post 9-11 housing allowance?  I am ex military. Can my ex wife go after my post 9-11 housing allowance? The income is not taxable by the IRS if that matters.	Family Questions	California
Is there a set amount of time she must give like a 30-day notice? I rented a room in my condo out with a month to month agreement.  There was no provision for how much notice she was to give when she wanted to move out.  Is there a set amount of time she must give?  I also thought it was a 30 day notice?	Real Estate Questions	California
How can I protect my work without paying a layer for trademarking or branding right now? How can I protect my work without paying a layer for trademarking or branding right now?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Oregon
Legal for my landlord to give a 30-day notice when they are renovating? The landlord is renovating the building where I live. They have given me a 30 day notice to move out. Is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Do you have to come to a complete stop while making a right turn from a stop sign? Do you have to come to a complete stop while making a right turn from a stop sign?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Legal to be fired and not receive last check? I was fired on Monday, did not receive my final check. They told me not until Tuesday. I live far from work and I really need money. Is this legal? What should I do.	Employment Questions	California
If I have been separated for years, do I file divorce in my state or the state she lives? I have been separated for 4 years and she now lives in a other state.  Do I file in the state where I live or do I have to file where she is?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
How do I file for a divorce? How do I file for a divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Are agreements and contracts the same?  Are agreements different than contracts and are they binding?	Contract Questions	Illinois
Can I have a summons sent signed certified mail? Can I have a summons sent signed certified mail or does it have to go through the sheriff's office?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Am I liable for remainder of lease if I get job in another state? I just got a job in another state. Am I liable for the remainder of my lease which ends June1, 2012 on a rental house?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Leasing Questions	Louisiana
Do I qualify for full-time benefits if I worked over a year? My name is is Christy, and I've been working for a Nissan dealership for over a year now and just recently became.full-time. Now my question is this, do I qualify for full-time benefits, meaning vacations,sickdays, etc.? Does my time "served" qualify me for those benefits? Or do I have to start from scratch considering when I was part-time I practically worked full-time hours? I really need help with this question..because I injured myself after work earlier this week and I've missed 3days of work with a doctors note..please get back to me as soon as possible..thank you .........Christy	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Should I make a will even though I'm only 26 and have relatively few assets? Should I make a will even though I'm only 26 and have relatively few assets?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
How do I transfer the deed to their home into my name and 2 other siblings? Both parents deceased, died with a will. How do I transfer the deed to their home into my name and 2 other siblings?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
If my personal property at work is vandalized by another employee can I hold my employer responsible? If my personal property at work is vandalized by another employee can I hold my employer responsible?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Are property owners liable if renter gets injured? My fiance went on the roof of the house we are renting to try to unclog the kitchen sink.  When he was coming down the ladder, the ladder slipped and he fell and broke his hip.  Are the owners of the property liable?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Can I sell an option in my company to invest at a later round for $1,000 to anyone? None	Securities Questions	Ohio
How to transfer business loan to my name? My brother & I have a trucking business. He got the loan for the truck & I have paid all the expenses for fuel, repair, registration, permits, etc. So far, I have expend $14,000. My question is there any way I can get that loan transferred under my name since he hasn't put any cash on the business?	Business Internet Questions	Idaho
Is there a way if I can get my money back if someone I didn't know withdrew it all from my account? I got a settlement back from my grandmother's will. I put it in the bank and somehow someone withdrew it all. I was 18 and I got railroaded. How can I get my money back?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Is it illegal not to give an employee a cost of living raise every year, especially if they haven't received any other increases? Is it illegal not to give an employee a cost of living raise every year, especially if they haven't received any other increases?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can I still file a provisional application if someone stole the rough draft? The rough draft of a provisional patent application was stolen by someone who has already filed the provisional application and has the resources to file for a utility patent right away. Can I market my idea now? Should I or can I still file a provisional application?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
What is maximum WA state can garnish from insurance? I currently reside in WA. I am in arrears in child support. I was in an car accident in OR 9 months ago. The insurance company wants to settle and has made a good offer. WA State has put a lien in place for any monies I may receive with the insurance company. What is the maximum they can garnish?	Commercial Questions,Consumer Questions,Family Questions,Finance Questions,Financial Questions	Washington
I'm a single woman with two adult children and omitting one from will and trust. What are my options? I'm a single woman with two adult children and omitting one from my will and trust. What are my options? I own a home free and clear and have stock s& bonds setup with a car free and clear of debt.	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can a new landlord raise the rent by 40% on an old tenant in an 18-month period? In Mendocino county, California, can a new landlord raise the rent by 40% on an old tenant in an 18 month period?	Real Estate Questions	California
What should I do if the HOA is asking us for rent when the landlord is delinquent in HOA dues? landlord is delinquent in HOA dues; HOA	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it legal to go three years without a pay increase? When I left to have my baby I was a full time employee working 40 hrs in one store.  When I came back I was told we no longer have full time employees you can only work 32 hours in one store 8 in an other.  Also is it legal to go three years without a pay increase	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Do I have 3 days to change mind after signing contract? When you sign a contract, do you have 3 days to change your mind before its official?	Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
If someone publishes images on paper, and I purchase them and then digitize and use them on my website, am I breaking copyright laws?	Copyright Questions	Pennsylvania
What are biological father's rights to child born out of wedlock if mother deceased? What are my rights as the biological father of a child born out of wedlock, whose mother is deceased?I'm asking because my daughter's maternal grandmother has been telling her that when she turns 11 she's going to take her to see the judge and if she tells him/her that she wishes to live with her grandmother they will award her custody.	Family Questions	Florida
Can a law guardian speak to a 7 yr old child without the presence of the parent that has custody? Also, can the law guardian tell the parent what was discussed and the answer? The law guardian was appointed by family court.	Family Questions	New York
How would it work if my husband is willing to sign a quit claim deed on our home when we still owe? My husband is willing to sign a quit claim deed on our home when we still owe. How would that work?	Family Questions	California
Can a senior community 55+ in NJ (Ocean County) charge the owner $50.00 to do an inspection of the home? Can a senior community 55+ in NJ (Ocean County) charge the owner $50.00 to do an inspection of the home (done by the associations own maint. dept.) in order to give A permission to sell letter to the owner? The house could be put on the market with a realtor then and be able to charge the owner $50.00 to reinspect the house every 6 mos that the house does not sell.	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
What to do if my neighbor is suing for damages for his fern bed when it covered my sprinkler and killed it? A neighbor planted a fern bed on the property line and it grew and covered my sprinkler. I sprayed weed killer  on it. Now he is suing for damages. What can I do?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can first offense be expunged? Can prostitution first offense be expunged?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Is son responsible for rent if he breaks lease? My son shared an apartment w/ his girlfriend.  His name was the only name on the lease. They broke up and he couldn't afford the apt. on his own, so he moved out. He was told by the apt. mng. that he is responsible for the rent until they re-rent it.  Is that true?	Leasing Questions	Ohio
Can I copyright parenting handbook that I made? I am a daycare director and want to know if I can copyright a parent's handbook that I have put together?	Copyright Questions	Indiana
Is there anything I can do to get to full-time status even when I work 40 plus hours? I work in retail and have been working 40 plus hours a week for over a month but my employer will not move me to full time status.  I work in PA.   I have invested $600 in tools and made a one year commitment to my employer and understood that I would be full time after training.  I have completed training but am still part time.  Is there anything I can do to get to full-time status?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can others contest because of that old Will? My husband had a Will made before we were married and has since signed a piece of paper saying that Will is no longer legal.  I am the beneficiary on everything.  Can others contest because of that old Will?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Do I need a lawyer to sue my son for money I loaned him? Do I need a lawyer to sue my son for money I loaned him? It has been four months now and I haven't heard a thing about when he will start paying me back.	Family Questions	New York
If my wife and I are separated not living with another, is she allowed to collect court ordered child support? If my wife and I are separated not living with another, is she allowed to collect court ordered child support?	Family Questions	California
What law prohibits attorneys from speaking with victims before appearing in court? What FL law prohibits defense attorneys from speaking with victims and their families before appearing in court?	Criminal Questions	Florida
How do I obtain power of authority when my father is in the ICU? My father is in ICU with severe pneumonia and a mild heart attack.  I do need have authority to handle his financial matters but he is on a ventilator and heavily sedated. How do I obtain power of authority?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Louisiana
Is it signing away my mom's rights if we have a family property and sent us a short form of POA? We have a family property that is about to be sold. She sent us a short form power of attorney. My mom is not able to sign the form. This is not something that's signing away her rights to any of the money they will get for selling the house is it?	Real Estate Questions	California
Am I risk of losing title or ownership of the house? I got a share of ownership with my brother. Now he is taking the house back for living and he paid the mortgage. Am I risk of losing title or ownership of the house?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I get another lawyer to represent me? If so, do I need to pay him in full? I have to go to court in Maryland and I live in New York. I don't like the way my current lawyer is handling my case.  Can I get another lawyer to represent me?  I have paid him $1,000 of the $2,000. he asked for.  Since I no longer want his representation, do I need to pay him in full? Would I still be able to get another lawyer?	Criminal Questions	New York
Is common law marriage after 7 years? In the state of Massachusetts after 7 years do  they consider that common law marriage?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Is a prenuptial agreement certified by a bank notary able to hold up in court? Is a prenuptial agreement certified by a bank notary able to hold up in court? It is prepared by individuals & signed by them. Basically, it insures what my is mine and yours is yours.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
if I'm in a car accident and injured, do I have to report my injuries to my insurance company? if I'm in a car accident and injured, do I have to report my injuries to my insurance company if I want to have the responsible party pay for my injuries?	Personal Injury Questions	Indiana
I own a convenience store in Oregon and I am wanting to sell it.  A friend of mine gave me the idea to sell tickets and draw a winner.  Because I am not a non profit organization, would this be legal for me to do?	Advertising Law Questions,Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Do I need a lawyer to seek a 50/50 custody split? I am the father of a three year old boy and I am not together with his mother. After several years of attempting a civil relationship with the mother, it seems legal action is needed. I am seeking a 50/50 custody split because I believe it is in the best interest of my child. Do I need a lawyer? If so, what kind?	Family Questions	Florida
Should I be fired because one minor issue with my drinking? I worked for Glaztech Ind. For 6 years I was never reprimanded, written up, and no customer complaints. I was the General Manager. I worked approximately 14 to 16 hours a day. Even worked weekends. I am a drinker, but never let it interrupt my job or duties. After working a long day I went out 1 night and had a few. I did not make it to work the next day. I had my girlfriend call in for me to let them know I would not be in, but I would be in that night we are a 24-hour company. I Worked 8 hrs that night. Went in the next day in the morning got with my secretaries let them know I believe I have a drinking problem and I was going to seek help. 3 days later I was let go. Owner flew in came into my office said he had to let me go and I needed to go into rehab.	Employment Questions	Texas
A Labor / Payroll related question? A Labor / Payroll related question.Entities involved; Hiring Hall, Payroll Company, Contracted Recipient of Labor, 18 Workers.A Hiring Hall sends 18 skilled & semi skilled workers  to fulfill a 7 day contract.Contracted recipient of Labor fails to pay the Payroll company in time alloted,Contracted recipient files for bankruptcy & assets are liquidated. Workers never get paid.Who if anyone can be held accountable for the monies owed the workers?Thanks in advance.	Employment Questions	Florida
I have a house that was included in chpt 13 bankruptcy in 2007.  I took some items out then, and now 2 1/2 years the bank is after for $30,000 + punitive damages.  Can they bank after it was already discharged back in 2007?	Bankruptcy Questions	Michigan
How can I keep my ex's boyfriend from suing for visitation before I go to court? My daughter just moved in with me from Minnesota.  I live in Pennsylvania.  My ex wife's boyfriend is threatening to sue for visitation and I wish to block this before I must go to court in Minnesota.  How can I do this?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What can I do about pregnancy discrimination at work? What can I do about pregnancy discrimination at work in Las Vegas, NV?	Employment Questions	Nevada
Does my mother get something  if my father died in a car accident when the other side is refusing insurance? My father was in a car accident back in July 2010. That accident took his life. We have a lawyer. The lawyer said that my mother should get something. It's said  that the other insurance is refusing to give anything. I have the police report....I need some advise on what to do.	Family Questions	California
What are the qualifications of a  Family Court mediator in CA? What are the qualifications of a  Family Court mediator in CA? And can individuals with upcoming Family Court dates request "private" mediators outside the court's system to mediate their cases?	Employment Questions	California
Can you sue a boarding kennel for neglect? Can you sue a boarding kennel for neglect?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Can I claim unemployment if I worked for a company from November 2011 to June 2012 and got laid off? Can I claim unemployment if I worked for a company from November 21, 2011 to June 26, 2012 and got laid off?	Employment Questions	Florida
If a classmate copies pictures from Web pages and uses them in a report for a class assignment, is the classmate violating copyright laws? None	Copyright Questions	Louisiana
When does the statue of limitation run out on suing a private car dealership for selling a problematic car? When does the statue of limitation run out on suing a private car dealership for selling you a car with problems after they stated more then once that there was nothing wrong with the car?	Consumer Questions	California
With parental consent, can a minor move out? With parental consent, can a minor move out?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can I get arrested for not paying child support because I've been sick in hospital? Can I get arrested for not paying child support because I've been sick in hospital?	Family Questions	Georgia
If I have a misdemeanor drug charge can I own a hand gun? If I have a misdemeanor drug charge can I own a hand gun?	Criminal Questions	Florida
How do you appeal a motion to correct illegal sentence? How do you appeal a motion to correct illegal sentence?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Is it your right as a renter to have basic heating for the house? Is it your right as a renter to have basic heating for the house?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is it for when my sister ask me if I could sign for her husband so he can become a resident? My sister ask me if i could sign for her husband so he can become a resident. What is that for? Thanks.	Immigration Questions	California
Collect unemployment if I am the sole shareholder of the corp that employees me? Can I collect unemployment if I am the sole shareholder of the corporation that employees me?	Employment Questions	New York
Am I required to have full coverage insurance if I have the purchased vehicle with lien holder on the title? Am I required to have full coverage insurance if I have the purchased vehicle with lien holder on the title?	Consumer Questions	California
How to fight PA child support? How to fight PA child support?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I get the money without administrating a will? I Left 3000.00 in checking account from deceased as non probate. How do I get the money without administrating will	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What to do if my wife wants to divorce me after she was the unfaithful & wants me to pay half of the fee? Hi my wife wants to divorce me after she was the unfaithful so now she wants me to pay half of the lawyers fee	Family Questions	Florida
What is the time limitation to file a complaint of an assault? What is the time limitation to file a complaint of an assault?	Criminal Questions	Florida
What is the best way for my step mom to get a divorce in California if she left my dad 4 years ago? My dad, my step mom and I are all on the deed to a house that my dad and I live in. My step mom left my dad four years ago. She would like to divorce my dad and wants nothing. What is the best way for her to get a divorce in California? Thank you	Family Questions	California
What constitutes an annulment in the state of California? What constitutes an annulment in the state of California?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What are the implications for a driver moving his vehicle in a car accident before the police arrive? I had a collioson with another vehicle and the other driver moved his car before the police arrived. What implications are there for this?	Personal Injury Questions	Indiana
Can my ex ask for property I bought 6 years after our separation and ask for alimony? I live in Michigan I'm 100% disabled veteran I have been separated from my wife for over 7 years. I recently filed for divorce today the 6 months waiting period is up. Can she ask for property I bought 6 years after our separation and ask for alimony? I now pay her health insurance, dental work for my son and child support for my minor son now? She has defaulted on the judgement of divorce and is seeking and objection on it after her time limitation for any considerations or requests.	Family Questions	Michigan
Is a spouse entitled to their spouse's CD and or savings account upon death? Is a spouse entitled to their spouse's CD and or savings account upon death? Especially when the CD was set up in his children's name from a previous marriage in the state of Tennessee?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Father has been estranged from family for 20 years. Are his children still legally obligated to him when they have had no contact for that long?	Family Questions	Connecticut
Any recourse for owning a domain name that's similar to other competitors? I have owned and maintained the rights to the domain name MenuSell.com for more than twelve years. I stopped doing business about 6 years ago but to this day I still have kept the rights to the domain name (by paying an annual fee). There are several companies using a close facimiles of MenuSell such as MenuSelling.com and Menu-Sell.com and they are doing the same type of business. Do I have any recourse?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Can I publish references to unnamed living family members? Can I write about living family members(not by name) in my writing?	Intellectual Property Questions	Maryland
Can my ex stop paying me alimony or make me show the courts my checking accounts and paper works or reduce my alimony? I live in NY ex-husband lives in VT. He stopped paying alimony court ordered and it's been going on the 2nd month. He inform me he is trying to come up with the money but he's not calling me back. I now have less bills than he does. Can he stop paying me alimony or make me show the courts my checking accounts and paper works or reduce my alimony?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
After being questioned once, should my son have to go back and talk to them again? my son is was questioned by the police about a car being broken into. They said the description sounded like him, then it turned into about stealing a car. He told them what he knew but they want to talk to him again?  Do we have to talk to them again? should I hire a lawyer? He hasn't been charged for anything.	Criminal Questions	California
Who has the right to make decisions if there is no POA, the mother or daughter? Power of attorney questions:  if no power of attorney was established for health care & a person becomes gravely ill,  who has the 1st right to  make the decisions for the well being of this person;  Mother or Daughter ?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Am I allowed to take sick days to care for my daughter? I am coming to the end of my 12 week maternity leave, and just found out that my 3 month old daughter will need a pretty extensive surgery and hospital stay after that.  I had a C-section and was given 8 weeks paid leave and 4 weeks unpaid leave.  I have about 70 sick days accumulated.  Am I allowed to take sick days to care for my daughter?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What can I do to protect myself from the company? I have been working with a start-up business for 18 months now. I started as an adviser n the Board of Directors & 6 months later was made VP of Sales. My compensation from the CEO has only been 200,000 shares of Incentive Stock Options.  I have not made any type of salary because the CEO has been waiting on a SBA loan to come through. It does not look like he can secure the loan. I secured $10k in investor money myself. The company is unstable now because of the CEO's personal relationship which is affecting his business decisions. I would like to separate from the company but not sure how I am protected or if ISO equity is worth anything? What can I do to protect myself?	Employment Questions	California
How do I become a legal American resident?  How do I become a legal American resident? I am currently a 15 year old high school student. I have been living in the US with my family since I was around 3 years old, so I've been in the country for about 12 years. Basically, I've been living my whole life illegally in the US. Is there any way that my family and I could become American Citizens? Thanks in advance for anyone who answers.	Immigration Questions	California
Do we legal rights to stop our renter from serving us with a notice to vacate? My wife & myself are served with notice to vacate a house we rent from a 91-year gentleman. Do we have legal rights to stop this or prolong until we can find find another place to live?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What penalties should I be expecting if I don't have any sort of license and caught speeding? I don't have any sort of license. I'm 16 and I was caught speeding and have court soon. What penalties should I be expecting? Living in FL	Criminal Questions	Florida
Who can I talk to about allegations made through my job? Allegations were made thru my job. I'm not fired as of yet but have been suspended so far. Who can I talk to for advice how to handle this?	Employment Questions	New York
How do I become an executor over my husband's affairs? How do I become an executor over my husbands affairs, mortgage, etc.?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What can I do if a friend used my social security number to use for gas and electric bill but never paid? Friend used my social security number to use for gas and electric bill but never paid. Now there past due n and in collections. I never even lived at the property where the bills were used for. What can I do?	Consumer Questions	New York
What can I do to avoid having to pay him for the services he never performed and remove the lien on my House? A contractor placed a mechanical lien on my property for services that I did not approve of. I also did not receive proof that the services were rendered. What can I do to avoid having to pay him for the services he never performed and remove the lien on my House?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Question about divorce? Florida divorce: husband won't work, I pay all bills. Can I take over the home equity loan (his bills consolidated) and not be responsible for his additional credit card debt 100K. This would be half "our" debt. Can I ask to keep the home? Can I ask to keep my 401K and savings. I support the minor children myself, I don't make enough to pay him alimony. I will ask for custody of the children. Help please, what are my rights?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How many unrelated adults are allowed to live together in a home in Colorado? How many unrelated adults are allowed to live together in a home in Colorado?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
What will happen if caught with illegal items in car? Hi: I was stopped w/a small amount of marijuana and was given a ticket to appear in a nh court. I allowed the police officer to search my vehicle and he located it along w/a pipe. This is an occasional  situation. What will happen?	Criminal Questions	New Hampshire
What are responsibilities of the secretary in a small corporation?  What are responsibilities of the secretary in a small corporation?  There is sale taxes in New York state.	Consumer Questions	New York
If a company doesn't pay you, what do you do? If a company doesn't pay you what do you do?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If I had a lawsuit at 16 & am suffering from pain now that I wasn't aware of at that time, can I re-sue? If I had a lawsuit at 16 & am suffering from pain now that I wasn't aware of at that time, can I re-sue?	Personal Injury Questions	California
I'm going to a custody hearing and I want to know if the grandmother will get him back? I am a grandmother of a 6 year old since he was 2. now his mother wants him back. She and my son have given up their right when I got custody in 2008. My grandson does not want to live with her. We are going to a custody hearing and I want to know if she will get him back?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Is there such a thing as registering a lease agreement to make it legal and binding? Is there such a thing as registering a lease agreement form to make it legal and binding?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How quickly can I get court-ordered paternity test? My parents are kicking me out so I have to move to England in 3weeks. The father of my unborn child decided today that he was not the father and refuses to take a paternity test. How fast can i get a court ordered paternity test in Virginia?	Family Questions	Virginia
What's a simple document to void my will? What's a simple document to void my will?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What to do if my husband used me for green card? What to do if my husband used me for green card?	Immigration Questions	Rhode Island
Am I supposed to get a MRI before my accident case is closed? Am I supposed to get a MRI before my accident case is closed?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Just last Saturday, my car was repossessed. The owner of the car dealership is not giving me a chance to regain my vehicle he will not tell me where the vehicle is being stored so that I can get my things. What are my rights?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Maryland
Can a lawyer who represented my ex husband in my custody battle share my file with another client? Can a lawyer who represented my ex husband in my custody battle share my file with another client? And can another person get my file?	Family Questions	Michigan
What's are recourse as tenants?  We are a tenant and the house we are in has a sewer issue. The landlord has requested for us not to flush or put toilet paper in the toilet, not to use the shower and not do use the clothes washer for laundry. This issue has been going on since wednesday of last week. They are gracious enough to allow us to use their guest house bathroom and shower facilities but only from 9am to 9pm. This is the second time in 2 months that this has happened, what recourse do we have?	Real Estate Questions	California
How do I revoke a living trust, and then quit claim my deed to my property solely to my spouse? How do I revoke a living trust, and then quit claim my deed to my property solely to my spouse?	Real Estate Questions	California
Anything I can do if I have a felony and I want to get into the navy? I have a felony and I want to get into the navy. Is there anything I can do?	Criminal Questions	California
When can 170.6 be filed? Can you file a 170.6 at any time in the process of your issue?  Also is an order to show cause re:contempt hearing a separate issue which could allow for a 170.6?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
To change my address should I put my current and previous if they are asking for both? I'm on a green card. I have moved twice since receiving my card. I was unaware that I was suppose to notify DHS. I am changing my address now but I'm concerned about not changing it the first time I moved. The form I'm submitting is asking for my current and previous address, I'm not sure what to put down as my previous address?	Immigration Questions	California
If I was recently fired by the Milpitas city hall, do I have any right for vacation pay? If I was recently fired by the Milpitas city hall, do I have any right for vacation pay?	Employment Questions	California
Can a woman that got an artificial insemination give the child the father's last name even if she did it without his consent?  Can a woman that got an artificial insemination give the child the father's last name even if she did it without his consent? He was married to someone else when she did it.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Legal for my employer to not pay me overtime wages for working over a 40 hour week? is it legal for my employer to not pay me overtime wages for working over a 40 hour week?	Employment Questions	California
What are my rights if I lived as a common law wife for 28 years? I lived as a common law wife with a man for twenty eight years. What are my rights?	Family Questions	Texas
What can I do legally to keep my wife's ex from coming to her new place of business? My wife's ex husband recently came into her place of employment where she rents a booth and is a hair stylist. He voiced a lot of accusations and made a scene while she wasn't there. The owner asked my wife to leave and find another place to work because she didn't want any negative publicity to come out of it! I found her another place to rent and bought her all new equipment and she is working again. I want to know what I can do legally to keep my wife's ex from coming to her new place of business. The owners are my friends and know about him and will call the police if he comes back but I'd like to know how to keep him away to avoid the police call or a confrontation between he and I .	Commercial Questions	Texas
Is it possible to get a separation agreement document with no or low cost?   Is it possible to get a separation agreement document with no or low cost?  We have no children, and no disputes over any property.	Family Questions	California
Can my "sweat equity" be factored in having reduced my portion of the loan? I started an S-corp with my sister.  I am Pres and she is VP. We bought a franchise business. We had agreed to quit our jobs to run it. She never quit her job.  I quit two jobs to run the business full-time. I have spent the last five years building the business, paying the debt, expenses & labor.  She worked minimal part time.  I was paid $500/mo.  She was paid $325/mo. I want to plan an exit strategy.  We still owe $20,000 on our SBA loan for which we signed personal guarantees.   She wants me to split the loan with her. Is there any way that my "sweat equity" can be factored in as having reduced my portion of the loan?	Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
what legal actions can I take to an employer who takes money away from our checks? what legal actions can I take to an employer who takes money away from our checks whenever our cash registers are short, rarely allows us to take our lunch breaks, often abuses employees with verbal or physical actions, and does not pay for work training	Employment Questions	California
Okay if I failed to pay rent to my business and after giving me a notice, he rejected me? I'm a business owner in CA, and just failed to pay rent to my business landlord after 6 years that I paid on time. He gave me a 3-days termination notice. 2 days later I came to pay in full but he rejected me. is that okay?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What does it mean when my ex wants 100% legal custody of our son? My ex-husband wants 100% legal custody of our son. What exactly does this mean?  Would he be 100% responsible for our son if he got into trouble with the law?  Would I have to pay child support?  We would have 50/50 physical custody.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Idaho
Question regarding borrowing money from an online payday lender? I borrowed money from an online payday lender. I paid part of the money and now I have no job. They have filed a claim against me. I called the person that has the claim and ask if I could make payments. I was told no I would have to go to court for fraud. What do I do to keep from going to court.	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Is there any way to opt out early in my lease?  is there any way to opt out early in my lease? It said in the contract it is a two year lease, but it also says that there is annual renewal period where if 60 days notice is given we can opt out. We want to move because our neighbor has been a real burden.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it okay for plaintiffs to sue on the behalf of their children in the Buffalo Creek Disaster? In the Buffalo Creek Disaster, many plaintiffs sued on the behalf of their children. Where, in law, does it state that this is ok?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Can my wages be garnished for student loans when I am making reg payment? I fell behind on my student loan payments, but have been making payments of $200.00 each month for the past few months.  The ACT group have been calling me at home and at work threatening to garnish my wages unless I set up an agreement where they can take monthly drafts of an amount they will determine out of my bank account.  Can they do this?	Finance Questions	Texas
Am I eligible to bring my relatives if I am green card holder? I'm a green card holder. Am I eligible to bring my relatives here?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
Are there grounds for false charges? If someone lies to put you in jail, then in trial you are found not guilty of the charge they accused you of. Do you have any grounds for suit for false charges?	Criminal Questions	California
Do I need to change the name on green card or can I just apply for citizen ship in one step? I'm looking for immigration lawyer. I was married to US citizen for almost 7 years, got divorced and recently remarried. I was going to apply for citizenship myself, but my green card is showing my previous married name. do I need to change the name on green card or can I just apply for citizen ship in one step?	Immigration Questions	Illinois
Can a person get a divorce without the other party signing? Can a person get a divorce without the other party signing?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What can I do put a stop to a property dispute? I live in Tampa, Fl .  My neighbor's children play ball (thankfully they use a tennis ball) in their yard; but the batted ball rolls over my roof or lands in  my yard and the kids use my front yard as an part of their "field".  I've talked to the parent to no avail.  What can I do to put a stop to this property dispute?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
How long does it take to get a divorce? I need to know how long does it take to get a divorce?	Family Questions	California
Is will needed if both spouses' names on all possessions? Do we need a will if my husband and I are both on everything we own? He says a will would just take time to probate.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
Am I entitled to any benefits if I lived with my boyfriend for 3 years? I have lived with my boyfriend for 3 years. Am I entitled to any benefits?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What can I do if the real estate agent won't give me my money back after I invested my 401k? I invested my 401k with a real estate agent in something called promissory notes to get money monthly and now he closed down his office and doesn't want to pay my money back. What can I do? I need help.	Real Estate Questions	California
Will it count against me if I move out on my wife if we get a divorce? Will it count against me if I move out on my wife if we get a divorce?	Family Questions	New York
What would be the first steps I need to take in order to transfer my mother closer to me once he dies? My mother has Alzheimer's, and now lives in Arlington Washington with her husband. He has been diagnosed with lung cancer and has approx. six months to live. What would be the first steps I need to take in order to transfer her to Amelia Island Florida once he dies? I need to have her closer to where I live and work.	Family Questions	Florida
Can a corporation represent itself? can a corporation represent itself in Washington state?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What's the rules for tax regulations? Is it legal to claim one of your children on your tax return if you're divorced and have 3 children with your current spouse?	Family Questions,Tax Questions	Ohio
What can I do legally to get paid past commissions ($200K) from the company I work for, for sales made from 2007 thru 2011? What can I do legally to get paid past commissions ($200K) from the company I work for, for sales made from 2007 thru 2011?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Permitted by legal rights to move with my child support? I am separated from my husband and have been for almost a year now. I am going after full custody in the divorce. If I stay in the state of Florida as long as I have full custody, how far am I permitted by my legal rights to move?How far am I permitted by my legal rights to move with my child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What action to take when website selling images wants to settle? I used an image from a website who is in the business of selling rights managed, royalty free and subscription images.  They want to settle for $2,200.00.  Do I have any grounds for a defense?  Thank you very much.	Copyright Questions	Iowa
What steps do i need to change my ex-husband's physical custody of our children? My ex-husband has physical custody of our children, and I would like to change that. What steps do i need to do that?	Family Questions	California
how long do I have if I got a eviction notice in the mail for unpaid rent? I got a notice of eviction in the mail for unpaid rent. How long do I have? What should I do?	Real Estate Questions	California
If I drive from my home to first client of the day, do I get compensation for those miles? Mileage reimbursement. If I drive from my home to first client of the day, do I get compensation for those miles?	Employment Questions	New York
If something is given to me, is it my property and do I have a right to it even though I am underage? If something is given to me, even if someone else may have purchased it, is it my property and do I have a right to it even though I am underage?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Possible to fire an employee if they say that they have a gun in the house even though he's joking? Is it possible to fire an employee if they say that they have a gun in the house even though he's joking to his co-worker?	Employment Questions	Florida
Is it the landlord's responsibility to provide an alternative source for the tenants? If your landlord is having plumbing work done and you are going to unable to use your bathroom for 7-10 days, is it the landlord's responsibility to provide an alternative source for the tenants?	Real Estate Questions	California
What do I do if the employer that contracted me is late in paying an invoice? What do I do if the employer that contracted me is late in paying an invoice (2 days and counting past the 30 day window)? They are now in breach of contract. Do I need a new contract? Should I put a late penalty in my next invoice? If, so how much?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What can I do if I can't find a job when someone is taking legal action against me? I just got a letter saying they are going to take legal action if i can't pay. I owe $27,000 and am trying to find a good job but with no license It is difficult. What can I do?	Family Questions	Colorado
Questions on being the executor? My aunt just passed away, she has a will and I am the executor.  I've never done anything like this before so my questions are       1)  what do I do now?         2)  do I have to hire an attorney?      If I have to hire someone does it have to be the person who prepared the will?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can my employer tell me that I can't talk to any of my coworkers? Can my employer tell me that I can't talk to any of my coworkers about the reason of my 3-day suspension?	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal to lower my pay if I do the rule of a med tec all day?  I'm a lpn on a personal care unit, my title is resident care coordinator. Sometimes I work the med carts also,but we have med techs to do this task. Is it legal to lower my pay if I do the rule of a med tec all day? I thought if you are a nurse, you get paid a nurse wage, regardless of the work that you do.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If our one year lease is up, do we still have to abide by the expired lease?  Our one year lease is up. What are our restrictions? Do we still have to abide by the agreements of the expired lease?  What rights do we have?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
In the event of a divorce is the husband entitled to any part of the property if his name is not on the deed? My daughter is on the deed with her father on the house & property, In the event of a divorce is her husband entitled to any part of the property if his name is not on the deed? This is in Pennsylvania.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How to get money after winning small claims judgement? I recently won a small claims judgement for $5,000 on a incorporated business in Florida. What can I do to get my money?	Commercial Questions,Consumer Questions,Legal Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Florida
Anything I can do if my daughter has hurt her foot and her father is not following doctor's orders? I live in Florida. My children are having their summer visit with their father. My daughter has hurt her foot and the doctor has told us to keep her off of her foot as much as possible and to get her crutches so she is not walking on it. But her father is not following doctor's orders and is taking her to do several activities that she has to stand and use her foot. Is there anything I can do?	Family Questions	Florida
If a person has been labeled as unstable, is it considered dangerous to his child what can be done? If a person has been labeled as unstable and is under Dr care to take medication, and is considered dangerous to his child what can be done	Family Questions	California
Is it legal to drink alcohol on your own property in PA? Is it legal to drink alcohol on your own property in PA?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I have a lien put on property for money owed? Someone owes me $100,000.00 and we have an agreement notarized, is that enough to place a lien on his properties?	Criminal Questions	California
Question on elder law? Elder Law Question: Setting up a caregiver agreement allows a reductions in assets over time.  Can an agreement be made stating that instead of a salary being given to the caregiver, a gift is being made to the caregiver's children, thereby avoiding possible income taxes and still decreasing the elder's assets to avoid the Medicaid look back if future assistance is needed?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Do you still have to do a divorce with children or can it be done without children? when getting a divorce, and there were children from the marriage, but neither spouse has custody of the children, do you still have to do a divorce with children or can it be done without children??	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What do I do if my last employer won't give me my last week's worth of work pay? I just quit my job. The place was paying me without taking out any taxes, and now won't give me my last week's worth of work pay. What should I do?	Employment Questions	Nevada
What are my rights if I was discharged from my live-in position and have no where to live? Hello,My name is Angel. I am a caregiver. I was discharged from my live-in position and unfairly. I have no where to live. What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	California
If never served with a change of custody order can they take kids out of country without permission? If you were never served with a change of custody order can they take your kids out of country without your permission?	Family Questions	California
What is the best course of action if a debt collector is trying to serve me papers? A debt collector is trying to serve me papers. What is my best course of action?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What can I do if I am pregnant and my employer denies my request for a transfer? I work in a detention center for a police department. I am currently 10 weeks pregnant. I have expressed my concerns able the possibilities of being assaulted by a prisoner or getting an airborne diease. A few employees have gotten TB from here and I know if I get it while pregnant, I could have a miscarriage or premature labor. I want to transfer out somewhere else on the department, but they won't let me. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Missouri
What other options do I have to get my money back? I am trying to get a refund of my deposit on a house I was renting.  The owner refuses to give it back although the property was left in better shape than when we moved in.  He lives in another state and I cannot take him to small claims court.  What other options do I have to get my money back?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If i filed for custody could I be granted sole legal and physical custody? I have a question regarding getting custody of my daughter. She is currently 4 months old, her father and I were in a relationship for a year and a half but never married. He has a prior felony conviction for car theft and a misdemeanor conviction of statutory rape, he also has a history of substance abuse. If i filed for custody could I be granted sole legal and physical custody?	Family Questions	California
What to do if I would like to put a lean on someone's home or any value? What to do if I would like to put a lean  on a someone's home or any value?	Consumer Questions	California
Is my uncle able to take the house away from my grandparents if he threatens with embezzlement? My uncle is trying to take my grandparents house away. He sent conviction notices to the house saying they have 60 days to get out or he is charging my aunt with embezzlement of my grandpa. The house is under my mother's name. Are they able to to take the house away?	Real Estate Questions	California
Any recourse if I was overcharged by a plumbing company? I was overcharged by a plumbing company, I contacted the financing bank (3rd party) and they agreed. The plumbing company agreed to refund my overcharge fee from the employee. So I have any recourse?	Consumer Questions	California
I have a paid up time share. Can I just not pay maintenance fees and walk away from it? I cannot sell it or give it away.	Real Estate Questions	Arizona
Is there statute of limitations for supplier debt? I had a business that was set up as an S Corp.  The sellers of the business offered seller financing.  We defaulted on that loan and they took the business back to satisfy the remaining balance.  I had sever supplier debts outstanding that were never paid.  I received a lawsuit today from one of the suppliers that are suing for $7.000.  According to their filing, the last activity on the account was 4/23/2007.  I know there is a statute of limitations for personal debt, is it the same for this type of debt?  I can not afford to pay this.	Consumer Questions,Legal Questions	Florida
Do I have a case against my former roommate for backed rent from when he moved out? I signed a lease to an apartment with a couple. They broke up and the girl moved out. The guy moved out shortly after and left me with all the rent and utility bills to pay alone. I stayed for a couple months after but eventually couldn't afford it alone and lost the apartment. Now the apartment has turned the debt over to collections and were being sued. My former roommate told me he was going to pay both mine and his portion because he knew he was wrong leaving me. Now he has changed his mind and says hes going to pay it and take me to small claims court. Do i have a case against him for backed rent from when he moved out? Does he have a case against me?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
If a dad pays child support does that mean you have to let him see his kids?
 If a dad pays child support does that mean you have to let him see his kids?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can two dealers be in same territory?  In Louisiana, can a commercial vehicle manufacturer appoint an additional dealer in a territory already represented by a dealer for that manufacturer?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	15
My friend cut his finger at work really bad. The owner of the restaurant said that he would pay the days he would be off. He was off a week and a half now. They did not pay him for those days and my friend is illegal. He doesn't have papers or have a work permit. What can he do?	Employment Questions,Immigration Questions	New Mexico
Can I sue my boss for defamation of character? Can I sue my boss for defamation of character?	Employment Questions	Tennessee
Can the father take me to court for back support if my son has been living with me for about a year? My son will be 20 in June and he has been living with me a little over a year. His father had custody and now he is taking me to court for back support. Can he do that?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If a parent with half custody dies, can someone else take their role? My ex-husband and I have already gone through court and had our custody battle finished for some time now. We understand what is expected of us since we both have half legal and half physical custody, and though we have had a few bumps in the road here and there; a question we have both thought about is troubling us. If one parent or the other should die for some reason, is there a way to have a person from deceased parents side to take on the deceased parent's rights? We both would want to name one person on our side as the parent that would take our place. We understand that children are not property, but we would not want our children to be taken away from either side by way of death thus leaving the alive parent with full custody.	Family Questions	Minnesota
If I find a picture online that I want to copy and use in a book that I'm writing (I cannot find the name of the photographer who took the picture), is this legal?	Copyright Questions	Nevada
Can a bank leave a voice mail detailing your returned checks, the amounts & to whom? can a bank leave a voice mail detailing your returned checks, the amounts & to whom?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Incorporating my LLC in Las Vegas? I have some questions about incorporating my LLC in Las Vegas?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Nevada
Do I have to give my boyfriend a notice when we have no written agreement and he helps me with the bills? I own my home. My boyfriend is living with me. He is giving me money to help with bills. I want him to move out. Do I have to give him notice? We have no written agreement.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Legal to ask how much money you made at your previous job during an interview? Legal to ask how much money you made at your previous job during an interview?	Employment Questions	California
Can your work go against child custody agreements for working hours? Can your place of employment go against child custody agreements for working hours?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can manager take the money I paid for my HOA dues to pay for toilet repair, then charge for my HOA dues? Can a condo manager take the money I paid for my HOA dues to pay for toilet repair (replace a cold water fill valve in the water tank that he is charging me $350.66), then charge me late fee for my HOA dues?	Consumer Questions	California
Is it legal if I signed a purchase order today at a car dealership and gave them a deposit on a vehicle and they sold it two hours later to someone else? Is it legal if I signed a purchase order today at a car dealership and gave them a deposit on a vehicle and they sold it two hours later to someone else?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
How much can a manager increase your rent of an apartment?  How much can a manager increase your rent of an apartment?	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I need a lawyer to receive a settlement for my surgery? I work for the school district. I have had surgery on my shoulder and want to know if I need a lawyer to receive a settlement. So far they have paid for everything. But I have lost almost five months of searching for a full time job do to my accident.	Personal Injury Questions	California
Am I financially responsible for my daughter if she has a son, not married and in college? My daughter is 20 years old and has a one year old son. She is not married  and in college. Am I Financially responsible for her?	Family Questions	California
Can Connecticut paving construction companies ask for a higher price t Can Connecticut paving construction companies ask for a higher price than what is on the contract if unexpected problems arise?	Criminal Questions	Connecticut
marriage question I live in NJ and got married in NY. Does NJ recognize my gay marriage as anything?	Family Questions	New Jersey
Possible to reopen my case with another lawyer if he didn't tell me all the options? Okay I have a lawyer. And I feel like they didn't take care of my case like they should of cause he was telling me that the insurance company won't offer but 11,800. My 2 kids and I were hurt in the rear end accident.That was caused by the other party that didn't have any insurance. I want to know if I settle for that offer? Is it possible that I can reopen the case with another lawyer?	Personal Injury Questions	Missouri
Is there a law about a grace period of seven minutes? Is there such a law in California stating about having a grace period of seven minutes either to be early to work or late or is that something just with the company I work for?	Employment Questions	California
When using brackets around a signature on a contract, what does that mean? When using brackets around a signature on a contract, what does that mean?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can I get commission on my off day?  I sell cars in Illinois. Can the owner take away my commission for not coming in on my day off to finish the delivery of a car?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Does my sister's POA status end when our father died without a will? My dad died without a will. My sister had the power of attorney while he was alive. Does that end now?  Are we allowed to sell the house and furniture?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If I owe an apartment $400 can they place a judgement against me? If I owe an apartment $400 can they place a judgement against me?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can i be sued for liable or slander if I call or refer to someone as a liar and/or incompetent? Can i be sued for liable or slander if I call or refer to someone as a liar and/or incompetent?	Personal Injury Questions	Alabama
How can I evict a live in boyfriend? Have a live in boyfriend that refuses to move out of my house. I live in Georgia. We have lived in this house almost 4 years. He does get mail at this address and nothing is in his name. How can I evict him? Does he have any rights to my house?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
If my landlord short sales her house and bank approves, does landlord have right to enter property? If my landlord short sales her house and bank approves sale does landlord have right to enter property?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I sell roommate's belongings if he has not paid rent or been home for 30 days? I have a roommate, he has not paid his portion of the rent in three months, he also has not paid the electric bill as agreed upon moving in. I have tried contacting him with phone calls, voice mails, and text messaging. He has not been here in more than 30 days at least. Can i sell his things?	Contract Questions,Financial Questions,Legal Questions	New Jersey
Should we liquidate or set up some kind of trust if we want to protect our Mom's assets in the event she enters a nursing home? We would like to know how to protect Moms assets in the event she enters a nursing home. Should we liquidate or set up some kind of trust? My brother and sister have power of atty. although they are unsure what would be the best way to protect her assets.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Obtaining citizenship in Canada. If an American woman gives birth to a child in Canada, by a Canadian man, can that woman automatically become a citizen of Canada?	Family Questions,Immigration Questions	Mississippi
How do I copyright idea for TV show or movie? How do I copyright an idea for a TV show or movie?	Copyright Questions	Oklahoma
Do I have a claim against my uncle who had power of attorney and sold the estate before settling my father's part of the estate? My father died about 4 years ago. my uncle had power of attorney but sold the estate before settling my father's part of the estate.  Do I have a claim against him?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How do I get sole custody of my son?  If my son's grandmother took my son and I'm the legal guardian, what will I have to do to get him back? Also, what do I have to do in getting sole custody, so his father wouldn't be able to take him either.	Family Questions	Florida
What is the procedure and costs to add by hyphenated the last name of my child? What is the procedure and costs to add by hyphenated the last name of my child? We were not married and father lives in another state and has not seen the child for (10yrs ). It would be in my daughter's best interest for her last name to be as mine.	Family Questions	Florida
What do I do if my work overworks me and charges me for the insurance & not documenting it? I work a minimum of 45 hours a week for a small LLC. I work 6 days a week. I am the only person in my office that is required to work ALL holidays, weekends. I have never missed a day of work and was promised either a raise or insurance. I chose insurance. They are charging me for the insurance & not documenting that it is coming out of my pay. I am also not permitted to take any sort of breaks. I will work an 11, 12 hour shift with no lunch breaks - I am permitted to get up to use the restroom or to get a drink/food if we are not busy. I work an average of 40 hours of overtime a month and have never gotten paid for it. It has gotten so stressful that I am currently having a lot of medical issues. I don't know what to do!	Employment Questions	Connecticut
Can I withhold rent if my landlord broke into my home and damaged my property? Can I withhold rent if my landlord broke into my home and damaged my property?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can an employer require someone to be on stand-by for work and not get paid for it?  Can an employer require someone to be on stand-by for work and not get paid for it? Also does a person have to be on stand-by for 4 days over a holiday with out pay unless going in to work?	Employment Questions	California
If I work for a business which is headquartered in MA, but I am in FL, whose labor laws must I follow? If I work for a business who is headquartered in MA, but I am in FL, whose labor laws must I follow?	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do if I voluntarily let a truck go back & they have already sold it for less than I owe? What to do if I voluntarily let a truck go back & they have already sold it for less than I owe?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
How do I file for joint custody? I recently split up with my baby's mom and I really am worried she might not let me see my daughter. I want to file for joint custody. I was wondering how would I go about doing so?	Family Questions	California
Once I start paying rent in my parents' household, what are my legal rights?  Once I start paying rent in my parents' household, what are my legal rights? Can I go out when I want too? I'm 20.	Family Questions	California
How can I waive a late cancellation fee?	Consumer Questions	California
Are verbal agreements binding and legal in the state of MA? Are verbal agreements binding and legal in the state of MA?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Regain my medical rights as a father if court gave mother rights after I started immunizations? Court gave mother medical rights after I started immunizations. Is there anyway to regain my medical rights as a father? I reside in San Diego, CA	Family Questions	California
Can I collect if I fell down accidentally in the porch of my house? I have accident insurance. I fell down accidentally in the porch of my house . The accident caused compression fracture of my L3-L4 vertebra. I work part time job. I am unable to work since May 28, 2012 because unable to walk despite rigid Physical Therapy. Can I collect?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
What to do if I had a slip and fall on the 7-9-2012 at the place where i volunteer at? What to do if I had a slip and fall on the 7-9-2012 at the place where i volunteer at?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
If I file for divorce & receive sole custody of my child, can I move out of the state with my child? If I file for divorce in the state of California and receive sole custody of my child, can I move out of the state with my child?	Family Questions	California
Does employer have to pay semi-monthly paycheck to employee by law in California? Does employer have to pay semi-monthly paycheck to employee by law in California? How do I know which Gov. department is? If the employer has less than 5 employees, can we have exception?	Employment Questions	California
Question regarding a custody battle between my boyfriend and his ex-mother-in-law? My boyfriend and his ex-mother-in-law are involved in a custody dispute with him being awarded temporary full custody of the kids. Twice now when she drops the boys off after her weekend visit the cops have been called. She also says she contacted DCF and the police about a bruise on one of the kids that we have no idea how it has happened. My question is can i file a restraining order against her for me and my 3 kids so that she cannot come near me or my kids. I do not want my kids exposed to her verbally abusive person.	Family Questions	Connecticut
What should I do if I need to get my son legitimized and I don't have the money to pay a lawyer? I need to get my son legitimized and I don't have the money to pay a lawyer. What should I do?	Family Questions	California
Does a U.S. Citizen have to pay any type of tax on capital gain realized on the sale of a house in Peru if he has already paid all taxes to the Peruvian Authorities on the sale? Does a U.S. Citizen living in the state of Georgia have to pay any type of  tax on capital gain realized on the sale of a house in Peru (South America) if he has already paid  all taxes to the Peruvian Authorities on the sale?  Is their double taxation on this completed transaction?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What to do when a homeowner accuses me of not performing the project when I did it 16 times? I was contracted to build and install custom cabinets for a homeowner. After constructing the cabinetry the owner stove and changing the complete design, I started a new set of cabinets and they stopped and changed again and again and again. It's been 16 times now and they want their money back and have accused me of not performing the project.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Am I allowed to live with my cousin who is my father's power of attorney?  I am 16 and I want to live with my father now, but he's going over seas for a year in a few months. Am I allowed to live with my cousin who is my fathers power of attorney?	Family Questions	Texas
If I was in an car accident and it was the other person's fault, does my pip still cover medical? If I was in an car accident and it was the other person's fault, does my pip still cover medical as well as the other person covering mine?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Does some have the right to give me a lie detector test? Does some have the right to give me a lie detector test?	Criminal Questions	New York
Is legal to be paid straight for overtime? Is legal to be paid straight for overtime?	Employment Questions	Michigan
If I buy a vehicle with a cosigner do they have any rights over the vehicle as long as I'm making payments? If I buy a vehicle with a cosigner do they have any rights over the vehicle as long as I'm making payments?	Consumer Questions	New York
Is it a violation of my HIPAA rights for sharing my private med procedures to the wrong insurance which in turn sent the denial form to my ex, who now knows what med procedure I had performed? My dr office somehow mailed my recent surgery bill to my ex-wife and at no time was her insurance info given to them. I do not know how they got it, and when I called they informed me that the only info on file for me is my current wife whom I am insured thru. Is this a violation of my HIPAA rights for sharing my private med procedures to the wrong insurance which in turn sent the denial form to my ex, who now knows what med procedure I had performed?           Thank you, Dan	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a company legally require you to have your paycheck direct deposited only in bank that they use? Can a company legally require you to have your paycheck direct deposited only in the bank that they use?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
Am I legally divorced after being legally separated 7 years? Am I legally divorced after being legally separated 7 years?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
Can married couple jointly own property, and as tenants in common with third person? In California, can a married couple own property jointly with each other, and as tenants in common with a third person?	Real Estate Questions	California
What should I do if my tenant left damaged carpet after moving out? My tenant moved out after four years. The carpet was new when the originally tenant moved in. Now, the carpet is no longer useable. I believe the tenant never took resonable care of the carpet. What shall I do?	Real Estate Questions	California
How to buy a house? How to buy a house?	Real Estate Questions	California
What do I need to do to get my daughter back if I have temporary custody to my father? I gave temporary custody of my daughter to my father and now I want to know what I need to do to get her back?	Family Questions	Florida
Question regarding being in the dentist office? I was in the dentist office and as I was getting my teeth fixed she put a hole in my teeth and now i have to take pain pills for the pain.	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Can mortgage be sold to another mortgage company without consent? Is it legal to sell my mortgage to another mortgage company without my consent?	Banking Law Questions,Real Estate Questions	Hawaii
What is the time limit to file a lawsuit? What is the time limit to file a lawsuit?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Question regarding a moving company move my stuff from MA to FL with damages? I had a moving company move me from MA to FL.  I have been trying to get in touch with them for 1 1/2 weeks now with no one calling me back.  I received my furniture finally but some of it is broken and one item is in pieces due to the mover dropping it off the back of the truck.  Also my family heirloom china is completely smashed.  I am still waiting on 2 credits from them.  What can I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can I remove the last name of my ex when I remarry? I still have my ex husband last name. Can I remove his last name when I remarry again?	Immigration Questions	Pennsylvania
What are my options to have my neighbor cut or remove their tree that is crossing my property line? My neighbor's tree is crossing my property line. I would like for them to cut the branches or remove the tree. What are my options?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can the father make us move back to Florida if he signed the birth certificate?  I had my daughter at 16 and her father signed the birth certificate. He has not been apart of her life since she was born. We have not went to court for child support or paternity. I just recently moved out of state an he all of a sudden starts to care. Can he get rights to my daughter? Can he make us move back to Florida? Can I get in trouble for moving with my family?	Family Questions	Michigan
In FL can your employer confiscate tips in order to pay inventory shortages? In Florida can your employer confiscate tips in order to pay inventory shortages? I work at a small business in Florida and something my employers have recently begun doing is confiscating our tips in order to pay for "inventory shortages". Although we have never seen these shortages, and we are not even allowed to count or keep track of how many tips they are taking. Is all of this legal?	Employment Questions	Florida
What is my recourse if I've hurt my neck in a car accident? I have hurt my neck in a card accident. What is my recourse?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Are we required to pay royalties each time we sing purchased songs and use the video in our services? Our Church purchased the video versions of songs to be used within our services.  We do not plan to utilize these videos for any broadcast, performance, or streaming video in any way.  We simply plan to use them within the congregation of the church that purchased them.  Are we required to pay royalties each time we sing these songs and use the video in our services?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Georgia
How do I file charges against a person for destroying mailbox? My mailbox was hit by a vehicle, left lying in pieces in the road and in my neighbor's yard.  The mail was scattered in the road.  No one saw the occurrence.I found out 12 days later who ran into it, totally destroying it and then just drove off.  How do I file charges against the irresponsible person?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Is there a way a father can get out of child support? Is there a way a father can get out of child support?	Family Questions	California
Could it be a lawsuit if the doctor gave me meds I didn't need and I became sick and depressed? The doctor gave me meds I didn't need. After the fact, I took them and became sick and depressed. Could that be an lawsuit?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
What is the proper amount I can sue if I cut my foot at a bank? I cut my foot at a bank and receive 3 stitches. What is the proper amount I can sue for?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Should a product be patent first of copyright first? Should a product be patent first of copyright first?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if the man who I bought the car from won't fix my car when it broke the same day I bought it? I bought a car and the same day it broke down and the man I bought doesn't want to help fix and I have receipts of my money I gave him. What can I do? Please help me	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What can I do if my statute of limitations is 3 years and there's confusion on who caused the accident? I was involved in an auto accident. I filed a claim. I had several witnesses. I was told by the adjuster that the identified person was not the one who caused the accident due to my witness description of her and the vehicle. The tag info was traced and she was identified as person. My statute of limitations is 3 years. What can I do?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What are the laws regarding service dogs in California? What are the laws regarding service dogs in the state of California?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What constitutes legal retention of a lawyer? What constitutes legal retention of a lawyer?	Family Questions	Connecticut
/questions/bfb534183c/child-performers-and-contract-law/

Can you get fired after being hired because you're a convicted felon? Can you get fired after being hired because you're a convicted felon?	Employment Questions	Mississippi
Do I have the right to sue if my boyfriend drowned at a city pool cause the lifeguards were negligent? My boyfriend of 1.5 years passed away from an accidental drowning at the city pool. The lifeguards were negligent. Do I have the right to sue since Al honors common law?	Personal Injury Questions	Alabama
How would I go about fixing an immigration status? I am an American citizen and I am married to a Cuban who lost his residency in 1996 due to a drug charge which he served 10 months in Texas. I am not sure what the charge is but i do know it is NOT trafficking. He is currently on immigration probation which he reports every 2 months to immigration. I wanted to know how would I go about fixing his immigration status?	Immigration Questions	Florida
What to do if a landlord gives a tenant constant grief? my daughter has a rude landlord who comes by whenever she wants and cuts trees and bushes down. She gives them grief about the recycles in containers on the porch, and about the children's toys on the patio. My daughter keeps the house and surrounding area up and it is not bad at all just normal every day living. She has to keep the grass, weeds and branches up which she does but, this woman comes a lot and doesn't even give them a chance to do it when they can. She just does it and then gives them grief. This property is in Pa. and is a quarter mile back in the woods where no one can even see it. Is the landlord allowed to do this?Thanks, Mom Jones	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
In the state of Colorado, can a paternity test be used to change a child's last name from the man's who is not the father to the mother's last name? In the state of Colorado, can a paternity test be used to change a child's last name from the man's who is not the father to the mother's last name? The man and mother were married for 8 years but are now divorced.	Family Questions	Utah
Can I be hired as an hourly employee for the business?   For the past 3 years I have been a sole proprietor for a dance instruction company.  This year I have changed to an LLC with 1 additional owner/manager.  Our duties are clearly defined (she handles recitals, costumes, employee hiring, ect.) and I handle program development, new clients, and when needed dance instruction.  Our Operating agreement is a 50/50 split.  The question is can I be hired as an hourly employee for the business?  We are a few months from hiring our first employee and transferring our existing clients to the LLC.  What we are hoping is that my hours will decrease over the next year or two, so we would rather not adjust the operating agreement.  Thank you.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
What do I do if the plaintiff has evidence contradicting the original contract? I am a small time contractor being sued in civil court because a home owner claims my work was not up to par. He turned in a copy of his contract (exhibit 2) and on his contract he has written things that are not written on the original contract. It seems like the plaintiff is trying to slip something in here. What do I do now/next?	Contract Questions	New York
What is the legal age to contract in the state of MI? What is the legal age to contract in the state of MISSISSIPPI?	Real Estate Questions	Mississippi
How am I able to get my good faith money back if the contract is cancel? How am I able to get my good faith money back if the contract is cancel?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Setting visitation days for children's father. I have legal and physical custody of my two children (4 and 8). Their father has reasonable rights to visitation. Do I have the right to tell him his visitation has to be for set times and days?	Family Questions	California
How can I reverse my residence to just myself? I put my residence in mine and my three of age children. They signed no paperwork. How can I reverse this back to just myself?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What is the copyright issue if I need to use images of the wives of several famous historical figures? I need to use images of the wives of several famous historical figures. What is the copyright issue, i.e. Mrs Einstein, Mrs Picasso, Mrs Truman?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can state take back child support from inmate's money account? Can the state take money from a jail inmate's money account for back child support?	Criminal Questions	Arizona
Can I sue for fraudulently selling me something he did not own when he had a lien on the land? I bought a piece of land with a contract stating it was owned free and clear. I bought a home and put on the land, now I have a perspective buyer, and found out the person who sold me the land had a lien on the land. Now I can not sale the land. Can I sue for fraudulently selling me something he did not own?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it legal to be working 12 days in a row? I am the general manager of a restaurant in Georgia and have been working 55 - 70 hours or more a week. Right now I have worked 12 days in a row and I will be looking at working close to a month without a full day off. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can my employer deduct the cost of having the locks changed from my paycheck? I am a salary employee and I lost my work keys. Can my employer deduct the cost of having the locks changed from my paycheck?	Employment Questions	California
What recourse do I have for continued harassment by a coworker? A coworker has named me in a lawsuit against our employer alleging I conspired with superiors to prevent her from performing. Do I have any recourse?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
is a proxy responsible for financial obligations related to health care of family member? is a proxy responsible for financial obligations related to health care of family member?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Wisconsin
Am I allowed to not pay my rent until the air conditioner problem is solved? I live in an apartment in Riverside, CA. I have lived here just shy of a year. My air conditioner and heater have worked about 3 months of that time. I have had about 13 service calls and the problem remains the same. Does it get to a point where I'm allowed to not pay my rent until this is solved?	Real Estate Questions	California
If a lawyer knows their client does not pay taxes to the IRS, are they obligated to turn them in? If a lawyer knows their client does not pay taxes to the IRS, are they obligated to turn them in?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
How long can they after child support after the child is over 21? How long can they after child support after the child is over 21?	Family Questions	California
Legal for my work to hold my paycheck unless I sign a contract? My employer is telling me that I can't receive my paycheck unless I sign a contract they have given me. I don't want to sign as I will be leaving this job soon. Can they do that?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Advantageous to register an LLC in the name of the website? A friend and I are starting a website, would it be more advantageous for us to register an LLC in the name of the website, or register it under an umbrella LLC? We have an umbrella LLC name which will be different from said website name. We're wondering what is most advantageous to do.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Wisconsin
How can a non-US citizen come to and set up a small business in the US? How can a non-US citizen come to and set up a small business in the US?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	05
Is it legal for another woman who is dating your child's father to post pictures on Facebook? Is it legal for another woman who is dating your child's father to post pictures on Facebook?	Family Questions	Illinois
How can I get the agreement enforced if my ex refuses? As apart of my divorce agreement there is a Qualified Domestic relations Order (Q-Dro), but my Ex refused to sign the papers that I paid to get prepared by Legal Dynamics.  I no longer live in the state where Our divorce was finalized.  How can I get the agreement enforced?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
What can I expect for financial settlement since everything is on my husband's name?  I've been married for 6years and it's both our second marriage. Since we got married, we never shared bank account . He has savings and i don't.  He has a house still paying for it and it's only on his name. I have 3 kids and still supporting two of them both of them from my first marriage. His kids are all grown ups. What can i expect for financial settlement since everything is on his name? We both have good income. Will i get part of his savings and assets? He also has a rental property aside from his house now but he had that before we got married.	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Should I go get my licenses before my court for this issue?
 I recently got pulled over for driving on a suspended license for the third time technically? Haven't gone to court for this ticket. My question is should I go get my licenses before my court for this issue?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Who do I turn in my video footage of my wife who needs baker acted to? Who do I turn in my video footage of my wife who needs baker acted to?	Family Questions	Florida
Can an employer stop you from getting employment insurance? Can an employer stop you from getting employment insurance?	Family Questions	California
What legal advice is available for women in NY? What legal advice is available for women in NY?	Family Questions	New York
What is the legal age for kids to be watching other kids alone and at night? What is the legal age for kids to be watching other kids alone and at night?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can a person file a scheduling order of divorce from their sons ex's for custody of a child they had? Can a person file a scheduling order of divorce from their sons ex-girlfriend (they were never married) for custody of a child they had in common?	Family Questions	Michigan
What happens when a person on probation gets a police report filed on them? What happens when a person on probation gets a police report filed on them?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Can my previous Landlord charge me for a kitchen faucet that he claims was cracked and needed to be replaced?  Can my previous Landlord charge me for a kitchen faucet that he claims was cracked and needed to be replaced? (the fixture was 6 years old)	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
Legal if my company to schedules 48 plus hours a week for the past 3 years? I am a salaried employee. My company schedules us 48 plus hours a week for the past 3 years. Is this legal?  I am changing companies and want to know if I am entitled to past overtime wages?	Employment Questions	California
What are my options if my estranged wife has filed for divorce? My estranged wife has filed for divorce in Florida.  My residence is NY.  What are my options and what legal cost would be associated with each options?Thank you.	Family Questions	New York
Am I legally entitled to rest breaks if I'm a part-time employee at a winery and are given 30 mins for lunch? I am a part-time employee at a winery.  We are given 30 mins for lunch if worked 6 hrs.  However, we are not given any rest period breaks. Are we legally entitled to rest breaks?  (Other wineries nearby offer 10 and 15 min rest breaks.)	Employment Questions	California
Is it true that a couple must be legally separated of 6 months before obtaining a divorce? In the state of Colorado, is it true that a couple must be legally separated of 6 months before obtaining a divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Can you be terminated from a job in one state for something that was done in another state?  Can you be terminated from a job in one state for something that was done in another state? I was a CNA in Texas in 1997 and my CNA license was revoked. I now work at Walgreens and they have suspended me because of it. This was 15 years ago. Why am I being punished?	Criminal Questions	California
What papers does my family need to carry if they come with my old employer VISA? My H1 VISA and H4 VISA Stamping for family (spouse and kid) was done last year. but I came here alone with out my family on H1 and i have shifted my company after coming here.  Can my family travel to US with same H4 VISA  (my old employer) along with my copy of new approved petition or do they need to go for fresh stamping again with my new approved petition? What documents do they need to carry if they come with my old employer VISA? Please let me know.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
How can I go about receiving book value for the vehicle, and who do I sue? I had a car that I received permission to park on private property. The car had no insurance or registration. I left the car there a month, checking up on it periodically. The day I went to pick it up, it was gone. I was told someone broke into my car and put it on a dolly, and took it to a junkyard and received $200 to junk it. How can I go about receiving book value for the vehicle, and who do I sue? The man who gave me permission to park the vehicle or the man who removed my vehicle from his property?	Criminal Questions	New York
If I fell in Walmart on something on the floor am I entitled to a settlement from them? If I fell in Walmart on something on the floor am I entitled to a settlement from them?	Personal Injury Questions	Kansas
Do I have to go get the car and bring it back to Dallas when I don't want the car? I got a title loan in Texas and my boyfriend ran off to California with the car and left it in some apts and now it's been towed. I don't want the car and am surrendering it to title max. Now the title max says they are not going to California to pick up car that I'm liable for it . Do I have to go get it and bring it back to Dallas when I don't want the car?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Can the grandparents get custody of the child if they are taken away from CPS? If CPS takes away a child from unfit parents, can the grandparents get custody of the child?	Family Questions	California
Do I need to get an LLC in every state that I sell to?  I am a resident in Iowa, but am starting a business that will sell not only online, but in California as well. Can I start my LLC in California, have the place where the products are stored and packed in Iowa, and maintain my residency in Iowa as I will be selling mainly in California? I will also be selling in other states, via distributors. Do I need to get an LLC in every state that I sell to?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Alabama
Question regarding my landlords trying to evict me for non-payment? My landlords trying to evict me for non payment. I have paid the money and its not recorded on the paperwork as being paid. What do I do?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
What to do if my son is now 16 and wants to live with me but I live in another state? What to do if my son is now 16 and wants to live with me but I live in another state?	Family Questions	California
What are my rights for managing apartment for free rent where landlord wants rent? I have been managing my apartment building for five month in exchange for free rent. I have personally spent a good amount of money on repairs for other tenants. My landlord now wants his rent money but won't reimburse me for the repairs. What is my legal right?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
If I signed papers and now the papers are coming back at me stating another thing, can I sue? If I signed papers and never got now the papers are coming back at me stating another thing and I can't read can I sue them?	Employment Questions	New York
Can a business charge a service on past due balances of accounts that they sell to? Can a business in New York State charge a service charge on past due balances of accounts that they sell to?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
When my organization hires a person (not as an employee) to do a specific task, do they need to have a contractor's license? When my organization hires a person (not as an employee) to do a specific task, do they need to have a contractor's license?	Employment Questions	California
What form(s) do I need to fill out to change the custody order?  The final judgement of dissolution of marriage was completed back in 2004 with my ex (she), getting custody of our two children. About a year ago, we (she and I), have decided that the children would be better off living with me...and they do. My question is what form(s) do I need to fill out to change the custody order? I have been on the Florida courts website (forms) and it is difficult to figure out. Any help would be great.Thanks	Family Questions	Florida
If a wife receives 14% of her husband's retirement pay, does the alimony stop when she remarries?  in the state of California, if a wife receives 14% of her husbands military retirement pay and she remarries, does the alimony stop when she remarries? if it does stop is she liable for repayment of the money that she has collected over a time frame of 13 yrs.if it supposed to stop how do you get it stopped?	Family Questions	California
Can a landlord terminate your lease because he sold the building? Can a landlord terminate your lease because he sold the building?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What happens if father dies with no will and other siblings say his personal items were gifted to them just prior to his death? What happens if father dies with no will and other siblings say his personal items were gifted to them just prior to his death? It is just their word about this. Are these items part of his estate?Also, if sister has POA 5 months prior to dads death & there is no will, does she need to have accounting of how his funds were spent during this time?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Question about holding rent concerning hot water knob? Is it okay to hold rent if you have reported your bath tubs hot water knob and won't turn off the water anymore? The landlord says to just turn my hot water off there and there is nothing she can do.	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it possible that the Defendant claims that his corporate in-house lawyer should be reimbursed as part of the costs? I was the losing plaintiff in a small claims case. Both parties were represented pro se. The Defendant claims that his corporate in-house lawyer should be reimbursed as part of the costs. Is this possible?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
Can I sign my kids over to my sister to get them out of foster care in Arizona? Can I sign my kids over to my sister to get them out of foster care in Arizona?	Family Questions	Arizona
What can we do to get the car back? I made car payments for my dad and the person who the car is actually under will not give the pink slip to my dad after all the payments have been made. The car owner signed a document that we typed up, stating that he will go to the DMV and sign the car over to my dad after the final payment. When that final payment was done we asked him to sign the pink slip over. Instead, he grabbed the pink slip and drove off. He will not give it back. What can we do? We need the pink slip to sell the car because of so many problems with it.	Consumer Questions	California
I own a house.   My son lives there free.  He rented a room to a co-worker.  This renter has started smoking marijuana.  My son has told him to stop or get out.   My 8 year old granson lives there also.  How can we get this renter out?	Leasing Questions	Washington
Options if I'm in a house that went through a forecloser & the owner is trying to get me in 21 days? Options if I'm in a house that just went through a forecloser and the new owner is trying to get me it in 21 days?	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I need a will or can I have a power of attorney? I live in Colorado and own a home.  I want to know if I need to have a will, or if I can just do a power of attorney that will allow my child to sell my home after I die.	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
If I verbally tell my employer that I am going to submit my two weeks down the road, yet I do not give it in writing, is this considered a done deal? If I verbally tell my employer that I am going to submit my two weeks down the road, yet I do not give it in writing, is this considered a done deal? I decided not to give my two weeks notice and keep working, yet my employer stated they hired someone for my position so I could not do this. Do I have any recourse?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Right to get out of the lease if the toilet overflowed with no copy of the lease? I moved into a Florida apartment complex less than a month ago. I signed the lease but did not get copy. The following week I had my toilet over flow and bowl came up the tub as well. Do I have a right to get out of this lease?	Real Estate Questions	California
Are you legally responsible for paying back a former girlfriend for a gift of 2 airline flights after breaking up? Are you legally responsible for paying back a former girlfriend for a gift of 2 airline flights after breaking up?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
is it illegal for a farmer to pay workers under the table? is it illegal for a farmer to pay workers under the table?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How to get an annulment? I recently got married a few months ago in the state of Georgia. I was wanting to get an annulment since there is no children and assets with this person and wanted to know how can it be done?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Legal for a high school teacher to ask for social security and birth certificate number? My son is a junior in high school in the state of Virginia. His teacher wants him to prepare a folder for her that contains questions such as what is your social security number, who is your health care provider and the identifying number, and a copy of your birth certificate number.Is this legal?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
How to collect child support from a person you know works without using their social security number? How to collect child support from a person you know works without using their social security number?	Family Questions	California
As a landlord am I responsible to the tenant to take care of pest control situations? As a landlord am I responsible to the tenant to take care of pest control situations after the tenant has been there for 7 months?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding a dispute with our landlord? I am renting a room with my fiance in Hayward, CA. We had a dispute with our landlord/roommate. She gave us 6 days to move then misread dept. of consumer affairs guidelines and now gave us 2 weeks. We moved in with no lease or rental agreement although we asked for it.Agreed amount was 700.00 but she said she wanted to get paid every other Friday as that's when we get paid. There are some months with 3 paydays. She will end up getting paid too much.	Real Estate Questions	California
What should I do if I don't want to be going through probation again?  I work in a medical warehouse and lately, they have being drastically changing the so called rules. They don't give us any kind of benefits or plans and they have taken most holidays out of vacation times. They decided they wouldn't pay for over time anymore even though they ask you to stay longer. We recently were given a contract to sign in which it stated all the new rules and changes. The contract also states that once I sign, it would be in a 3 month period in which I can get fired with no reason or explanation. I have been here for 2 years and I don't know if it's right for me to agree to be in probation all over again. What should I do?	Employment Questions	New York
What are the chances of someone getting out of jail that has 3 misdemeanors and one felony charges? What are the chances of someone getting out of jail that has 3 misdemeanors and one felony charges?	Criminal Questions	California
If we cancel the lease can we get our security deposit back? A landlord said they would fix several items if we sign a new 1 year lease. So we signed the lease in Oct 2011 and a handyman was sent out shorty after but he was not capable to do any repairs. Here we are almost 5 months later and she reported to us she could not afford to do them. If we cancel the lease can we get our security deposit back??	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I be forced to work past 12 hours including my 30 min lunch? I'm in California and work for Frito Lay. Can I be forced to work past 12 hours including my 30 min lunch?	Employment Questions	California
Origin of right to privacy? How did right #12 (The right to privacy) become a right?	Criminal Questions	California
Can a regular employee in CO be let go because they have cancer and are unable to work? Can a regular employee in Colorado be let go because they have cancer and are unable to work?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Wife will not let me see daughters after separation. My wife and I have been seperated since July. Since this time she has not allowed me to see or spend time with my 2 daughters. What can I do?	Family Questions	California
How can I get my money back if a supplier is not cooperating? I have a problem with a supplier who I paid in advance for goods which have not been delivered. The supplier's bank account has been frozen. How can I get my money back?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is there a requirement to be physically separated before filing for divorce in the state of Indiana? Is there a requirement to be physically separated before filing for divorce in the state of Indiana? When does the clock start on the cooling off period?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
How do I file for divorce? I have 3 children and want to file for divorce. What is my first step?	Family Questions	California
Commercial lease in Florida question? I signed a commercial lease in Florida on Jan 19th. Approximately 5 weks later the building was sold to a new owner. Now the new property manager is implementing new policies and fees not agreed to in the lease I signed. Is this legal or does the new owner have to honor the lease I signed?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Legal if my wife trained a waitress so she can work with her boyfriend who is a cook? My wife works in one of the best restaurants in schdy. She has been there for 5 years. A better shift has come up and my wife is next in line in seniority to get it. The owners want to give the shift to a waitress my wife trained so she can work with her boyfriend who is a cook. This is our livelihood that these owners are playing with.This can't be legal? Can they do this?	Employment Questions	New York
Can I sue my company for applying pressure to stop a vendor from hiring me? Can I sue my company for applying pressure to stop a vendor from hiring me? I have been trying unsuccessfully for 10 months to attain a fair market adjustment for the job I am doing. They were not willing or able to give me the title and salary commensurate with the job I am doing, so I started looking elsewhere. I applied for a job with a vendor but now I am no longer under consideration because a person at my current company told them it was unethical for them to hire me.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can a recorded conversation be used against me in a domestic violence case? In California, can my boyfriend tape record our conversation without my permission and use it against me in a domestic violence case?	Family Questions	California
Would I have to take my name off the deed first if I want to do a living trust without my name? My mom and I are on the deed to her house and I want to do living trusts without my name. Would I have to take my name off the deed first?	Real Estate Questions	California
Will my husband be responsible for the half of debt I own for the house? I live in Santa Clara, CA- Me and my sister have mortgage on my sisters house, the house is in my sisters name but mortgage has us both responsible for payments. Can my husband ask for share in house?Will my husband be responsible for the half of debt I own for the house?	Family Questions	California
How do I reduce the Child Support and get rid of the Alimony?  I lost my job in April. And recently got a job. When I was with Winn- Dixie . I was court order to  $503.00 in Child support. I know longer work for that Company. I was wrongfully Fired. I made 22 dollars an hour with Winn- Dixie. I now make 11 dollars an Hour. and I don't get 40 hours a week. I can't pay the court order amount.  I'm also court ordered to pay Alimony for my Ex-wife to attend School, but she Hasn't went to School yet. How do I reduce the Child Support and get rid of the Alimony? It's been two years and she hasn't applied for School yet. She told the Courts she was going to School July or August of 2010.	Family Questions	Florida
What is the easiest way to proceed if I want to get married to my American boyfriend as I'm Canadian? My boyfriend and I are interested in getting married. I am 18 years old and I am 18 years old and about to start I university. The problem is I am a Canadian citizen while he is an American citizen. We are interested in moving to Toronto where I can still continue my education while being married. What is the easiest legal way to proceed?	Immigration Questions	Florida
I just received a bill from my ex-landlord after moving out 5 months ago. He is charging me for shampooing the carpet and then he bought new, and is charging me for the new carpet and also to repaint the place. Am I responsible for this? I live in Michigan.	Leasing Questions	Michigan
Can a penalty be charged for late rent?  In  Massuchusetts can a penalty be charged for late rent payment if paid by the 4th when due on first?	Leasing Questions	Massachusetts
Does my estranged husband have to pay his wife back the monies he kept from her after the filing of the divorce? When your husband leaves you and he's the sole income, not a legal document separation, divorced filed. Does he have to pay his wife back the monies he kept from her after the filing of the divorce? 10 months now and my attorney is just now seeking an emergency hearing for future payment of bills.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
On what basis do I value his membership interests if he withdraws from the company? My Co-Founder and I have added a third member to our Delaware LLC. We have given him minority ownership interests and are drawing up a new Operating Agreement. Since he is basically an Advisor, he is not putting any money into the firm, and his capital contribution is listed as $0. On what basis do I value his membership interests if he withdraws from the company, as it is stipulated in the agreement that in this event he is entitled to a distribution in an amount equal to the member's capital account?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
If I share custody with my ex, is he responsible for getting health insurance for the children as do I?  If I share custody with my ex husband of the children is he responsible for getting health insurance for the children as do I? Should he have his own insurance for them as well as his own doctor for them?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Would I be able to sue the university since they wrongfully disqualified me? The dean of my university disqualified me from the university and stated that she did so based on the catalog. After looking at the catalog and reading the policy on disqualification, I should not have been disqualified. Would I be able to sue them since they wrongfully disqualified me?	Employment Questions	California
If my child is not in the country do I still have to pay child support? If my child is not in the country do I still have to pay child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Does one illegal agreed-to statement in contract void entire contract? If in a contract, one of the agreed to statements is illegal, is the whole contract void?	Contract Questions	Indiana
Can I sell my deceased husband's car which is in his name without any problems? Can I sell my deceased husband's car which is in his name without any problems?  Do I sign my name or his name?  If I keep the car, can I register it in my name without any fees, etc.?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What are my legal options if I can't afford to pay on my debt?  I am trying to make arrangements to pay on a debt, but the credit said I need to pay more and I cant afford to pay. What are my legal options?	Tax Questions	Alabama
Is it legal to award such "virtual" shares to contributors?  Since our site is going to be filled with the content generated by users, we are going to award "virtual" shares of our company to those contributors based on their contribution.The "virtual" and "real" common shareholders will be equally treated in dividend payment, and "virtual" shareholders will be allowed to exchange their "virtual" shares for "real" common shares if and when our company goes public in five to ten years.  We are not sure about what legal issues will be involved in awarding "virtual" shares to contributors.  Is it legal to award such "virtual" shares to contributors?  Should awarding "virtual" shares be still cleared by all 50 state security law?  What are other legal ramifications of awarding "virtual" shares?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Why would a tenant not want a rent receipt from landlord? Why would a tenant not want a rent receipt from landlord?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
If I were to run a tournament of some sort and charged an entry fee is it legal to pay out cash prizes? If I were to run a tournament of some sort and charged an entry fee is it legal to pay out cash prizes?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
What is longest time a tenant must give the landlord notice when the initial lease agreement is about to end? What is longest time a tenant must give the landlord notice when the initial lease agreement is about to end?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
What do I have to do to get custody of my niece? What do I have to do to get custody of my niece?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If I separate from my military husband, can he make sure I can't leave Florida with our children? I am a military spouse (Dependent) & I need to know if I was going to get separated from my husband (military member), can he legally make it so I can not leave the state of Florida (Base assigned) with our 3 kids to move to VA, where both me & my husband are from?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I represent my LLC (or whatever legal structure) by myself all the time?  We own several houses in Maryland where which we rent out.  We believe we may be exposing ourselves to liability by not creating an LLC or some other entity that limits our exposure. But we're concerned that if we create some legal entity, we'll be forced to hire a lawyer every time we want to make motions in court to evict people and other normal legal filings we have to make. Is this true? Or can I represent my LLC (or whatever legal structure) by myself all the time?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Maryland
Can I file for divorce in New York if we got married in the Caribbean? my husband and I were married in the Caribbean. We reside  in New York. Can I file for divorce in the Caribbean? Would it be legal in New York?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Anything I can do if my neighbor's dog barks a lot and then the neighbor yell? My neighbor's dog barks a lot and then the neighbor yell.  Is there anything I can do?	Criminal Questions	California
Question regarding a grandmother asked to be evicted? I moved to an apartment 1.5 yrs ago. My complex was sold last year. My rent has always been paid on time or ahead of time. I received a voice-mail and letter in my mail that I have 30 days to move due to the business in the front need to expand.  I also received a reg letter to the same. I am a single grand-mother and have no idea how I'm suppose to  get first last and security in 30 days. Do I have any kind of rights? I've never been evicted before, but his words are he is terminating my lease due to the business in front needs to expand	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How do I start to become a lawyer? I'm a student looking for some answers for a project at school. My dream job is to become a family lawyer but I don't know what to do or where to go to start this dream. If you can send me schools, information how the job is, anything I would appreciate the help.	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can the transferring of a living trust done without the guidance of an attorney? My parents have a living trust already made and the property is on the sample living trust.  Now they wish to transfer their title to their two sons. Is there a need to hire an attorney to carry out this procedure?  or Can it be done without the guidance of an attorney?	Real Estate Questions	California
How to complete non-compete with my partner? I forming LLC where myself and a partner will be building a website.  My partner will have responsibility for building the website while I will have all sales, marketing and operations responsibilities.  I want to have a non-compete so my partner can't leave the company and use the site for his own benefit.  How do I go about doing this?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Colorado
If I accept a check for rent and security deposit, does that constitute a legal contract? If I accept a check for rent and security deposit, does that constitute a legal contract?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I copy something for a staff meeting that has a 1994 copyright but the company no longer exists?	Copyright Questions	Texas
Once you receive a "Motion to Dismiss with Prejudice" can a case be opened again?  Once you receive a "Motion to Dismiss with Prejudice" can a case be opened again?  We have a signed order from the judge that was submitted in 2008 but had an attorney send a letter in July 2012 saying we did not comply with requirements and that he was requesting a hearing and was going to charge all fees to us.  How can a lawsuit ever be over if this is allowed to continue?	Family Questions	Florida
Which course of action can we take if a client stopped paying for services? We are a small Lawn/Landscape corp. business. We have a client (he is also a landscaper, whom we provided services to his clients) that stopped paying last year for services provided in 2010, he still owes us a little over $10,000. What course of action can we take? We currently have his account in collection with Transworld Systems which he seems to be ignoring. We've been told by a local attorney that since that account is in a business name not the individuals, chances are very slim to collect?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	New York
If the mother of my child doesn't want me to see my kid do i have to pay child support? If the mother of my child doesn't want me to see my kid do i have to pay child support?	Family Questions	Michigan
Are remodels done considered community property if my wife bought before our marriage? Are remodels done during a marriage on a house my wife bought before our marriage considered community property? And what about mortgage payments on said house during our marriage?	Family Questions	California
Is it illegal for a mother to sleep in the same bed as her 10 year old boy in Denver, CO? Is it illegal for a mother to sleep in the same bed as her 10 year old boy in Denver, CO?	Family Questions	Colorado
How do I recover the money from a guy who had my money since November 2009? A contractor owed me over 10k for work he didn't start. So he agreed to make payments in checks. He worked me two, one for $2800 for March 2011 and another for $4000 for May 2011. He told me when I could cash them and they said he had no funds in the bank account.  How do I recover this money from a guy who had my money since November 2009?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
How can we have our case handled as an annulment, as originally filed?  My spouse and I joint filed for an annulment.  The court is trying to handle it as a divorce with multiple court dates, division of property, and possible alimony.  How can we have our case handled as an annulment, as originally filed?  We were married for 4 months when we filed for the annulment, there are no children involved.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Illegal in NC to do readings, such as tarot or any other form of divination using cards? Is it against the law in the state of North Carolina to do readings, such as tarot, angel cards, or any other form of divination using such cards?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	South Dakota
Is the husband or the biological father legally bound to support a child? Who is legally bound to support a child born to a married woman the husband or biological father divorce not final until the following year?	Family Questions	Georgia
Lawsuit after death My mom injured someone in an auto accident & that person is now suing her. However she died a month after the accident. Can that person just collect from her insurance company and not her estate?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
What are my rights in pay and benefits if full-time is 30 hours when I work 45 hours a week? I have worked full time at a job for ten years.  On average I have at least 45 hours a week. My company recently indicated that their full time will soon be set at 30 hours.  What are my rights in pay and benefits?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can the sub-contractor or employee have a case if he claims harassment at work place for getting too much work? Can the sub-contractor or employee have a case if he claims harassment at work place for getting too much work?	Employment Questions	New York
Based off of my concerns with my divorce, can I restrict his rights? I have been divorced for eight years. My ex husband was awarded visitation, but only makes sporadic phone calls. I have sent up visitation twice; once when he called two years ago and the other when he called five years ago. He canceled both times.  I'm concerned that this is cause emotional problems for my child.  Based off of my concerns, can I restrict his rights?	Family Questions	Alabama
person gave me a check and never intended to honor it I was renting my building to a company to store their equipment. We had a disagreement, so I told them to pay me what they owe me and clear out. He gave me a check that I cashed at a local retail store that cashes checks and they cleared it electronically. The same day, the individual told me they never intended to honor the check and would be putting a stop payment the next morning. Who is responsible for paying the retail store for the check?	Consumer Questions,Criminal Questions	Texas
Additional support When I remarry, can my x wife come after my new spouse and I for increased child support?	Family Questions	California
Can you charge 1st and last month's rent?


 Can you charge 1st and last month's rent?	Real Estate Questions	California
How is an issue of law disposed of in a civil case in California? How is an issue of law, (as opposed to an issue of fact, which is decided by a jury) disposed of in a civil case in California?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can you legally quit a one year contract on a lease for renting a house? Can you legally quit a one year contract on a lease for renting a house?	Real Estate Questions	California
What are the theories of contract laws? What are the theories of contract laws?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Virginia
Is it legal for a house that has been split into three different units with three different families to be on the same gas and light meter? Is it legal for a house that has been split into three different units with three different families to be on the same gas and light meter?	Real Estate Questions	California
can an eleven year old stay home by himself for a couple of hours? can an eleven year old stay home by himself for a couple of hours?	Family Questions	Florida
What does it mean if my brother is named POA on my mother's will but we both are named trustees? my brother is named power of attorney on my mother's will but we both are named trustees. What does this mean?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Iowa
Help in drafting the terms of a contract for white labeling software? We are planning to launch a new technology product in a couple of months and we are white labeling the software from another start-up. We would looking for legal help to draft the terms of the contract. Looking forward to getting in touch with a lawyer in the Technology/software space.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Carolina
Am I required to give a thirty day notice if I move out before thirty days? If given a sixty day notice to terminate tenancy, am I required to give a thirty day notice if I move out before thirty days?	Real Estate Questions	California
How much pain medication can I take and still give legal statement? How much pain medication would be too much before I couldn't give a legal statement?	Criminal Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Massachusetts
Can I pay my ex an amount so she doesn't touch my pension? My wife is going for half of pension. We are doing the divorce ourselves. Can I pay her an amount so she doesn't touch my pension?	Family Questions	Iowa
Obligated to pay last month's rent to a landlord that is short selling his home to avoid foreclosure? Are we obligated to pay last month's rent to a landlord that is short selling his home to avoid foreclosure and has not been making mortgage payments? The house is in escrow.Thanks!MY	Real Estate Questions	California
Can you copy a dvd for home use only? None	Copyright Questions	Louisiana
How much notice does an employer need to give employee? does an employer have to give employee notice that they do not need them to work on the same day you are to work?  If so how much notice does an employer need to give emloyee?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Illegal for a homeowner to tell the city that they are living in a home when the home is actually vacant? Is it illegal for a homeowner to tell the city of New Orleans, LA,  that they are living in a home when the home is actually vacant?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can an employer make their employees take a major holiday off without pay? Can an employer make their employees take a major holiday off without pay?	Employment Questions	Florida
How can I sue if a web domain is not guaranteeing my money back after the period passed? Hello,I have purchased an web domain from BrainHost in order to earn some money online. I had no luck as the website is good for nothing. I asked for my money back more then 10 days ago. They gave me all kind of reasons only not to give me the money back and now the 30 days money back guarantee is past due because they keep finding all kind of reasons not to give me my money. Now they telling me that because the 30 days money back guarantee is past due because of them, they don't want to give me my money back. What can I do? How can I sue them? Please Advise. Thank you	Consumer Questions	Florida
How many years you need to be a resident alien to turn a USA citizen and you're disabled? How many years you need to be a resident alien to turn a USA citizen and you're disabled?	Immigration Questions	New Mexico
Why is my daughter's license being suspended for 90 days because she was truant from school?   Why is my daughter's license being suspended for 90 days because she was truant from school?  She paid a court fine and graduated.  She needs her car for work so she can pay for college and will need to drive to Community college in the Fall?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I file a lawsuit against someone accusing me of something that i don't know about or never said? Can I file a lawsuit against someone accusing me of something that i don't know about or never said?	Criminal Questions	Florida
If I set up a trust, but have not yet put all my assets (401k's etc) under the name of the trust, will those assets be locked in case I die? If I set up a trust, but have not yet put all my assets (401k's etc) under the name of the trust, will those assets be locked in case I die?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can my employer fire me without valid reasons? I want to know if my employer can fired me without valid reason. I just started and fired me less than a month. I didn't met my 90 days get or even 30 days.	Employment Questions	California
If my divorce papers say I waived my alimony can I still get it?
 If my divorce papers say I waived my alimony can I still get it?	Family Questions	California
True for me to wait on a settlement if the other parties have to agree to sign? I have a settlement coming up but they're telling me that I have to wait for the other parties to sign and agree on the claim. Is that true?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What is a petition number? What is a petition number?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I sue the gas station for cashing my stolen check cause they are saying they don't have a video? Someone stole my check out my mailbox and a sunaco gas station cashed it without my ID or signature. How can I sue the gas station for cashing it cause they are saying they don't have a video?	Consumer Questions	New York
Can a 30-year-old debt be collected? Can a 30-year-old debt be collected?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Question regarding spousal property petition? My mother-in-law owned a home in LA County. After her 1st husband died she owned the home 100%. Later she remarried and her 2nd husband paid for a room additionWhen they moved to Orange County, they took title of the new home as Tenets in Common with her husband owning 3/16 (she owns 13/16)..The 2nd husband died in 1/2010 with a will leaving everything to his wife.Last year we had a trust set up for her and they could not put the 3/16 portion into the trust. They said she had to have a lawyer file a Spousal Property Petition to currect.Is the Spousal Property Petition the correct way to do this and can you help me fill/file this form?	Real Estate Questions	California
How can I get out of a lease agreement if I have not moved in yet in the state of Arkansas? How can I get out of a lease agreement if I have not moved in yet in the state of Arkansas?	Real Estate Questions	Arkansas
Is it considered a legal serve if the deliverer neglected to fill in the delivery date? I received a summons, delivered at my door, into my hands, but the person delivering the summons neglected to fill in the delivery date. Is this considered a legal serve? I lived in the state of California in Orange County	Consumer Questions	California
Can an employer just give a position to an employee or must it be posted for everyone to see and apply for? Can an employer just give a position to an employee or must it be posted for everyone to see and apply for?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Do you have to give tenant a 30 day notice to raise there rent in Burbank, CA? Do you have to give tenet a 30 day notice to raise there rent in Burbank, CA?	Real Estate Questions	California
How many hours do I have to cancel a contract on A/C unit replacement? I signed a contract to have an A/C unit replaced on 4-26-12. How many hours do I have to cancel this contract?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If someone is a Trustee Executor of their deceased mothe'rs estate, and they short-sale their deceased mothers property, will it affect their credit rating, or keep them from qualifying for a mortgage loan? If someone is a Trustee Executor of their deceased mothers estate, and they short-sale their deceased mothers property, will it affect their credit rating, or keep them from qualifying for a mortgage loan?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can you drive a commercial single axle tractor in the number 2 lane on CA highways? Can you drive a commercial single axle tractor in the number 2 lane on CA highways?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Do I have authority to change the locks at the home if my husband threatens me? my husband and I are separated and have been for 60 days we have not signed papers as of yet. The condo is in my name only and he is threatening to clean the house out when I am out of town next week. Do I have authority to change the locks at the home?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Can I file for unemployment if I left my job and cannot find work elsewhere because of a non-compete agreement? I quit my job 6 months ago because my boss got in my face and called me a "f****** idiot". I stayed at work and completed my shift. The next day i asked to speak to him and informed him that I was giving him a 2 week notice and that I would be leaving. He said if you were a man, I would hit you right now. I found another job doing the same line of work and he sent over to my employer today a paper that I signed as a non compete agreement, and told him to let me go. Can I file unemployement?	Employment Questions	Michigan
if my wife refers any clients generated by her DBA to do construction work, is that a conflict of interest? I have an L-Corp, I have created a DBA for a construction company. My wife is now a Real Estate broker, we would like to add her to the L-Corp with her own DBA. Now, if she refers any clients generated by her DBA to do construction work by the other DBA, is that a conflict of interest? As a Broker/Realtor, it is not uncommon for her to receive inquiries about contractors for a remodel, she always recommends my company.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What legal action can I take if an online purchase was ripped open with the contents stolen? We recently had a Ipod purchased online for a worth of $88 and the package was ripped open and the contents stolen before it was delivered to us. What legal action can we take?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
What to do if I'm on child support for a kid that is not mine? What to do if I'm on child support for a kid that is not mine?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can I lease my home for a 2-year period? Can I lease my home for a 2-year period?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it legal working all day without having our 2 fifteen minutes breaks every day? I would like to know if its legal working all day without having our 2 fifteen minutes breaks every day? The only break that we have is our lunch break. I feel like they treating us as slaves.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
As a third owner in a home am I liable for a third of the property tax even if I don't live there? As a third owner in a home am I liable for a third of the property tax even if I don't live there?	Real Estate Questions	California
On average what's the cost in legal fees to give away equity in our company? On average what's the cost in legal fees to give away equity in our company?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Texas
Can my mother cancel within 24 hours if she thought life alert today was monthly? my 85 year old mother signed a contract for life alert today. She thought it was monthly, not a three year contract. Can she cancel within 24 hours? She lives in california.	Consumer Questions	California
Can I change work program site court has ordered me at?  I was assigned by the court to do a work program instead of doing ninety day in jail. The work site I was assigned to is impossible to get there. I don't have transportation and there isn't any public transportation to that site. Is it possible to ask the judge if I could change my work site? I have HIV and there is a place that will allow me to work and they are registered with the courts. What advice can you give me? I'm worried and is affecting my health.	Criminal Questions	California
How long can a separation last before divorce proceedings follow? How long can a separation last before divorce proceedings follow?	Family Questions	Florida
legal for a pregnant woman to drink alcohol in any state?  Is it legal for a pregnant woman to drink alcohol in any state? Specifically in Florida?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Any legal document to protect the company if there are free testings for Malta and beer? I work for a market survey company. If we do a free testing for Malta and beer inside of a supermarket and bar, do we need any legal release or document to protect the company? The products are commercial products already approved by the government department, that you can find and buy at any store	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
If you had an unknown injury from years ago and all of a sudden you get into a car accident that wasn't your fault and this injury surfaces, who is at fault for the injury? If you had an unknown injury from years ago and all of a sudden you get into a car accident that wasn't your fault and this injury surfaces, who is at fault for the injury?	Personal Injury Questions	North Carolina
Does the 30 day notice have to be in writing?  Does the 30 day notice have to be in writing? Thanks.	Real Estate Questions	California
Help with response or money back for an unauthorized charge on my card? On 6/8, there was an unauthorized charge to my Credit Union account for $100. I spoke with rep and she advised me to contact walmart 1st to make sure it was not my charge. Her response was that I possibly made the charge and forgot, Or let someone use my card? I tried to express that it was not mine and that I wanted to have it looked into. She said their policy is for me to contact Walmart first, if it cannot be resolved, then, they would do a fraud investigation. At this point I just said ok and contacted walmart. They had no record and I contact the CU the same day and told them and then she had me right a 2-line letter denying the charge. Its been 2 weeks with no response or my money back. thanks for your help, Charlie.	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Can my mortgage lender keep my insurance check of $8000, even if I have never been in arrears? Can my mortgage lender keep my insurance check of $8000, even if I have never been in arrears and have done all repairs before my case was settled?	Consumer Questions	California
Can a buyer cancel a contract for cause? Can a buyer cancel a contract for cause?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
What to do if I have a civil judgement on my credit report, but the business its against is not mine? I have a civil judgement on my credit report. The business its against is not mine, never was either. I was an employee.	Employment Questions	California
Can I be forced to do extra work for free while others are getting paid extra to do the same? Our company has lead techs at each site we are at.  They get 10% increase for the extra duties and responsibility.  I have been doing the lead work for 2 years without the pay.  I recently told my boss i would no longer do the extra work without the pay differential when all other leads are getting it. I was told "someone" had to do the lead work with or without the pay diff. Can I be forced to do extra work for free while others are getting paid extra to do the same?	Employment Questions	California
If the father does not pay child support do I have to let him have his visitation with her? If the father does not pay child support do I have to let him have his visitation with her?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Can a person in the State of Michigan get a divorce even if the other person doesn't want it? Can a person in the State of Michigan get a divorce even if the other person doesn't want it?	Family Questions	Michigan
How can I legally freelance with an H1B visa? How can I legally freelance with an H1B visa?	Immigration Questions	California
I had some perishable goods that were sent to me from my parents in Nigeria to Shreveport, Louisiana last week through Delta Cargo. I want to know what legal actions I can take towards Delta Cargo for a delay in delivery and if the goods get spoiled?	Contract Questions	Louisiana
How long is a non-compete contract good for? How long is a non-compete contract good for?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What is mandatory for breaks in construction site? What is mandatory for breaks in construction site?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Is the power of attorney and my father's estate still in our possession if he did not sign his will? My sister and I had power of attorney for our father in his later years in life of him and his estate.  He has passed but left an unsigned will.  Is the power of attorney and his estate still in our possession?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
/questions/42f47f18e9/how-many-consecutive-days-can-you-continue-working/

Can my neighbor attach and cover my entire fence with a tarp?  Can my neighbor attach and cover my entire fence with a tarp? The fence is four foot tall, sixty foot long.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is jailed father exempt from grandfather's will in recent death? If my father has been incarcerated, is he exempt from his father's will in recent death? May I accept his inheritance? And if his siblings is preventing him from receiving his share, what can i do?	Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Louisiana
Is there anything I can do if my son's father claimed him on his taxes when he is only with him 65 days a year? My son's father claimed him on his taxes when he doesn't have the right to. He is with him 65 days a year and lives under my roof. Is there anything I can do?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	New York
How do you register copyright in the United States? How do you register copyright in the United States?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	07
Can emails and text messages be used in case against contractor in verbal agreement? Under verbal agreement, would e-mails and text messages be proof that a window contractor keeps delaying installation of windows as a a failure to perform and therefore a case against the contractor? I have a receipt that states a deposit of 7500 dollars for 14 windows. Can it be refunded?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Legal for your neighbors to install cameras on their house and point them at your property? Is it legal for your neighbors to install cameras on their house, and point the cameras at your house and property? Isn't that invasion of privacy?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
How can I prevent a divorce legally if my husband wants to marry an English woman? My husband wants to marry a lady in England so he can settle in England. That's why he wants to divorce me. How can I prevent this divorce legally? We have been married since 25 years.	Family Questions	California
Can I still keep my US green card if I work in Canada, visit US two months a year?  I have US green card through marriage, but I just got an offer to work in Canada. Can I still keep my US green card if I work in Canada, visit US two months a year?  What should I do to be able to keep my US green card and my job?	Immigration Questions	California
Can I use a college's initials on merchandise I create without the college's permission (i.e. University of Minnesota, Duluth - UMD)?	Advertising Law Questions,Copyright Questions,Trademark Questions	Minnesota
How do I file to get a change in my custody agreement? I am divorced and share custody with my ex.  I live in CA.  I want to remarry and move to Maine to be with my new spouse.  How do I file to get a change in my custody agreement?  Can I do this myself or do I need to get an attorney?	Family Questions	California
Does my public middle school have the right to tell me what to wear in regards to uniforms? Hello I am a student at a public middle school in Streamwood Illinois. My school makes students wear uniforms (they call it a dress code) they make us wear a polo and  khaki pants but i don't thank that's really important. Do they have the right to tell me what to wear?	Family Questions	Illinois
Simultaneously copyrighting multiple individual works consisting of one body of work. Can I copyright several individual works that consist of one body of work all at the same time?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Legal Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Connecticut
Law that prohibits if a contract is not filled out, the company decommissions but still accepts the sale? I work in a gym and we have employees that get paid on commission, such as personal training contracts. If a contract is not filled out to the standard the company decommissions the deal but still accepts the sale. If we fix the deal by filling out the contract the company gives us a very short window. Is there any law that prohibits what they are doing?	Employment Questions	Illinois
If I'm looking for another job should I sign for a severance package or accept pay cut? My company is cutting our wages as of Oct 5, 2012. They want us to sign a contract, by Aug 15, that we accept the pay cut or sign another saying we do not and will take a severance package.  I am currently looking for a new job but have not found one as of yet. Do you think I should sign either one? If I do not sign either what are my options?	Employment Questions	Florida
If we divorce will she get half my pension when she continues to work?  I make $80,000/year. My wife makes $100,000/year plus typically receives bonuses between $20,000 & $35,000/year. She has $130,000 in a 401K I have $285,000 in my 403B. We are both 56 and live in Michigan. I want to retire within next 2 years. She will continue to work until at least 62. I'm very unhappy in our marriage. My question, if we divorce will she get half my pension when she continues to work? I couldn't make it on $19,000/year.	Family Questions	Michigan
What happens when you sign a petition and you didn't know what you were signing?  What happens when you sign a petition and you didn't know what you were signing? can you get your name off?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If a tenant moves out, how many days must we keep their belongings? If a tenant moves out, how many days must we keep their belongings that they left behind before we dispose of them?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What do I need to keep in mind when building a site for young adults? What do I need to keep in mind/cover if I'm building a site that allows young adults(13-18) to raise funding for their projects? What specific information does my TOS/Privacy Policy need to cover?Can I have young adults register for an account, but have them ask their parents to enter their paypal account?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can parents forbid grandparent from seeing child? I was just informed by my son and daughter-in-law that I can no longer see my grandson that is 15 months old. There has been a long standing disagreement between my daughter-in-law and myself that has nothing to do with my grandson. Is there any thing legally I can do in Pennsylvania?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What is best way to amend residual investment agreement? What is the best way to amend a residual investment agreement? Actually only one paragraph which increases the residual payment for additional investment funds?	Contract Questions,Financial Questions,LawPivot Questions,Legal Questions,Venture Capital Questions	Utah
Am I still legally employed when I'm working for a company and I had to have a operation and out on disability? Am I still legally employed when I'm working for a company and I had to have a operation and out on disability?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Must I legally return the gifts my ex bought me? I was given gifts by my boyfriend and now that we've broken up. He wants them back. Must I legally return them?	Consumer Questions	New York
Would it be possible for me to process a green card under contract job status? I have an offer for contract job from a company. Would it be possible for me to process a green card under contract job status? At the same time, I have an offer from a University. As prospective green card applicant, which one would be best for me to process my green card?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
What utilities are a tenant's responsibility for in Phelan, CA? What utilities are a tenant's responsibility for in Phelan, CA?	Real Estate Questions	California
In New York, can a Niagara county sheriff proceed to look in a backpack in your car after you told him no? In New York, can a Niagara county sheriff proceed to look in a backpack in your car after you told him no and had no reason to search it?	Criminal Questions	California
Can a private buyer sue me for a refund on a car? We sold a Jeep and told the buyer everything about it. It had a leak in the past and it had stopped. After they drove it, it started leaking after the point of sale. They wanted us to pay for it. I did not feel we were obligated to do so and told them this. They now want to take us to court because we wont refund their money for it. We filled out the title and turned in the release of liability to the dmv. The only thing we forgot to do was provide a smog test certification. Do they have a case against us? This was a private sale. They are claiming that we did not tell them about the leak. Also they have not put the Jeep in their name yet does that effect anything? and they are saying they are protected under the CA lemon law.	Consumer Questions	California
Does home deeded to father go to only child or grandfather if no will? My father died without a will 13 years ago when I was a minor. He owned a home and I was his only child. He was not married, but his parents were still alive. His father deeded him a home. Was the home supposed to go to me or back to my father's dad?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Can two felony charges be run separately if under one cause number? My husband has been charged with 2 felony thefts and 2 misdemeanors in Indiana. Can they run these felony charges separate if they are all under one cause number?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Where does wife file response if divorce filed in different county? If the husband files for divorce and custody of minor children in Perry County, Ohio & the wife lives in Fairfield County, Ohio, which court is she to file a response?	Family Questions	Ohio
Am I allowed to be my own expert witness in State of Louisiana? I am the plaintiff  in a car accident and  I have years of engineering practice and PHD in engineering.I have taught Thermodynamic, Numerical analysis, and simulation and modeling.I have completed my perception/distance time analysis and created animation of the scene of the accident.The accident was in the state of LouisianaI feel I am very much qualified to be an expert witness in my own case.My question is am I allowed to be my own expert witness in State of Louisiana?If yes please give me the reference so that I can use it.Fred	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
what are the necessary steps we need to take to legally adopt my partner's child? My partner and I are a same sex couple. My partner recently had a baby. Now I want to legally adopt the child. What are the necessary steps we need to take to do this?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What do I do if my newborn child was given another newborn's morphine dose? My new born child was given another newborn's morphine dose. What can I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a lawyer provide the address to me and then can I go with police and get my baby back home? Neither me nor my newborn's father have custodial rights. My son was temporarily placed in the care of his father due to DCF involvement. My son's father refuses me my right for visitation. I don't have the address where my son is. Can a lawyer obtain the address, provide it to me and then can I go with police company and bring my baby back home since my son's father has not proven he is biologically the father?	Family Questions	Florida
Question regarding collections from Gold's Gym because I was underage at the time? I signed for golds gym month to month for $40 dollars a month in November 2011. I went in the next month to cancel and to pay for the first month. The employee told me that I owed nothing. I started receiving calls from Gold's gym that I owed money so I called in they told me no once again. So this month I received a call from collections that I owed $500 I spoke with them and they "negotiated" me to pay $260 to Gold's gym. Their excuse was that I had an account when I was underage under my mother's name and that that account had a zero balance but that this account I still owed.	Consumer Questions	California
Legal requirements if my husband is refinancing his condo but I must be on the mortgage as well? My husband purchased a condo before we were married.  Now we are refinancing and the bank is telling us that CA law says I have to be on the mortgage as well.  I want to find out the legal requirements.	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if I am being evicted by the new owner because my old landlord lost the property? I am being evicted by the new owner because my old landlord loss the property and I have always pay my rent.	Real Estate Questions	California
Obtain divorce if I don't know where my wife is? How do I get a divorce if I don't know where my wife is and have not seen her in two years?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Can a beneficiary in an annuity take over ownership when the owner dies? Can a beneficiary in an annuity take over ownership when the owner dies?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I bring someone with me not related to the US? Can I bring someone with me not related to the US?	Immigration Questions	66
File a response to the summons & petition for divorce if we have no common kids or community property?   Do I have to file a response to the Summons and Petition for Divorce if we have no common children or community property?	Family Questions	California
How to legally continue LLC if partner leaves? I formed an LLC with my partner and she walked off and said she's no longer doing it. How do I legally continue business without her? Do I dissolve the company and start a new one in just my name? The landlord has already changed the lease.	Administrative Law Questions,Contract Questions	New Jersey
Will a 813.93(6)(a) conviction make a person deportable? Will a 813.93(6)(a) conviction make a person deportable?	Immigration Questions	Florida
How can I let the public know that a company is not to be trusted? We are a small construction company and were hired to subcontract certain restoration projects and are not being paid for final payments on said projects. How can I let the public know that this company is not to be trusted and does not pay there bills after being paid by an insurance company for the work they sub out to us?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Finance Questions	Michigan
Can a man I'm sharing a house with evict his daughter when I do not? I own a house jointly with a man I am not married to. He wants to evict my 22-year-old daughter and I do not. Can he do this?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What should I do if I was fired from my job under false accusations and embarrassed me? I was fired from my job under false accusations. They embarrassed me and I was searched with nothing. What should I do?	Employment Questions	New York
Can alimony be revoked due to unemployment? Can my alimony be revoked because of unemployment?	Family Questions	California
Do I have any rights to my newborn when the mother gave her my last name? Do I have any rights to my newborn? The mother wouldn't put me on the birth certificate but gave her my last name.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What are my rights if the lease holder has asked me to leave? I'm a tenant. The lease holder has asked me to leave. I'm on good terms with the landlords and am a great tenant. What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	California
Boss is not paying me for work. My boss isn't paying me at all for 2 weeks of work. He was late on the 2 previous paychecks, and now it's been 12 days late.  I would like to hire a lawyer or attorney (which one is right for this case) but I don't have enough money. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding the age of consent in Illinois? My question is regarding the age of consent in Illinois. I have heard a lot of things with regard to the age of consent in Illinois. I have heard the age of consent in Illinois is 17.	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Will dissolving of the company or companies I once owned and had a non compete agreement with automatically void the non compete agreement upon such dissolution?	Corporate Questions,Employment Questions	Florida
What can I do if I've one and a half year in my house lease contract and the contract says "no right of early termination" but I just lost my job? I have one and a half year in my house lease contract and the contract says "no right of early termination" but i just lost my job. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Does my employer have the right to make me work if I have a doctor's note excusing me from work? Does my employer have the right to make me work if I have a doctor's note excusing me from work?	Employment Questions	Missouri
What legal resources available to company sued in federal court and cannot afford private counsel? I am a consultant to a very small Newark NJ based trucking company being sued in federal district court in Newark.  The company cannot afford private counsel. Where can the company find legal assistance?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions	New Jersey
I have to go for a status conference Monday. What does it involve and should I be nervous? I have to go for a status conference Monday. What does it involve and should I be nervous?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
What action do I have to take next in order to get the ball rolling on my divorce? I filed the default papers for my husband after the 20 days that he had after he was served with the divorce papers. What action do I have to take next in order to get the ball rolling on my divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Question regarding being late on my rent in August? I was late on my rent in Aug. The property management served me with a summons citation judicial unlawful detainer on Aug 15 at 8:30 pm. The next day I researched online what to do after and how to legally respond. On Aug 17 my uncle passed away unexpectedely and I immedietely lost my focus in regards to the eviction. I was focused on dealing with his death and missed the opportunity to respond within the 5 days. On August 31st the sherriff posted a notice to vacate by Sept 6. I have had the money to pay for the late rent including the fees before the month was over. Is there anything I can do to stop this process?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is there anything we can do to get the money back? My father had made a deal to sell his shares to his partner however he had signed the closing statement papers prior to receiving full payment and now his partner refuses to pay the full amount. My father has a promissory note but that is the only thing that we can use against his partner. His partner refuses to pay because the shares are already transferred to his name, and his partner had asked us to basically void the promissory note, and if we did that he would consider giving a few thousand dollars. Also the person who had bought the shares, wants us to void the promissory note as soon as possible so that the loan statements in the bank for the corporation can be transferred to his name.Is there anything we can do to get the money?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
When is the driver of a motor scooter required to have a license?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
I signed a contract to a company and later found out that that there was vice president not mentioned in the contract. That is bad for business. Can I get out of this contract?	Contract Questions	New York
Do I have the right to let him take the trailer with all the issues? I have a contract to sell a trailer to a man who rents a place for it on my property and also pays the electric for the trailer that goes though my separate shop meter. The trailer was $118.83, the rent $100.00, and electric between $90-150.00 per month.  He is in arrears $1205.96 & has not made a full payment since 11/2010.  The county now says I cannot rent  the trailer on my property any more and he wants to take it to his mothers.  I say no, not until it is paid for in full.  I have also found out that he has not insured the trailer as was in the contract. He has been contacted by my representatives on 4 different times and says he will correct this and has not. Last month he paid 50.00 His electric was 152.79.  Do I have to let him take the trailer?	Consumer Questions	Oregon
Is the marriage valid if someone lies in it? If a person lies about having been married and divorced on a new marriage license, is the marriage valid?	Family Questions	Illinois
If my spouse who has been unemployed for over 2 years and is now only working 20 hours per week on a commission type of salary and not making his share of expenses monthly, do I have a right to have him move out? If my spouse who has been unemployed for over 2 years and is now only working 20 hours per week on a commission type of salary and not making his share of expenses monthly, do I have a right to have him move out?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it legal for the owner to require us to tip them out?   I work in a restaurant in Utah where the owner sometimes bartends and prepares the drinks for the servers.  Is it legal for them to require us to tip them out?   The hourly wage here is 2.10 an hour and on occasion, I give the owner more money than I get paid from them in an 8 hour shift.Thanks for answering.	Employment Questions	Utah
Question about gym membership regulations? If a customer pays for a lifetime gym membership, and after 5 years of going to the gym, the gym location closes down and the customer can no longer use the gym, how much money can the customer recoup, if any? (btw the gym is still in business elsewhere and did not go bankrupt)	Consumer Questions	New York
Could a lien be placed on her house for the debt? I am 70 years old and on SS. I pay SS $250 to repay an over payment of bunches of thousands of dollars. If I get married to my old High School classmate, is she then liable for my debt? Could a lien be placed on her house for the debt?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What if I'm not on the birth certificate and yet I pay child support?  What if I'm not on the birth certificate and yet I pay child support? The  mother will not let me see child but she said all she want is money.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I terminate my lease at will without any financial consequences? I live in a 55 and older Community and I'm 72 years old. My question is Can I terminate my lease at will without any financial consequences?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What is the process for evicting a 20-year-old out of your home? Good Afternoon:  I would like to know what is the process for evicting a 20-year-old out of your home?  She does not have any place to go and she is not paying any room and board or utilities bills.  She is my adopted daughter. What do you suggest I do about this situation?	Family Questions	Florida
Is it legal for me to accept and take the kids to my place after their parents died but isn't child proof? Hi, My name is Amberly, and I am 22 years old. I live in New York and recently my older sister and her husband  were in a car crash. They both passed.The thing is they have 3 girls. Miley is 11, Maddie is 8, and Stella is 9 months. In their will, it says that if anything happened to both of them I would become full guardian of all the children. I have a three bedroom apartment in the Upper East Side so I have space. It's just my apartment is on a really high floor and isn't really child proof. I can't move out of my place for 5 more months. I feel like I can't say no, because it's like their last request to me! Is it legal for me to accept and take the kids to my place? I have a good job that pays well and gives me vacation days. Help?!	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can I move back to Mississippi where my family is legally if I separated my wife and have kids? I'm the father of 3 and am still married. I live in Florida but my wife and I  separated. Can I move back to Mississippi where my family is legally?	Family Questions	Florida
Since they put the money in the account through no action of my own am I responsible for repayment? I live in Idaho. A bank caused error deposited $10,500 in my account, which has since been spent. Now they want me to send them a letter admitting intent and fraud, or they will proceed with a fraud case. The money was placed by them into a dormant Business account that I  had set up planning to transfer my current Business account into. This $10500 was the only substantial money to ever go through the account. Since they put the money in the account through no action of my own am I responsible for repayment? Can I be charged with fraud? Do I have to sign their basic admission to guilt and intent? Basically I want to know what my legal responsibilities are.	Criminal Questions	Idaho
Should I divorce if I've only been married for 1 year and 8 months? Should I divorce if I've only been married for 1 year and 8 months?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is a will still valid if an attorney drew it up 15 years ago? An attorney drew up a Will for me 15 years ago.  Is it still valid?	Wills and Trusts Questions	District of Columbia
Do I need the father's consent to take my children out of state? Do I need the father's consent to take my children out of state?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Does the Bill of Rights directly apply to me, or am I under my parents complete authority since I'm 16? I am a 16 year old male in New York, I've heard many different answers. Does the Bill of Rights directly apply to me, or am I under my parents complete authority?	Family Questions	New York
Is my husband still liable to provide me if he left me for someone he met online and we're still married for 21 years? I have been married for 21 years. My husband met a girl on Facebook. He saw her for 3 months then left  me and moved in with her. He left  me with all the bills and rent payments.he was sole provider. Is he still liable to provide for me? we are still married.	Employment Questions,Family Questions	Illinois
If I am not filing for child support and my husband is giving up all rights and custody of my child do I have to put it in my divorce packet? If I am not filing for child support and my husband is giving up all rights and custody of my child do I have to put it in my divorce packet?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Does landlord have right to show a house while tenants are there?  Does landlord have right to show a house while tenants are there? How long does a landlord have to return deposit?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How can I check to see if my idea has not already been thought of and how do I protect my idea to send to market? How can I check to see if my idea has not already been thought of and how do I protect my idea to send to market?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Can I see my file to see what complaints they show to start this evaluation? Do I have a right to see my employee file.  I have been told I have 45 days to correct an issue of treating my trainee's w/respect.  I am an x-ray tech for 20 years and are given trainees to train and at times have been very demanding they do the job correctly for fear of patient injury.  They have complained to management that I am mean.  Can I see my file to see what complaints they show to start this evaluation?	Employment Questions	Michigan
If my employer had me file a W4 form and pays me "Under the table", and I haven't been paid in over 5 weeks, what legal action can I take against them for not paying me for the work that I have done? If my employer had me file a W4 form and pays me "Under the table", and I haven't been paid in over 5 weeks, what legal action can I take against them for not paying me for the work that I have done?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the procedure to operate as an internet escrow service? What is the procedure and how much does it cost to get a certification to operate as an internet escrow service? (Inc. in the State of Delaware)	Commercial Questions	Delaware
I own multiple businesses, each their own bank account.  Someone had told me to start my own management company that would manage my businesses.  They said it would handle the payroll, bills, etc.  I'm not exactly sure the pros and cons of doing this and exactly how I go about moving funds, etc.	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions	Texas
What might the outcome be if someone worked at a convenience store and sold beer to an under aged girl? My granddaughter's boyfriend worked at a convenience store and sold beer to an under aged girl. A coworker of my granddaughter said this girl is NOT under aged because he knows her. He has to go to court in a couple weeks. What might the outcome be?	Criminal Questions	New York
My ex-husband current wife is going around saying lies about me to anyone who will listen. Can I sue her and get a check everytime she receive a check? I will also need her to pay the legal fees.	Family Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Question regarding owner wanting to rescind her offer of 14% for non-performance? In April-May we agreed to give a rep 14% of the company to rep our product to hotels. There were three people present and one is also an owner but not on documents yet. The owner of the company was to have an agreement drawn up. There was to be a 9 month performance clause. This was agreed to the end of May. The first week of June the rep located a large client and several others but did not wish to present orders until the agreement was signed. The owner never did the legal paperwork and now the rep is about to present orders. The owner wants to rescind her offer of 14% for non-performance, but the rep was waiting for the contract, and even offered to have a simple one done herself. This would be Colorado law. Thanks	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
Was I in the wrong for refusing to comply if I felt it was a privacy law? Hi, I am a General Manager of a chain of convenience stores.  The credit manager of the company has asked me to contact one of my employee's and tell them they had written some bad checks and they are no longer allowed to write checks and suggested that I consider getting rid of this person.  I absolutely refused to do this as it is not my job to collect money due, I feel it is none of my business. I refuse to get rid of said employee who has been with the company for 6 yrs with no incidents.  Is there some kind of  privacy law?  Should the credit manager be sharing this information with others? Was I in the wrong for refusing to comply?  Your advice is greatly appreciated.  Thanks, Darlene	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have any claim to the money if my wife inherited a house from her mother's death and sold the house? My wife inherited a house from her mother's death. She has now sold the house. Do I have any claim to the money?	Family Questions	Virginia
What are my rights if my wife wants a divorce and spousal support as I'm not working at this time? My wife wants a divorce. She's asking for spousal support. What are my rights for this as I'm not working at this time? She is. We've been married for 28 and half years/ I really don't want this. She wants a divorce. What are my rights? Thank you.	Family Questions	California
Is it legal to date minor if no intent to be sexually active? I am 17 and want to date a guy that is currently 18 but will be 19 in 2 months. Is this a legal problem? We are not going to be physically active.	Legal Questions	Tennessee
Can a driver be pulled over and ticketed only for not wearing a seat belt? Can a driver be pulled over and ticketed only for not wearing a seat belt in the state of Florida?	Criminal Questions	Florida
How similar is trademark considered to infringement? How similar is trademark considered to infringement?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Alabama
What to do if I want to reduce my felony to a misdemeanor? What to do if I want to reduce my felony to a misdemeanor?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can the new owner decide to not renew my lease? A new owner took over my apartment complex. My lease is up in July. Can they just decide to not renew my lease?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Am I allowed to see my child when I never gave up my guardianship? Back in 2002 my child's mother gave up guardianship of our child to her father. Now I have never given up my guardianship nor have i give up my rights to the child. Am I allowed to see her when ever i want or do i have to take them to court again	Family Questions	Connecticut
What can my son do if he has trespassing charge but has no transportation to get there? My son lives in Daytona Beach. He has court in Atlanta, GA for a trespassing charge but has no transportation to get there. What can he do?	Family Questions	Florida
Are judgements automatically charge 7% of judgement amount?  Are judgements automatically charge 7% of judgement amount? is that true?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is there anything I can do since my friend and I were working on his vehicle at his house and I got injured? I hurt myself while helping a friend with his van & I tore my shoulder and rotater cuff. I now require surgery.  Is there anything I can do since we were working on his vehicle at his house?	Personal Injury Questions	Oklahoma
Can CPS tell you and child where to live? Can child protective services tell you where to live with your child?	Family Questions	Louisiana
How do I handle my situation if my former company stating that they overpaid my incentive? In April 2011, I received my annual incentive directly deposited in my checking account. I retired on June 1, 2011. On June 6th, 2011, I received a letter from my former company stating that they overpaid my incentive. My incentive statement agrees with what was deposited in my account. How do I handled this matter? I am getting a letters from collection agency and a lawyer.	Employment Questions	Florida
What are the guidelines after a divorce for relocation? If you get a divorce but win sole custody and ex requires you to not move away and you remarry someone else, does that allow you to move out of town with your new spouse?	Family Questions	Oregon
Does seller have to sign the closing paper now to avoid possible sue from buyer? Contract shows 30 days close. On the 30th day, the buyer sent extension request and the seller doesn't agree. The seller wants to extent further due urgent issue, but buyer doesn't agree either. Does seller have to sign the closing paper now to avoid possible sue from buyer?Thanks!Linda	Real Estate Questions	California
How long do you have to be married before she can take anything?  how long do you have to be married before she can take anything? Is it 5 years or less?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Am I responsible for the purchases on an account in which my separated wife opened in my name? My wife and I are separated for 1 year. She has served me with divorce papers. She recently opened a credit card account in my name and charged over $7000.00. I had no knowledge of this credit card. Am I responsible for the purchases on this account?	Consumer Questions	California
How to obtain a visa? What are the steps to obtain a visa if I've lived in the states for 10 years?	Immigration Questions	Florida
how far can they legally make you drive to go to work?  how far can they legally make you drive to go to work? Do they have to pay padium? How many hours can they make your work. I drive 120 miles a day round trip. They want me to sign 6 days 8 hr day.	Employment Questions	California
Questions about starting a business? My objective is to pay me, a reasonable salary/commission, and give the vendors who donate their services,and me, the possibility of making money from the, eventual, possible, sale of the business.Some of the expenses will be donated, by the vendors,and associates, in return for publicity and equity. The business will be a money making website, with the intent of giving  ALL of the NET income to a variety of charities. Should I have one or two entities?(see my objective, above) If one entity,What type of entity do I want and why?OrHave two entities, one for the website/business and one for management in this scenarioWhat type of entities should I use? Who would pay the vendor expenses, that were	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
What happens if I change my assets (car) in other name during that 30 days?
 I was sued per HOA. I have 30 days to answer. What happens if I change my assets (car) in other name during that 30 days?	Real Estate Questions	California
Would I still have rights as his mother? I wanted to know if I signed over temporary custody of my son to my mom. Would I still have rights as his mother? I have asked around and most people have told me to sign over guardianship to my mom. What should I do?	Family Questions	Texas
Is it legal if my boyfriend has taken me off the lease when I'm out of town? I am currently out of town and will be back later today February 28, 2012 and my boyfriend has taken me off the lease. Is that legal?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How many hours of overtime should I get paid for? I worked 51 hours in one week, 32 hours in the next week, and 8 hours holiday pay in the 32 hour week. We get paid every 2 weeks. How many hours of overtime should I get paid for?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is a sentence on a game piece a copyrighted work? Is a sentence on a game piece a copyrighted work?  I wish to make a product that is for use in another card game.  The art and design of the new piece would be original but I would like to put in a specific sentence that exists on a copyrighted game piece. Can I do this? http://www.tcgbrowser.com/#!/search=Edwin+Vancleef&corelegal;=trueIf you look at this page, the sentence in quotes on this card would go on my card.  The sentence is, "This ally can protect allies with Vancleef in their name."	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Texas
Is there anyway my sister can be compensated if she was bitten by a poisonous spider at her job? My sister was bitten by a poisonous spider at her job.  Is there any way she can be compensated for that.	Personal Injury Questions	California
Hello,

I wrote for a magazine in the past and they won the rights to my work. I no longer work for the magazine but they still use my work (as I just saw in this months issue.) However, my name is not anywhere to be found and instead they attributed the work to another writer. Is this legal? None	Copyright Questions	Florida
What should I start learning now as a middle schooler for real estate law? I'm in middle school, and I want to become a real estate attorney when I grow up. My dad says I should start learning now, so what do I need to know? Please help.	Employment Questions	Florida
What do I need to do to get child support and handle the process of my divorce from Costa Rica? My husband in Arizona is asking for divorce while I am in Costa Rica taking care of my mom with cancer. What do I need to do to get child support and handle the process from Costa Rica? I learned that he moved a women in to my home already, he doesn't know that I am aware of that.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Does my daughter-in-law have legal rights to half of the house? My son and daughter-in-law are splitting up. They live in Virginia where they bought a house last year. They were married at the time. Because of the credit rating of my daughter-in-law, they could only get a loan in my son's name. They have shared in the paying of the mortgage from both incomes. Does she have legal rights to half of the house?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
What will happen to my brother's car since he filed for bankruptcy before his death? I have been paying my brother's car for the past three years. My brother just passed away this month and I would like to know what will happen to the car. Before his death he was filing bankruptcy and he made it clear that I was the one paying for one of his cars. What should I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
How do I get the property's deed in my dad's and my name when it was only in my mother's name? My parents both bought some property and the deed was put in both their names but it wasn't as joint tenants, since then my mom has passed away in 2000 and I'm trying to get the deed in my dad's and my name. How do I do this?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What can I do if I just saw a bunch of charges on my auto loan finance account that wasn't originally there? Hello, I recently saw a lot of charges on my auto loan finance account. Now looking at my contract I signed when I bought the car it doesn't say anything about the fees. what can I do?	Consumer Questions	California
Is my landlord allowed to dictate whom I may have as a visitor? Is my landlord allowed to dictate whom I may have as a visitor?	Real Estate Questions	California
What are the regulations regarding working hours and break amounts in retail in Indiana? What are the regulations regarding working hours and break amounts in retail in Indiana?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Am I still entitled to receive child support from my ex under the health circumstances? My ex husband had a stroke and has not worked in 4 months. Since that time he quit paying me child support for our 16-year-old son. Am I still entitled to receive child support from my ex under these circumstances? I believe he is on disability  but not social security disability at this time.Currently he owes $1440 in back child support. We reside in NY state...	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Is it discriminatory if I have a position that goes with an office but is denied? I have a position that goes with an office. However I am being denied the office without reason. I'm Hispanic. Is this discriminatory?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can your boss yell at you in front of customers screaming I don't have to give you any hours? Can your boss yell at in front of customers screaming I don't have to give you any hours?	Employment Questions	California
if I give notice & then they tell me to leave before the two weeks do they have to pay me for the two week? In Florida if I give two weeks notice and then they tell me to leave before the two weeks do they have to pay me for the two weeks?  I have never been written up or warned about doing anything wrong.	Employment Questions	Florida
What can we do about change in property management?  The owner of the property I live in has been sold and we have no idea who the new owner is. We are having problems with getting utilities shut off and recieving calls from random people offering $1500.00 to move out in 30 days or we will get evicted. We had no idea that the property was sold in the first place. Also, we haven't yet been contacted professionally by anyone or seen any legal paperwork for any of this. What can we do and where can we get help with our situation?	Real Estate Questions	California
if I had an operation on my ear and was not done right, is this malpractice? if I had an operation on my ear and is was not done right, is this malpractice?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Am I eligible for EB2 filling? Hi I am a Bachelor in Commerce (3 Years) graduate from Delhi University, India. I have 12 years of experience. My employer is filling Green Card for me. As suggested by my attorney, I got my foreign credential and experience evaluated in term of their equivalence to a US Bachelor's degree in Computer Information System from The Trust Corporation . As per The Trust Corporation I have attained "Bachelor of Science Degree with a Dual Major in Management Information Systems and Business Administration". Please suggest I am eligible for EB2 filling. Thanks....	Immigration Questions	New York
Can a manager threaten to fire you for keeping documentation? Can a manager threaten to fire you for keeping documentation?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Good idea to represent myself if I'm suing U.S. Postal Service for breach of contract and age discrimination? I am suing the U.S. Postal Service for breach of contract and age discrimination and fraud & deceit. I am also suing the union for duty of fair representation.  I am having a hard time finding a lawyer who will take the case, so I may represent myself is that a good idea?	Employment Questions	Alabama
What happens in Florida if you don't return rent to own merchandise? What happens in Florida if you don't return rent to own merchandise and what are the steps in this procedure?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Question about company's accusation of stolen items? A company said that you stole $400,000 of items in the store and the company made you leave. We'll stop working but the police or anybody else is there and they don't show you no prove and trying to make you pay 100 dollars on the 1st of the mouth to their company but no police or judge was in the case. What should you do?	Employment Questions	New York
How many days will it be before the sale date is set If a when a house is in foreclosure? If a house in foreclosure has been turned over to the court for sale, how many days will it be before the sale date is set?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Advise for me on loan papers signed with my ex husband?  I co-signed for a student loan with my ex husband.  They are now coming after me since the loan went to collection. Is there something for me to get out of it especially that our divorce papers specifically name him responsible for this loan?  Thanks	Family Questions	Florida
If a building is being foreclosed what can I do as a tenant? If a building is being foreclosed what can I do as a tenant?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If a former tenant's personal items are still in the house, is that person still required to pay rent? If a former tenant's personal items are still in the house, is that person still required to pay rent or other household expenses?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a CA s-corp sue an employee for damages to a vehicle he personally caused after being warned not to operate the companies construction equipment? Can a CA s-corp sue an employee for damages to a vehicle he personally caused after being warned not to operate the companies construction equipment?	Employment Questions	California
Do I still pay prorated amount on the lease? If my lease was over after the first year and I began a month to month, and decided I wanted to move and gave my lanlord 30 day notice. Do I still pay a prorated amount even though I'm moving within the 30 days?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Is there a law stating anywhere whether the rent needs to be delivered by the 5th or postmarked by the 5th? My rent is due by the 5th of the month.  I've always lived in California now I live in Michigan.  I've always been okay to have rent postmarked by the 5th.  Is there a law stating anywhere whether it needs to be delivered by the 5th or postmarked by the 5th?	Real Estate Questions	California
How loud can your car be? How loud can your car be?	Criminal Questions	Florida
What must I do with any personal property that may have been left behind? If I buy a house for delinquent taxes in Fayette county, PA, what must I do with any personal property that may have been left behind?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If an injunction is given to a company not to do business, can that injunction be reinstated? If an injunction is given to a company not to do business with certain clients for a duration on the lifting date can that injunction be reinstated?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Louisiana
Will patent application be rejected if copies are not identical to original submissions? I received a notice to file corrected application papers my specification had two hand letterings where I changed the word "collector" to "heating system" and added few comas.  I did not photocopy the changes. and the changes did not affect claims.  What are the implications of making a best effort to try and remember the changes and provide marked and clear copies that might not exactly match the originally submitted hand markups?  Will the application be rejected at the missing parts department.  Also how do I provide a statment that no new matter has been added is there a form. Is there a transmittal letter form I should be using?	Patent Questions	Maryland
Can I sell friend's generator if he never comes to take it? I live in Wyoming and about 3 years ago, an ex friend dropped his old generator off at my house. Over this time I've asked him and told him in person and by text to come get it out of my garage. And he never did. Can I take it to the dump or sell it, to cover the money he owes me?	Contract Questions	Wyoming
When I apply for citizenship do I need to replace my greencard first? Hi. I have had my greencard for 6 years now and thinking about getting citizenship. I have recently got my green card and i only have a piece of my greencard. When I apply for citizenship do I need to replace my greencard first or can I just apply for my citizenship without having physical greencard?	Immigration Questions	California
If your original tax preparer refused to do a Tax amendment, would the first be responsible for the bill? If your original tax preparer refused to do a Tax amendment and you took it to someone else and had it done would the first preparer be responsible for the bill?	Tax Questions	North Carolina
/questions/dbaff584c9/termination-after-fmla/

What to do if the landlord gave us the key but the leasing office called the police for trespassing? I moved into a property, landlord gave me the key.  We were to sign the lease when we moved our stuff in.  The leasing office called the police and said that we are not to be in the place.  Now they are talking about arresting my husband for trespassing.	Real Estate Questions	California
Once a house is recorded in a short sale, can the selling bank demand the buyers to sign any more contracts, even if they refuse to accept payment from the title company?  California: Once a house is recorded in a short sale, can the selling bank demand the buyers to sign any more contracts, even if they refuse to accept payment from the title company? This pertains to a arms length agreement.	Real Estate Questions	District of Columbia
Seeking full custody and spousal support. I have 5 children one of those children before the its birth my husband was aware he was not the father but has acted as the only father to child & is on the birth cerfitcate and was married to me at the time of birth. We are currently divorcing & 2 of the children reside now with him at his mothers.We were married for 14 years in which I made the most money and still do. Currently I am on short term disabilty and my income has been cut. I would like to get sole custody if not for the 3 children I have but for all my children. He currently picks and chooses when I can see the children though so far neither of us have been to court. I was wondering would he have to pay me spousal support. And would he have to pay for the additional child which is not his for support. And also I might mention he has had a closed case of child protection removing the children from our care for one week. Could this help my chances and be used against him even though the case is closed? Could I seek full custody and do I have chance of winning?	Family Questions	California
Am I obligated  to pay the remaining two weeks if someone broke into and left with two weeks left? I pay month to month on a house I rented.  My house got broken into, so we left with two weeks left.  Am I obligated to pay the remaining two weeks?	Real Estate Questions	California
I would like to know if I can collect my unemployment if I had 2 appeals from different employers and one was found in my favor and the other was denied? I would like to know if I can collect my unemployment if I had 2 appeals from different employers and one was found in my favor and the other was denied?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can choir copy Christmas songs to use in church service? Our choir would like to copy some Christmas songs from a Hymnal to use in our cantata.  Is this permissible?	Copyright Questions	Virginia
Is it legal to say our payment is incomplete and withhold registration even though we paid for the vehicle completely? I purchased a vehicle in California in Nov 2011. The day I drove the vehicle home I gave the dealership a check in full for the car. They sent their payment into my bank to pay for my trade in. They sent a too much money in and the bank did not send it back and so far none of us know where it went. Now they are refusing to submit for our registration because they say our payment is incomplete. It's been 6 months with no registration. Is this legal to say our payment is incomplete and withhold registration even though we paid for the vehicle completely?	Consumer Questions	California
Is there a California law for time allotted an employer to pay  employees after a missed pay date? Is there a California law for time allotted an employer to pay  employees after a missed pay date? My employer failed to get payroll done, therefore, employees did not receive our weekly paychecks. How much time does my employer have to get me my paycheck?	Employment Questions	California
I have a LLC and I am going to file an unlawful detainer. Can I do this in proper? I have a LLC and I am going to file a unlawful detainer. Can I do this in proper?	Leasing Questions	California
Will my boyfriend go to jail if he didn't complete any of his community service and has court again tomorrow? My boyfriend crashed his car into a bridge while texting and the court gave him community service... He didn't complete any of his community service though, and has court again tomorrow. Will he go to jail?	Criminal Questions	California
Does a father get joint custody if he has visitation rights? Does a father get joint custody if he has visitation rights?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Can I apply for the Dream Act law if I came here before I was 16 & now I'm in college trying to get my GED? hi my name is Daniel I came to the U.S. before I was 16 but I didn't finish high school but now I'm in college trying to get my GED. Can I apply for the Dream Act law?	Immigration Questions	North Carolina
Anything I can do if my ex has access to my checking account? I also have a similar situation. I have an ex-girlfriend who accessed my checking account without my permission and saw that it was overdrawn. She paid the balance so the account would close. However, I told her to stay out when we broke up, and I wasn't even notified until the day after. Is there anything I can do?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Fair for an employee with 23 years to be cut to part-time and a rookie to stay full-time? Do you think it is fair for an employee with 23 years to be cut to part-time and a rookie to stay full-time?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can they legally send it to collections and what do I need to do to get it off of his credit report?  My son went to an ER in Gulf Breeze, FL back in 2008.  He was 14.  He is now 18 and checked his credit report for the first time.  It shows a charge off from the hospital.  He was a minor at the time and I am his father and the responsible party, not him.  Can they legally send it to collections and what do I need to do to get it off of his credit report? Thanks.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Are you infringing if website displays pictures with owner's permission? If you have a website that buys and sells sport and concert event tickets and you want to display the picture of those artists and athletes on the front page (with the proper permission of the picture owner), are you in infringing on other's copyrights?	Copyright Questions	Maryland
During a criminal forfeited trial, can telephonic be utilize on someone that resides out-of-state? During a criminal forfeited trial, can telephonic be utilize on someone that resides out-of-state? Or does that person have to appear in person to be sworn in during trial?	Criminal Questions	Florida
When creating a power of attorney document, does the document have to be in the state where the person resides in even if there are hospitalized in another state? My mother is hospitalized in Augusta GA. She is a resident of Allendale, SC. She wants me to be her Power of attorney. The document will be signed in the hospital. When creating a POA document, does the document have to be in the state where the person resides in even if there are hospitalized in another state?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I get my granddaughter back from her mother?  My son has an ex parte hearing to get my one year old granddaughter from her mother who took her from our home to go live with her parents. Her father is a heroin addict and both parents have criminal records. Her mother has no means of support. We are being told that we'll be able to get my granddaughter back with the order that the judge will grant in my son's favor, is this realistic?	Family Questions	California
When do I stop paying child support if my son will be 21 in January and he goes to college? My son will be 21 in January and he goes to college. When do I stop paying child support?	Family Questions	New York
If I make out my own last will and testament and bring it to an attorney to look at, will that save me money? If I make out my own last will and testament and bring it to an attorney to look at, will that save me money over going to an attorney to begin the process of writing a will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Can I be told I'm no longer allowed at a business when I have not committed any crime? In the state of GA, can I be told I'm no longer allowed at a business when I have not committed any crime or done anything illegal on the premises?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is it a violation of any law when a realtor does not notify a seller that another realtor received and presented an offer to the owners contracted realtor which is higher in order to avoid the commission? Is it a violation of any law when a realtor does not notify a seller that another realtor received and presented an offer to the owners contracted realtor which is higher in order to avoid the commission?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Rights if my house is being auctioned off when I am the co-borrower? 11 years ago my husband and I bought a house. I am not on the deed  but I am a co-borrower. We are getting divorced and I received paper work that my house will be auctioned off in May. What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Trap to arrest me if I obtained a driver's license in someone elses name in 2004? I obtained a driver's license in someone elses name in 2004. Now they have put a stop on my license and I cannot renew it.  They say they cannot bring criminal charges against me because it has been over a year and want me to come in and bring identification to remove the stop.  Is this a trap to arrest me?	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
Do I have any recourse with the contractor if the system is installed wrong? Hello,I had a large master bedroom addition to my NJ home in 2006, it was fully permitted, and passed by the town. The town made me install a radon fan system at that time. It was installed by the same contractor.  I am selling my home now and the inspector said the system is installed wrong. Do I have any recourse with either the contractor or the town? Is there a statute of limitation? It has been 6.5 yrs. Thank you, GB	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Only worker in business serving jury duty. I own and am the only worker in a piano tuning business in Montgomery County, PA.  If I get called for jury duty and am picked to serve and it causes me to not be able to perform a contract (i.e. having to personally tune for a performance), can I be held responsible for damages?	Commercial Questions	Pennsylvania
What are the penalties for posting an image of my girlfriend on the internet in which a modeling agency claims ownership over the image? I am in the army. My ex girlfriend and I broke up a few weeks ago because she started dating her previous boyfriend. Last weekend, I was intoxicated and posted nude pics of her on a website. She is trying to sue me for defamation.  She says she belongs to a modeling agency and that they are going to try and charge me because her image is owned under a contract. What are the liabilities for this and can I possibly fight it?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
What do I need to do to get guardianship of my sister from my mom?  What do I need to do to get guardianship of my sister from my mom? She's willingly giving her to me.	Family Questions	Florida
In NY is Memorial Day considered a holiday or is it optional?  In NYS is Memorial Day considered a holiday or is it optional?  If you work on memorial day does your employer have to pay overtime(1 1/2, 2 1/2)?	Employment Questions	New York
Does the father of a child have legal rights to babysitting the child while mother is at work? Does the father of a child have legal rights to babysitting the child while mother is at work? We are not married, but live together.	Family Questions	Florida
Is use of parking brake mandatory on standard shift vehicles when parking? Is use of parking brake mandatory on standard shift vehicles when parking?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
How can I get a green card? How can I get a green card?	Immigration Questions	01
Question about defective laptop that I bought from a company online? I am a resident of New Jersey and was sued in small claims court in Nebraska.  I could not attend and I wrote a letter to the court and left a message with the judge informing him of this but never heard back.The case is about a defective laptop that I bought from a company online that is located in Nebraska.  I was unhappy with it and returned it via UPS.  While in the custody of UPS, the laptop was stolen.  UPS took responsibility and paid out $100.  I could not collect the full amount because UPS stated I did not declare the value, which I had and apparently did not go through due to an error with the website.Computer company states they instructed me in email to insure package and that I am now legally in contract and liable.	Consumer Questions	New Jersey
What state (Delaware or Nevada) is best to incorporate a home based business with just one employee (myself)? What state (Delaware or Nevada) is best to incorporate a home based business with just one employee (myself)?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
What is the fastest and legal way to evict a family member in the state of NY? What is the fastest and legal way to evict a family member in the state of NY? Before they moved in they did say they needed to stay 90 days. Well it's been 120 days. They've paid no rent or even offered to pay rent or a bill. I'm a single parent of five and pregnant with twins. My brother needs to go. Thank you for your time.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
If I have my kids 96 hours out of a week and I make more money, will I have to pay my ex child support? If I have my kids 96 hours out of a week and I make more money then my husband, will I have to pay him child support?	Family Questions	California
Can a wife ask for 50/50 split of real estate settlement proceeds? Can a wife ask for 50/50 split of real estate settlement proceeds?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
When an apt. manager breaches the signed contract, can the tenant obtain all personal references that the manager is in possession of be returned to tenant?  When an apt. manager breaches the signed contract, can the tenant obtain all personal references that the manager is in possession of be returned to tenant?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How do we start the process to sign away the baby's father's rights over? I am 2 months pregnant and live in CA, so does my baby's father. He wants to sign his rights over. How do we start this process? And do we have to wait until the baby is born or can he sign now?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it a legal deed if my friend went to courthouse but not all parties have not signed it? I have a friend who is renting a property the is owned by a land owner.  They went to the courthouse and pulled the deed and it is a warranty deed but all parties have not signed it. Is it a legal deed?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How can I legally to be protected from my husband's medical bills? As a wife I'm the only breadwinner. I work in Arizona but still own a home in California.In California, my husband just came out of the hospital after suffering from a heart attack. It's critical that he has full time care in Arizona, where our insurance is and where he can be cared for by me. He refuses to come to Arizona and wants to continue his care in California . His ongoing medical bills will ruin us, is there anything I can do legally to be protected?	Family Questions	California
Can I be prosecuted for paying post-dated checks? I have a loan at check n go and it is over 1 year delinquent. I want to know if I make a payment on the post dated checks, can they still prosecute me?	Banking Law Questions	Texas
If I give a two-month notice, and it is signed by myself and employer, and the employer lets me go before that time, am I owed that two months pay? If I give a two-month notice, and it is signed by myself and employer, and the employer lets me go before that time, am I owed that two months pay? I have worked for this company for 5 years, and a lot of time and training goes into my executive level position, hence why I gave a two month notice. My notice was signed by myself and employer post dated 2 months out. Within two days, the company said they are giving me three weeks, with no payout. There is no corrective action on my end.	Employment Questions	California
After a lease has expired and you now rent month to month does the landlord have to give 30 day notice to change the rental agreement?  After a lease has expired and you now rent month to month does the landlord have to give 30 day notice to change the rental agreement? I pay rent plus $60.00 for utilities, my landlord now wants me to pay the utilities. Does he have to give me a 30 day notice?	Real Estate Questions	California
How do I set up and maintain a charity? How do I set up and maintain a charity?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
What do I need to have done legally and have my ex wife and daughter removed if we have no lease or rental agreement? i have my ex-wife and daughter living in my house.  We have no lease or rental agreement.  What do I need to have done legally and have them removed?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Can a tenant in a verbal contract give a 30 day notice on the 1st of the month and refuse to pay? Can a tenant in a verbal month to month contract give a 30 day notice on the 1st of the month and refuse to pay said agreed amount of rent for those 30 days if tenant is still occupying the space?	Real Estate Questions	Oklahoma
Should I create a will or a trust in California? Should I create a will or a trust in California?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Can my employer ask me to do extra work off the clock and not pay me for it? Can my employer ask me to do extra work off the clock and not pay me for it? If something they claim I messed up.	Employment Questions	Georgia
Question about an eviction notice and $360 rent increase when the the apartment is dilapidated?  I was in my property for over one year.  A new property owner took over in January of 2012 and raised the rent an additional $350 without giving me a written notice. They gave me a notice of eviction in March of 2012. They also have not fixed a leak, which I notified them about three months ago.	Real Estate Questions	California
What are the punishments for underage smoking and drinking in Georgia? What are the punishments for underage smoking and drinking in Georgia?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
If 5 siblings receive oil rights, should one of the siblings be appointed the administrator? There are 5 siblings who are receiving oil rights. Should one of the siblings be appointed the administrator?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can you gamble during your working shift? Can you gamble (mainly video machines) during your working shift?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Oregon
Can I sue a business for hiring my 15-year-old daughter without my consent as a full-time father? Can I sue a business for hiring my 15-year-old daughter without my consent as a full-time father?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What will happen if the elderly person I care for let me use his visa & now the family want to press charges? I'm taking care of this elderly person and he let me use his visa card. The cops got involved and the guy doesn't want to press charges but his family in new jersey has a cop in the family and they might press charges. What will happen to me if they do?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Do I have legal rights to continue making payments after my mother's death until it is paid off? I have a durable power of attorney form for my mom. She is still making payments on her mobile home. Do I have legal rights to continue making payments after her death until it is paid off?	Real Estate Questions	California
Legal for my landlord to ask me to re-sign the lease after he changed the conditions? I signed a one year lease for my apartment. The landlord sent it back and scratched off one year and checked month to month. He told me to re-sign them and send them back. Is this legal or illegal?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How should same-sex partners secure rights in addition to medical POA? My (same sex) partner and I are looking to have medical powers of attorney so that we can take care of each other, should the need arise. What do you recommend in addition to medical powers of attorney to secure our rights?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Please help me in this child support situation My husband received a letter from the family support division for child support for a little girl in 2009. We contacted the family support division because he had no clue about this little girl and somehow the case got closed. Well now we just found out yesterday that his unemployment has been garnished since November 2011. There was never any paternity test or anything done! What can we do?	Family Questions	Missouri
Should I be getting paid for other job-related tasks to my job description? They're showing favoritism to a family member and I get paid for piece rate. Should I be getting paid for other job-related tasks to my job description? Like maintenance to job vehicle, loading supplies, and having to drive one way over an hour without pay.	Employment Questions	North Carolina
What steps do I take about neighbor blocking a road that I have a right of way? What steps do I take about neighbor blocking a road that I have a right of way through to other property that I own?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Can ex-husband still have visitation if refusing to pay child support? If your ex husband is refusing to pay child support, can he still legally have visitation?	Family Questions	Colorado
If I took pictures on a borrowed camera, do I have to pay the owner to get the pictures? If I took pictures on a borrowed camera (with no verbal/contractual agreements) do I have to pay the owner to get the pictures?	Consumer Questions	New York
Is it too late to stop the divorce if the attorney still has it on file? If a judge in the state of NY signed off on our papers but the attorney says they still have to file, is it too late to stop the divorce?	Family Questions	New York
If I get a divorce, could my child's father stop me from taking my child and moving out of state? If I get a divorce, could my child's father stop me from taking my child and moving out of state?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
If I provided child care in my home without a contract and was never paid, can I file in small claims court for my wages?	Contract Questions,Employment Questions,Legal Questions	Indiana
Is it best for us to honor our mother's request or wait and have to pay inheritance tax later? Mom is getting up in age.  She has approximately 140,000 in Savings. She want to give us money, we feel like it's her's and we won't take it. Is it best for us to honor her request or wait and have to pay inheritance tax later?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Time an employer have to mail my check after I resign? How long does an employer have to mail my check after I resign?	Employment Questions	California
Are all contracts required to be in writing? Are all contracts required to be in writing?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Information on employee law? Need information on employee law. Wrongful termination, retaliation, sexual & age discrimination, sex discrimination, retaliation, falsifying records, harassment, & hostile work environment.	Employment Questions	Nevada
How to expunge domestic violence charge in CO? I would like to have my domestic violence charge expunged in Colo. It has been 18 years and I have had no trouble since.Will it be possible or am I wasting my time.It was 1993 when I plead guilty to a misdemeanor and then it was changed to LAUTEN BURC.AMEND of 1996, three years later ex post facto.	Criminal Questions	Florida
Legal for an employer to force someone to step down in pay grade or leave? My daughter has worked for a non union retail clothing store for 3 years.  She was promoted to a manager position as a part time employer.  She had had no work related issues.  They are combining two stores and are changing her position to full time which she is willing to work.  They say that she has to apply for her own job, step down in pay grade, or leave.  Is that legal?  There are four managers and her job is the only one they are doing this with. This is a $12.00 per hour position.	Employment Questions	New York
Does the property manager in a gated community have the right to take pics of minors without consent? Does the property manager in a gated community have the right to take pics of minors without parental consent in the state of FL?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do if my husband's unemployment ends on a certain date and people call it fraud after? My husband got unemployment and after it ended it said to call on a certain date. I did that and I thought it was okay. Now I'm scared he will go to jail for this. What can I do as he's working and the claim ended on 05-26-12?  What can I do if a man came to the house and said it was fraud? Do I have to get a lawyer? He will come on Monday.	Employment Questions	Colorado
After the baby is born, can the father take it away from the mother? After the baby is born, can the father take it away from the mother?	Family Questions	Oregon
Should we try counseling or should we just end our marriage if the problems persist? I have been married for eight years and I am miserable.  My husband has a very bad anger issue and he screams and yells at me in front of our girls.  He also has been cussing in front of the baby a lot, who just turned a year.  I have left twice and it has not gotten any better.  Should we try counseling or should we just end it?	Family Questions	Virginia
If I buy a house before my divorce is final, can she take it from me?  If I buy a house before my divorce is final can she take it from me?  The divorce was filed in California.	Family Questions	California
In divorce is it the one who earns the biggest salary that has to pay? In divorce is it the one who earns the biggest salary that has to pay?	Family Questions	New York
What can I legally do to get my ex to pay for his son? Ok my soon to be ex-husband is in the military and is deployed. He has not paid me spousal support for our 11-month-old son in 2 almost, 3 months . I have been to his chain of command and nothing has been done. What can I legally do to get him to pay for his son?	Family Questions	Georgia
Possible to divorce my adult children who are now in their 40's? I want to divorce my adult children who are now in their 40's.  Is this possible?	Family Questions	California
If my daughter is due to make settlement on a house, is there anyway to break this agreement and get her money back? My daughter is due to make settlement on a house in PA in a couple weeks, she put $7k as a down payment.  Is there anyway to break this agreement and get her money back?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
When a police officer pulls you over can they ask my passenger for they I.D.? When a police officer pulls you over can they ask my passenger for they I.D.?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
Can my landlord get in trouble for selling us a mobile home without a furnace? Can my landlord get in trouble for selling us a mobile home without a furnace?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How can I get a legal bar in DC? How can I get a legal bar in DC?	Employment Questions	23
Question about employment's unfair termination? I was terminated from my employment last week. My supervisor had it out for me for a long time. I had a problem with my staff and asked her for guidance, she criticized my management skills, suspended me and had me write an action plan she also had me read a book called "You want me to work with who" and write what synopsis of what I got out of the book.  I have documented emails that I had sent to her describing my staff's unwillingness to cooperate with me. Everyone in the organization knew she was out for me and told me to be careful. I have emails from the HR manager letting me know when my supervisor would be coming to my office so I could be on guard.  Is this something i could pursue?	Employment Questions	New York
Should I be concerned with my estranged husband trying to seek part of these properties as his assets due to our marriage of less then 4 years?  I am in the process of getting a divorce. I owned 2 properties prior to our marriage that occurred on June 16th 2009. Should I be concerned with my estranged husband trying to seek part of these properties as his assets due to our marriage of less then 4 years? THESE PROPERTIES ARE RENTALS OF MINE. Does he have any rights to my property?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Confusion over payments for college? I attend Kaplan College and this is the first college that I attend to but I'm very confused with the payments. My dad works and so does my mom and I'm used to work but not anymore. My cousin goes to school with me and she doesn't have to pay what I have to pay. I understand that a lot has to do with financial aid but I'm paying over $400 a month. There's some people that do not have to pay what I have to pay and a school mate told me that she is unemployed so she pays nothing but then again they wanted to charge her $60 so she said that they were trying to get money out of her. I don't think it is fair for me to be paying that amount of money and I have a bad feeling that I do not need to be paying at all.	Consumer Questions	California
How do I obtain dual citizen visas? My wife and child are British citizens and they are in the USA on visitor visas. What do I have to do to get them both dual citizens?	Immigration Questions	Missouri
Is it legal to require a cosigner for a car purchase one month after signing the contract? I purchased a car a month ago and was financed through the dealer and signed contract a month ago now after one month the finance company says I need a cosigner or turn the car in. Is this legal?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
I'm thinking of making a product that will have red pinstripes on a white background other parts will consist of blue and red and will say Philly, and will be marketed to a sports audience. This will not have the team's name, players' names, players' likenesses. Would this infringe on the mlb team?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	Pennsylvania
What are my tenant rights if my landlord did not disclose house? The landlord did not disclose house as it was in foreclose prior to signing lease. Has not been applying rent to mortgage and now house is going to auction. What are my tenant rights?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can an employer take away a guaranteed 40-hour benefit from its employees? Can an employer take away a guaranteed 40-hour benefit from its employees?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I go about getting a title in my name with only a bill of sale? I bought 3 motorcycles that did not come with titles due to being bought at a storage auction by the previous owner. How do i go about getting a title in my name in New York State, with only a bill of sale document?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What can I do to keep my rights if my ex is trying to taking my parental rights away? My ex husband is trying to get my legal rights as a mother taken away. My children live in Colorado & I recently moved to Florida. What  can I do from here to keep my rights until I return to Colorado?	Family Questions	Florida
What am I supposed to do with a medical neglect case? My daughter went into cardiac arrest 7-3-2012. She was 4 days late on meds that had to be delivered by pharmacy. She also missed 2 infusion appointments due to southeast trans not booking the appointments and booster seat. Now I have medical neglect case. What am I supposed to do?	Family Questions	Georgia
Sue American Express for entering into a settlement agreement and then not fulfilling?  Can I sue American Express for entering into a settlement agreement and then not fulfilling? They agreed to re open my charge card and reinstate all my rewards miles once the balance was paid off. I paid the balance 90 days ago, and the only thing that has happen is that they have closed my only other American Express account.	Consumer Questions	New York
Does a lawyer need to be present to have a document notarized if both parties agree on the same matter?  Does a lawyer need to be present to have a document notarized if both parties agree on the same matter? The matter is i am letting him have the house and he gives me half of what its worth.	Real Estate Questions	Maine
Can my landlord evict me without notice? Can my landlord evict me without notice?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can my spouse get visit with my son if he is not the father? Can my spouse get visit with my son if he is not the father?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it legal if my employer was paying me for traveling and suddenly he stopped without notice? my employer was paying me for traveling and suddenly he stopped without notice. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	California
Question regarding Employment Transfer Regular processing? I-129 H1B Emp. Transfer Regular processing:I have a question regarding receiving the RFE from USCIS California Ser Center.On USCIS web-site: Case Status section, it is showing that they have sent a Mail containing RFE on April11, 2012 for my case. But attorney has not received the copy yet.1. Could the Attorney request them to Re-send or Fax the same? 2. How much is the normal time within which one can expect the same to arrive?3. Is the response times for I-129 H1B Employment Transfer Regular processing California Center Case pretty same i.e. standard 12 weeks? or does it differ from case to case?3. Does it affect the response time i.e. does USCIS considers the late mail or Non-Delivery into account for response time clock?	Immigration Questions	California
Filed complaints to HR with no results. A supervisor that is commiting slander, defamation of character and also a liar, we went to the HR manager twice and filed a complaint. The other nurse that works here has also made complaints but no result. We work for Tyson Foods	Employment Questions	Nebraska
What type of company should I form if I need to accept venture capital? What type of company should I form if I need to accept venture capital?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
My family is renting a home that has been forclosed on and is up for auction. The notice was posted on our door October 10th. We with held our rent once we received the notice. Our landlord has filed against us in court suing us for rent for the month of October.  Are we obligated to pay him?	California Questions,Leasing Questions	California
Recourse when an insurance company misrepresents themselves concerning the coverages in a policy? Is there any recourse when an insurance company misrepresents themselves concerning the coverages in a policy?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What are my rights over my baby if I'm illegal and my husband is American citizen with a felony? What are my rights over my baby if I'm illegal and my husband is American citizen with a felony?	Family Questions	California
Will I be able to keep home or will card companies be able to take it for debts after my husband passes? My husband is dying. I've been out of work for approx. 2 months acting as his caregiver. there is no money to pay creditors. Am current on house payment. no will or trust. Only assets are home, 2002 truck, 1982 Benz not running. No equity in home. Will file bankruptcy when he passes. Will I be able to keep home or will card companies be able to take it for debts?	Real Estate Questions	California
What are the legal ramifications if a person can not pay back on-line payday loans? What are the legal ramifications if a person can not pay back on-line payday loans in the state of Maryland?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Can you be held liable or sued for anything that occurs to a property that you sold seven years ago? Can you be held liable or sued for anything that occurs to a property that you sold seven years ago?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I quit & collect unemployment for a few weeks until I can start a new job due to stressful work? I am working at a medical day spa in Pennsylvania which is on the verge of going under due to divorce. The Doctor's wife left draining him of a lot of money & items. She also was feeding him Valium/drugs without him knowing.I t is rumored that my fellow employees knew about the stolen property & druggings. The woman who is now in charge is constantly swearing at & around clients. I catch her lying all the time & she constantly stresses me out to the point of being sick.S he is the dr's personal assistant and you really can not complain to him about her. Can I quit & collect unemployment for a few weeks until I can start a new job I was hired for in August due to the instability & stressful working environment?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I received an email saying the property is in the process of filing for bankruptcy? We have property, commercial/residential restaurant and house on same lot.  We had someone in there that defaulted, not only on the property payment but left the place completely gutted, no plumbing, electricity or walls.  They also got rid of all our equipment, near 15,000 worth.  We have been trying to serve her for over 4 months now.  She had stopped answering all emails and not calling back.  Today I received an email saying she is in the process of filing for bankruptcy.  Does she have to send us information on her bankruptcy if we are named in it so we can fight it or are we completely out of luck?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
How to make sure that we verbally agreed that I was to have no responsibility to my spouse & to have custody? We verbally agreed that I was to have no financial responsibility to my spouse and to have joint custody. How would I go about that in paper work and expect to be sure my spouse can never take me back to court later for money? As it is now we agree upon the terms but I want to know how to make that permanent.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have to provide my personal banking info to my employer due to a non-related job accident? My employer is demanding my personal banking info due to an incident that is not related to work or my job. Do I have to provide it?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Will a judge give a hospital a time frame to pay for wrongful death damages,when settled out of court? Will a judge give a hospital a specific time frame to pay for wrongful death damages,when settled out of court?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Can I sell my house for what I own on the mortgage to my son-in-law? Can I sell my house for what I own on the mortgage to my son-in-law?	Real Estate Questions	California
Friend's son and my daughter in questionable activities. My daughter was at a friend's house playing with her son for a few hours. Both kids are 4 years of age.  I came back and when I walked in the door to the child's room, it was closed.  She opened the door and both kids were putting clothes back on. Do I have a case?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
How to get my daughter back from my mom who has us today but is sick and dying? I have questions on how to get my daughter back from my mom who has us today but is sick and dying?	Family Questions	Connecticut
How do you sue someone in small claims court with only an e-mail and p.o.box address?  How do you sue someone in small claims court with only an e-mail and p.o.box address?  I have asked for repayment by phone and e-mail.  Dates for repayment never kept.  She sent me a promissory note template by e-mail but I never got her to sign a copy.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it legal under trademark laws to use a name of a medicine? Is it legal under trademark laws to use a name of a medicine (example Vicoden) in an advertisement for a product that produces similar effects but is all natural? Use would be something like this, "Vicoden blend" under the real products picture and description.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Do I have to leave in 30 days if my landlord sold the property and my lease doesn't end until Mat 2012? My landlord is selling the house that I live in and told me that I have 30 days to move. My lease does not expire until May 2012. Do I have to leave in 30 days?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can you patent a general idea or must it be one specific item or a definite specific pattern? Can you patent a general idea, including a variety of options, or must it be one specific item or a definite specific pattern?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
Lawsuit if the entire wall ceiling falls down on  myself and son, evening if we didn't get physically hurt?   Do I have a lawsuit if the entire try wall ceiling falls down on  myself and son, evening if we didn't get physically hurt?  1 week before my son was hospitalize for attempt  suicide and was in ICU.  The incident was too much after an already stressful time.  In additional the building is over 40 years old, 40 yrs of animal waste fell down onto my furniture and my tv has dings and scratches from dry wall falling,  Outside of the building has cracks leading up the the 3rd floor walls and ceiling.  The landlord has been negligence with his property. Carpet on stairs have rips. I do have pictures after incident as we were hurry out of the apartment and into different hotels for 4 days.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
How can I prove that my daughter has been living with me for about 6 months? my daughter is physically living with me but my ex husband is claiming that she is living with him. How can I prove that my daughter has been living with me for about 6 months?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it legal for my company to cancel me on call if they don't have a need for my services? Hello, I am a full time RN at a local hospital in Missouri. I was wondering is it legal for my company to cancel/ place me on call if they don't have a need for my services? I must use my paid vacation time in order to make up for my hours.	Employment Questions	Missouri
Question regarding if company never sent in a satisfaction of loan but can't sell my property? I purchased a property from an LLC that was located in Florida after paying off the loan. The company never sent in a satisfaction of loan document. I want to sell my property but can not, I have tried to contact them by phone and by registered mail, with no response. I finished paying the loan off in 2005.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can videos be shown to residents without licensing? Can Videos be shown to residents of a condominium without licensing?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
Is the parent responsible if their child attacked my child? My son, who is 14 years old, was attacked by another 14 year old.  Is the parent responsible for and could we sue them for pain and suffering and medical bills?	Family Questions	New Jersey
What do I do if I do not agree with the judge's decision concerning my son? I live in South Florida Broward County, and I had my final divorce hearing yesterday.  I do not agree with what the judge decided.  What can I do?  I had an attorney that I did not have but for 3 weeks before the set trial date and she did not have a chance to represent me properly.  Please let me know what I can do.  It is in regards to my son having to relocate to a new school under his dad's address.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can apt management  demand 1 additional month rent? I have recently lost my job. Due to financial hardship, I let the apt management know that I have to break my 9/30/12 lease termination date. Apt management  stated that they will keep the security deposit and in addition they are requiring me to pay one month rent for May even if they can re-rent it for May. The apt is in a very desirable area in Philly and is easily rentable. There is usually a long waiting list for the rental. I have even volunteered to vacate the apt a week before April 30th so that the apt can be professionally cleaned for renting on May 1st. I have paid April rent. I have been a very good tenant, have paid my rent always on time and have maintained the place very well. Can apt management  demand 1 additional month rent? What is the law?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have a chance of visitations? I have an 11 year old daughter that I see every other weekend.  I try to see her more but her mom does not allow it.  I want to go back to court to get visitation changed to rotate weeks or have my daughter live with me during the summer.  Her mother and I live in the same school district.(Oklahoma. City). My question is do I have a shot to get one of these visitations?	Family Questions	Texas
What can I do if my ex girlfriend moved from Wisconsin to Alaska with my 5 month old daughter?Paternity was not established untill after she moved when I was in court to establish visitation. The judge was being biased.	Family Questions	Wisconsin
What are my consumer rights if services performed by a DJ is unsatisfactory? What are my consumer rights if services performed by a DJ is unsatisfactory which includes the 2 DJ listed on the contract did not show up? I stop payment on the balance and attorney left message that it is illegal to stop payment on a check when services are performed?	Consumer Questions	New York
What can I do to prove my job if I get paid cash? The judge asked me for proof of my job but I get paid cash. She said if I am lying, that I can go to jail for lying to the court. What can I do?	Employment Questions	California
Question regarding suing horrible work done on my feet by different doctors? I live in Florida and have had some really horrible work done on my feet by different doctors.  I have had recent surgeries to correct the issues caused by the other doctors.  I have been asked many times why I do not sue well I have contacted attorneys in this area Naples and have not had good responses.  Maybe I do not have enough money to sue a doctor for malpractice?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can a cell phone contract extension be voided if there is 20 days to return the phone? Can a cell phone contract extension be voided if there is 20 days to return the phone?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
According to California Civil Codes shouldn't the personal injuries be impossible? I was in a car accident in March 2010 in California. All parties walked away from the accident without any known injuries. Yesterday I was served with papers that I was personally being sued for personal injuries damage in the excess of $25,000. I'm just wondering why now is this occurring. According to California Civil Codes shouldn't this be impossible?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Is it illegal to convert music to MP3 player? is it illegal to convert music to your MP3 player?	Copyright Questions	Indiana
Does my son need a signature of the legal custodian if we can't locate him now for the money he is to receive? My son was left a large sum of money, but he could only receive it when he turns 18. However does he need to signature of the legal custodian if we can't locate him now?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What are the current rules on disclosure of commission split between the parties? What are the current rules on disclosure of commission split between the parties?The listing is a 6% Commission and the listing agent posts 2.5% on MLS but fails to disclose he is keeping 3.5% for himself without telling any of the parties involved in the transaction including selling agent, sellers, and buyers has he committed an infraction of chapter 475.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
How do I remove someone from an llc in florida that has only been established for two months?	Corporate Questions	Florida
If I have contract with my client, will the termination be valid one month? As a contingent recruiter I have a contract with my client that reads; "This agreement is effective on the date last below written and will continue in full force and effect on a year-to-t-year basis until terminated by either part upon written notice given at least one month prior to the next renewal date." The date is agreement 1/27/11, the notice was given 8/13/12. Will the termination be valid one month from 8/13 or 1/27/13??	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
What court order should I file so I can release the money in my name? my husband passed away. We have a joint tenant savings account with my late husband's broker. He is now telling me I need a court order to release the money in my name. What court order should I file so I can do it myself? My broker is on the east coast for another week I need to do this before he can go further.	Consumer Questions	California
Question about immigration papers? Hi ,I am a USA citizen. My wife has H1B Visa. We are filing I-130 and I-485 forms so she can request her Green cars as my wife. (We are married over 4 years and have 2 kids.).I am confused in what to answer in I-130 form page 2, questions 18, 19 and 21 as we live together and have the same address as stated in page 1.Should question 18 be answered with current address? 19 N/A and 21 should be our previous address ?Or else?Your help is highly appreciated.Yosi	Immigration Questions	California
How do we get the file to Immigration? Spouse was granted relief for adjustment of status under application I-485 section 245(i) at end of May 2012 in Orlando, Florida through the courts(final order).  We now reside in Texas.  Immigration states they do not have my husbands file.  We have called multiple times, we have made an appointment and brought the approved order.  We have e-mailed Immigration and looked online.  No one can tell us how to get the file from the court to Immigration.  Our prev. Attorney states the court is supposed to do this automatically.  No one can or is helping us.  We need to know how to get the file to Immigration?	Immigration Questions	Texas
Does my business need any certifications in order to conduct business? I have an online business that allows for rebates on particular items.  We hold our user's rebated money in an account until they go through the necessary channel to get the money from us.  Does my business need any certifications in order to conduct business?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
If I'm not legal and I'm going to get married to a guy who is applying for asylum, do I get a green card if he does? If I'm not legal and I'm going to get married to a guy who is applying for asylum, do I get a green card if he does?	Immigration Questions	Florida
How can I reduce felonies to misdemeanors and eventually clear them from my record? I was charged with HS 11377 (A) and HS 11379 (A) and want to know if I can reduce these felonies to misdemeanors, and eventually clear it from my record. This is my first offense and they only found a $20 bag of meth.	Criminal Questions	California
Is there financial recourse for medical and psychiatric treatment from the bully that caused it?  Is there financial recourse for medical and psychiatric treatment from the bully that caused it? Both the victim and the bully are minors.	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Does a couple have to get a divorce seeing it wasn't legal in the first place? A couple got a marriage license in Michigan which they are residents of. They went and got married in Ohio. They have split up. Do they have to get a divorce seeing it wasn't legal in the first place?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Question regarding friend who has serious medical problems due to negligence in the work place? I have a very close friend who has serious medical problems due to negligence in the work place.  She has asked me to help her by attempting ghost write her memoir which would be focused on the hospital where she worked, the hospital administration, OSHA, Workman's Comp, and possibly other agencies. If I do, and one of the people or agencies decides to sue her, am I also at risk of being sued? Or can I state in a contract that I cannot be held accountable for libelous or defamatory comments made by my client.  (Though I would not be paid for my service, so she would not formally be my client.)Thank you for taking time to read this and respond.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Oregon
Can I file for divorce in GA or do I have to go to OH if I can't afford to go there? I married in 1998 in OH however we moved to GA 9yrs ago. My husband and I have been separated for a year on n off and 5mths ago he moved back to OH taking are 2 children. My son wants to stay with the father daughter with me.  Can I file for divorce in GA or do I have to go to OH. I can't afford to go there. What do I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
If both of us have joint custody, do I have to take them back? Can I just file for custody? If both of us have joint custody, do I have to take them back? Can I just file for custody?	Family Questions	Missouri
Will there be a lien against my retirement account if the loan modification is process?  In the loan modification process, when the process requires retirement accounts value, will there be a lien against my retirement account if the loan modification is process?  Will having a retirement account be cause for rejecting a loan modification request?	Bankruptcy Questions,Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can sellers void the contract if the realtor failed to present multiple offers? Realtor failed to present multiple offers, told sellers they had an oral contract and had to sign, sellers signed.  Can sellers void the contract in California?	Real Estate Questions	California
Where can I get a Divorce for free? Where can I get a Divorce for free?	Family Questions	Florida
Can my homeless sister be arrested if caught driving her vehicle that she stopped paying? My homeless sister has been living in her car (Nissan-Versa) that she stopped paying on since 11/2011. Although, Nissan Finance has charged off her balance owed in 06/2012, can she be arrested if caught driving the vehicle? Can it be reported stolen or something?Thank you for your response(s).	Consumer Questions	California
If you're scheduled to work a 4 hour shift and the employer sends you home because it is slow, do they still have to pay you for the 4 hours? In California, If you're scheduled to work a 4 hour shift and the employer sends you home because it is slow, do they still have to pay you for the 4 hours?	Employment Questions	California
What is needed to be approved for the new student visa law? What is needed to be approved for the new student visa law?	Immigration Questions	Texas
How do you remove a member's name from an LLC if they voluntarily want to be removed? How do you remove a member's name from an LLC if they voluntarily want to be removed?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Washington
Can my roommates just kick me out if they are the ones on the lease? I am living with roommates but they are the ones on the lease. Can they just kick me out?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I get suspended for not going to work on a day that's not mandatory? Can I get suspended for not going to work on a day that's not mandatory?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
A couple wants to buy a house, both put money down and the title in one spouse's name, but they never got married. Who gets what?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I file bankruptcy on a lawyer? Can I file bankruptcy on a lawyer?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How can I become a legal resident if I leave to my country of origin? How can I become a legal resident if I leave to my country of origin?	Immigration Questions	Illinois
Can I get an extension or can I get a paid lawyer to get me a lesser term? 
 I signed for a two year term for receiving stolen property. I asked for a cruise waiver. It was granted. I go for sentencing in thirty days. Can I get an extension or can I get a paid lawyer to get me a lesser term?	Criminal Questions	California
Can I bring action against the hospital for not treating my husband immediately? My husband died of a heart attack.  He went to the emergency room told them that he had pains in his chest.  They made him fill out paperwork before treating him.  He died ten minutes after filling out the paperwork.  We are told to get to the hospital immediately if we are having a heart attack.  Can I bring action against the hospital for not treating him immediately?	Family Questions	New York
I want to form a LLC in Georgia with 3 other people to buy a house that is under foreclosure. Other than our names, addresses, the name of the LLC, and an office address, what else should we include in the Articles of Incorporation? I know that legally we aren't required to include much else. None	Corporate Questions	Georgia
Can I give my half of our home to my two children instead of spouse when doing my will? I am doing my will and wanted to know if I can give my half of our home to my two children instead of spouse?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is there a law that says you can't keep more than one dog in the apartment you own? Is there a California state law that says you can't keep more than one dog in the apartment you own?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can a boss fire an employee for something that she wrote on facebook? Can a boss fire an employee for something that she wrote on facebook?  I was working at a restaurant and I got a customer that didn't leave me a tip.  I posted something on my facebook page about this person and then deleted it.  My boss the next day at work fired me.  I feel as if my rights as an American citizen were violated for something that I wrote on Facebook	Employment Questions	Virginia
What is the claim limit for small claims court in NJ? I live in NJ. A general contractor walked away from a contract to do some work on my house. The job was partly completed and not according to our wishes. He gave no reason other than that he didn't have to work with someone he chose not to work with. All our payments were on time according to the contract. We will now have to pay more than the agreed remaining amount to re-mediate and complete his work. What is the appropriate legal response? What is the claim limit for small claims court in NJ?	Consumer Questions	New Jersey
How much pay do I get for a call out to come after hours to work and load a truck? I work for a  non-union company 8-4 and was called at 5 pm to come back to work and load a truck. How much pay do I get for this call out?	Employment Questions	California
Can I terminate a contract with a man I hired to do lawn/landscaping work if he is not doing the work we contracted for? Can I terminate a contract with a man I hired to do lawn/landscaping work if he is not doing the work we contracted for?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is there anything I can do if I was backhanded across my face by a co-worker & we were both fired?   I was backhanded across my face by a co-worker.  We were both fired.  Is there anything I can do	Criminal Questions	Florida
What kind of attorney would I talk to sue for emotional trauma? What kind of attorney would I talk to sue for emotional trauma?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If a parent has not been in touch with her child does, he have the choice to remain with his grandparent?  If a parent has not been in touch with her child does the child have the choice to remain with his grandparent? What are his rights?	Family Questions	California
If I'm renting a house with my ex, can he kick me out if I'm on the lease too? If I'm renting a house with my ex, can he kick me out if I'm on the lease too?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Missouri
Who owns photos when taken by an employee with the company camera on a regular basis, but who's job description does not include photo taking?  Who owns photos when taken by an employee with the company camera on a regular basis, but who's job description does not include photo taking?  The company hires a professional photographer to cover company events.  The employee also takes photos of events with the company camera, but the employee's job description does not include taking photos. Are the images taken by the employee  the company's property because they were taken by an employee with a company camera of a company event or do the rights to the images belong to the employee who took the images because he/she was not compensated for them?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can I ask first and  last month rent with security deposit? Can I ask first and  last month rent with security deposit (amount of one month rent) ?I've heard I only can ask first month rent with 2 month rent as a security deposit.please, advise.regards	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
if I never signed an aamco agreement, can I remove the sign and keep operating the business? if I never signed an aamco franchise agreement, but have been running the shop for another owner, can I remove the sign and keep operating the business?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Can judge prosecute without DA?  Can a judge prosecute a traffic violation case without the DA present?	Criminal Questions	California
Legal if a private company wants to install microphones in the office to monitor employees? I work for a private company.  They want to install microphones in the office so they can monitor what employees are saying.  Is this legal?	Employment Questions	New York
If a person is writing posts about me on a site, is this considered defamation of character? If a person is writing posts and recording videos about me on a social networking/blogging site, labeling me with such terms as "a goddamn racist. a hateful, soulless, willfully ignorant white supremacist waste of time and space," is this considered defamation of character? Provokation for the hateful posts was from a picture I posted of my friend's tattoo depicting a Native American woman wearing a headdress, which I was not aware was offensive to anyone.	Personal Injury Questions	Texas
If we rent a house can landlord allow her family members to move into a spare room?  If we rent a house can landlord allow her family members to move into a spare room?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
If a web-designer/marketing personel volunteered to work in a start-up LLC as a project for her. Does she own 100% of the rights to the work or does the LLC? She is making the claim that she wants ownership in the company for her work.	Copyright Questions,Corporate Questions,Employment Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Maryland
Crime if I got a traffic ticket for skateboarding in front of my house in the bike lane? I got a traffic ticket for skateboarding in front of my house in the bike lane. is this even a crime?	Criminal Questions	California
Legal for a lumber company you owe money to contact your customer to send your payment to them?  Is it legal for a lumber company you owe money to contact your customer and tell them this and ask them to send your labor payment to them instead of giving it to me?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Minnesota
Does Ruby Tuesday have the right to transfer me to another location by giving me no choice? I am a manager for Ruby Tuesday. Does Ruby Tuesday have the right to transfer me to another location by giving me no choice?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I get permanent residency in US or Canada through investment or business visa? I need permanent residency in U.S.A. or Canada. I want to know if I can get on investment visa or business visa? I have a web design firm with all U.S. clients.	Immigration Questions	California
DO NOT PUBLISH YET- BW-Can I employ someone whose green card has expired but is in the process of getting it renewed? Can I employ someone whose green card has expired but is in the process of getting it renewed?	Employment Questions	District of Columbia
What is joint custody? What is joint custody?	Family Questions	Oregon
What can I do if I'm filing for custody of my son but his mom won't let me see him? I'm filing for custody of my son but his mom won't let me see him. What can I do?	Family Questions	California
For the purposes of a will, until what age is a person considered a minor in Massachusetts? For the purposes of a will, until what age is a person considered a minor in Massachusetts?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Can a landlord rent out a unit to new tenants before the eviction process is over?  Can a landlord rent out a unit to new tenants before the eviction process is over? The former tenant has not lived there for over 90 days and the landlord is finally starting the eviction process. The former tenant's belongings are all still in the unit, however.	Real Estate Questions	California
If I received a tax lien in the amount of $79,000 can i file for bankruptcy? If I received a tax lien in the amount of $79,000 can i file for bankruptcy?	Tax Questions	New York
Can a daughter take $500 of her recent deceased mother's bank account & not get in trouble? Can a daughter take $500 of her recent deceased mothers bank account to pay for flowers and not get in trouble?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Does a landlord have to notify his tenants in writing that he has put the property up for sale? Does a landlord have to notify his tenants in writing that he has put the property up for sale before sending a realtor with perspective buyers to look at the property?	Real Estate Questions	California
If the child is a breast fed newborn, can the father take her or does he just get visitation rights? If the child is a breast fed newborn, can the father take her or does he just get visitation rights?	Family Questions	California
Does my mother-in-law have the right to take my house if my husband died and I also co-signed? My mother-in-law co-signed with my husband when we bought our first home. In 2001 we purchased a new home and rented out our other house. In October 2010 my husband was killed in an accident. Does my mother-in-law have the right to take my house? The renter decided after my husbands death that he didn't want to pay rent anymore. I just want him out so I can sell the house and get on with my life, my mother-in-law thinks she can tell me what I can and cant do with the money. She claims if I don't  put all the money down on my currant home I will be taxed 13%. If you can help me I would appreciate it. Thanks. I also live in Philadelphia.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my husband get the house if I purchased it before marriage? I purchased my home before I got married. Can my husband get the house or will I have to sell the house?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the trust administration for real estate, tax basis upon death of parents? What is the trust administration for real estate, tax basis upon death of parents?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question about setting up a custody/visitation agreement? I have a ten-month old whose father I am not in a relationship with. He lives in PA, but my daughter and I live in FL. She was born here, in FL, as well. I know that, since he and I are not and have never been married, I already have legal custody of her, but he is just now wanting to be a part of her life.  I don't want to share custody, and I do want him to see her and be a part of her life, but I honestly don't trust him alone with her because I personally hardly know him. I want to come up with a custody/visitation agreement. Would I have to do this custody agreement through a lawyer in order for it to be valid, or is it something I can do on my own as long as we both sign it?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What's the difference between restricted stock and stock options? What's the difference between restricted stock and stock options?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can my parents legally take money out of my savings account because I totaled a family car? I'm 18 in Illinois. Can my parents legally take money out of my savings account because I totaled a family car? Another thing is, I'm saving the 60,000 dollars through an athletic scholarship.	Family Questions,Finance Questions	Illinois
Law regarding the right to fly an American flag on a condominium?  What is the law regarding the right to fly an American flag on a condominium?  Can this right be denied by the home owners' association?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What are the legal implications of such a transaction if they give my husband and me a life lease on it? A neighbor has offered to purchase our home, and give my husband and me a life lease on it.  What are the legal implications of such a transaction?  My husband is almost 80 and I am going to be 74 in December.  Is this a reasonable idea?Bonnie	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
In an unlawful detainer, can a landlord refuse payment in full and continue with the eviction? In an unlawful detainer, can a landlord refuse payment in full and continue with the eviction? The only breach of contract was non-payment of rent.	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I take my roommate to court to finish paying out my lease? I had a roommate for two years. He said he was leaving 3 months prior to the leased expiring Even though he's not on my lease, but has been residing there for two year. Can I take him to court to finish paying out my lease?	Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
Are the tenants liable for the time it takes to get another tenant and do we have 30 days to return their deposit? In Mi, a tenant signed the lease, paid the deposit, put the utilities in their name and on the day they were to move in decided not to take the apt.  When the heat was turned on, there were some water leaks which were being fixed.  They want their deposit back immediately.  Are they liable for the time it takes to get another tenant and do we have 30 days to return their deposit?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Michigan
Is it possible to terminate one's employment after 30 days trial period? Hi Law Pivot, I am an employer of a ltd company in US. We have a 1 year employment contract with our employees. It stated 30 days trial period, but is it possible to terminate one's employment after 30 days trial period? Please advise me under the employment law. Thank you very much!	Employment Questions	40
As a homeowner, do I have the right to force anyone off my property? Florida- as a homeowner, do I have the right to force anyone off my property? Daughter's ex-boyfriend tried to pull front door open from wide to gain access to his son, my daughter was not home at the time. No custody agreement or order yet, coming this week. Do I have the right to physically force him away from my front door and have him wait outside our fence?	Family Questions	Florida
What is my defense against a debt collector who uses breach of contract? I am being sued by a debt collector on time barred account but he is using that it is a breach of contract . What is my defense?  I have filed several motions such as summary of judgment, dismiss with prejudice, all based on the law SOL on time-barred which is three years but he is using the law using six years for breach of contract.	Consumer Questions	Alabama
Is there a statute of limitations on suing someone? Is there a statute of limitations on suing someone?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If I am homeless and file, will I get a refund? If I am homeless and file, will I get a refund?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is it legal for the owners to lock us out at this point? I am in FL and am part owner of an LLC.  We currently rent from the other owners, both as the LLC and as a seperate entity that they have no interest in.  We have been having problems with agreeing the way the business should be run, so they have started to draft up a buy/sell agreement.  Now they have denied us access to one of the units that has a job we are trying to complete today and they are refusing to open it.  That unit is rented by the shared business, that we still own a portion of.  Is it legal for them to lock us out at this point?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Do I have grounds to press charges for "attempted" anything since my son was no longer there?
 Someone shot a air gun at my neighbor's house yesterday-2 inches from my property line and the same spot my son had been sitting in 30 seconds earlier.  Do I have any grounds to press charges for "attempted" anything since my son was no longer sitting there?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Is a company required to pay an employee more per hour if they work a graveyard shift? Is a company in CO legally required to pay an employe more per hour if they work a graveyard shift?	Employment Questions	Colorado
How can my friend get back to U.S. and will the embassy get his passport if it was robbed? I have a friend that traveled to India then got robbed, took all his papers, passport, and money. How can he get back to U.S. and will the embassy get his passport so he can travel back to the U.S? He has no money to buy a ticket?	Family Questions	Michigan
can I sue a company who not only harassed me, but tried to get me to pay for a debt I did not owe them? I need help to see if I can sue a company who not only harassed me everyday, but tried to get me to pay for a debt I did not owe them? They have ruined my credit. I would to have some help resolving this matter.	Consumer Questions	Missouri
Question about heir's copyright? My first cousin wrote a book in 1967, copyrighted it and had 2,000 copies printed.  He died in December 2002.He left a will, though I'm not sure whether or not the copyright was specifically mentioned in the will.The heirs believe they cannot have it reprinted until after 75 years have passed.I believe that, if the copyright was mentioned in the will, then whomever he left the copyright to may have the book reprinted at any time, if they so desire.And, further, I believe that, if the copyright is not mentioned in the will, the surviving heirs share equally in the ownership of the copyright, and can have the book reprinted at  any time, as long as they all agree to the reprinting.Who is correct?  Or, what is correct?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What to do if I need to make a complaint against the place I live at about the mold problem? I need to make a complaint against the place I live at about the mold problem. I am disabled person and I have serious health problems and I need help please.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Can I sue if I got a spider bite while working and I went to the doctor and it had gotten an infection If I got bite by a spider while working and I went to the doctor and it had gotten an infection. Can I sue?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
How can A state entity freeze a joint account when only one person owes the debt? How can A state entity freeze a joint account when only one person owes the debt? How do I remedy this?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there a way to get my money if I was unaware of no-refund letter? I signed my daughter up for dance and was unaware that i signed a no refund letter. I don't even recall signing it, I was distracted by my two year old. the dance teacher never stated there is a no refund policy otherwise being my daughters first class of anything I wouldn't have signed her up for 10 months. Is there a way to get my money?	Consumer Questions	New York
Hold up in court if I have been accused of public intoxication but no field sobriety tests were taken? I have been accused of public intoxication, but no blood tests or field sobriety tests were taken. Does this hold up in court? This did occur on a military installation.	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can my fifteen year old nephew choose to live with me? My brother and his family have been living with me for two years. They are talking of moving and my fifteen year old nephew does not want to move with them. Can he legally choose to stay with me or can they make him go?	Family Questions	North Carolina
What is the least required percentage considered for a partner in a business and eligible for Workers' Comp? What is the least required percentage for being considered as a partner in a business and for being eligible for the Workers' Comp Insurance?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
How can I protect myself if my friend is filing bankruptcy and including my debt? I made a personal loan to a friend with a note to repay and the payments.  She made almost 2 years of payments, then stopped.  She is filling bankruptcy and is including my debt. How can I protect myself ahead of all of the others named? Should I sue her before she files for bankruptcy?	Consumer Questions	California
If you sign a legal document for a purchase how long do you have if you change your mine and you don't want to purchase any more? If you sign a legal document for a purchase how long do you have if you change your mine and you don't want to purchase any more?	Consumer Questions	California
In which jurisdiction do I file when suing breeder for breach of contract? I need to sue the breeder I bought my pups from from for beach of contract. Do I have to file in the breeders jurisdiction or can I file in mine?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Ohio
Can I sue a person for recording me without permission? Can I sue a person for recording me without permission and the company i worked for for firing me over a 2.56 sec video when I was on my break?	Employment Questions	Ohio
Do you think after 1 year, I can get my green card back if the judge makes a decision? Hi Sir. I came for 2 years after I married an American woman but I filed  form I-751. I'm still waiting on the decision from court. I'm here in this country for around 4 years. Do you think after 1 year more I can get my green card back if the judge makes the decision for me to come back to my country?	Immigration Questions	New York
Can I sue a truck company that hit me in a state truck? Can I sue a truck company that hit me in a state truck?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
How easy is it to get a business license for my tech start up in California?  How easy is it to get a business license for my tech start up in California?  I currently live in the UAE and have a British Passport.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	03
What can I do if my work refuses to lower my hours because of hardship of the corporation? I been working for a company 1 year and 8 months. And I decided I wanted to lower my hours at the job. However, my supervisor disapproved it and now I have a received a letter from main office stating that I'm not able to change my schedule due hardship of the corporation. What should I do?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What to expect in court for credit card suit? I am fighting a credit card law suit.  They have now sent me a NOTICE TO SET FOR TRIAL date and time.  When I show up to the court for this, what should I expect or be prepared for?	Consumer Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Colorado
Question regarding a summons to court by my landlord? If I was served a summons to court by my landlord, but on the court date we worked out an agreement and I paid him something every week can he still put me out at anytime of his choosing?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can I file against my son's doctor for giving him his immunizations before recommended shot schedule? Can i file a negligence case against my son's doctor for giving him his immunizations before recommended shot schedule? He now has autism and i know that is what caused it. Lisa	Personal Injury Questions	Oregon
Questions regarding employment termination protocol? 1) Aren't you supposed to receive a copy of termination documentation from your employer?  2) Can't you request, and receive copies of ALL papers from your HR file from your employer? 3) Aren't employers supposed to provide you with information of any / all benefits to which you are still entitled? 4) Can't you legally have another individual with you if you think you are being terminated by employer? 5) What responsibility does the employer have to terminated employee if that employee had been subjected to harassment / bullying in the work place and said conditions lead to the "harassed" employee being terminated because they never had an opportunity to speak up to employer regarding the harassing / bullying co-workers?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
is my painting atomatically copyrighted when I date and sign it?	Copyright Questions	New York
What are the steps I have to take for my wife to get deported if my wife is cheating? Hi, my wife is cheating on me and I want to deport her back to Laos. We've been married for 6 years now and ever since she got to the US she turned into a total different person. What are the steps I have to take for her to get deported?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Does your job have to be union to go by seniority? Does your job have to be union to go by seniority?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
How is it possible to have your car repossessed even if a month has not been up yet? Hi, how are you? I was wondering if it is possible to have your car repossessed even if a month has not been up yet?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
Can a business be named as a party to a MOA? Can a business be named as a party to a MOA?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
What are the laws for restraining orders and funerals?  What law protect a man with a restraining order in force to enable him to attend his grandfather's funeral without interference from his estranged wife, who is not related to the deceased, but who may also want to attend the funeral?	Family Questions	Washington
Do I still have a court date or will it be cancelled if I forgot to return my motion to change? I forgot to return my motion to change custody paper in to the court, saying when the defendant was served. Do I still have a court date or will it be cancelled?	Family Questions	Michigan
Question regarding my daughter waitressing at a little cafe and working about 60 hours a week? My young daughter is waitressing at a little cafe and working about 60 hours a week. She was told when she was hired that she would be paid $2.13 per hour plus tips and that she would average at least minimum wage when every thing was averaged out. One week she came home and told me that she brought home $18.00 on her paycheck for a sixty hour week! We do not know what to do. This was not her tips-this was supposed to be her hourly pay. Where do we go from here?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Should I take legal action for a serious injury that happened a few years ago? In 2005 I worked for UPS. I was a supervisor at the time. An employee accidentally ran over my foot during a pre-shift meeting with a small forklift. I was out of work for 7-8months. I was harassed at the time I was out for. When I would be back and once I came back it got worse that I got another job with Pepsi, where I currently work. The accident broke my ankle in two places I needed surgery and screws. Its been almost 7yrs and I had some minor pain from time to time. Now it is constant. I never took legal action. I am married with two young children I am worried that this will effect my current job as a production supervisor with Pepsi. I don't want to have to take an early retirement for this injury and I am worried for my future. Help?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Can you buy a property if it is a short sale and you are related to the previous owner? Can you buy a property if it is a short sale and you are related to the previous owner?	Real Estate Questions	California
Who can be suited to the organization as volunteer board members? I am president of a national 501 (c) 4, our organization is being suited. The plaintiff is styling his petition against me the president and the executive board. We are a completely volunteer organization.  We are under our constitution and do not have the authority to provide the plaintiff the relief he is seeking. Who can be suited the organization  or us as volunteer board members?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
If I'm under age and have to go to the ER will they take me? If I'm under age and have to go to the ER will they take me?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Does employer have the right to demand a letter of resignation if you are leaving your job or is a verbal ok? Does your employer have the right to demand that you provide them with a letter of resignation if you are leaving your job or is a verbal ok?	Employment Questions	California
What is the basic for a legal contract?  What is the basic for a legal contract? I know it's the meeting of the minds. What are the others?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Under Pennsylvania law, can an unlicensed landlord enter into an agreement (the Promissory Note) for back rent?   QUESTION #1:  Under Pennsylvania law, can an unlicensed landlord enter into an agreement (the Promissory Note template) for back rent?  QUESTION #2:  The landlord coerced me into entering into the Promissory Note after having me to register my name for the utility bills (gas and electric).   The Promissory was entered into as a guarantee that I would maintain the utility bills for a two-year period, afterwhich the Promissory Note would become null and void.  Of course, he is now trying to collect on the Promissory Note.  Can this be done under Pennsylvania law?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Is there any chance for me to get a work authorization when I changed my status from J1 to F1? Good Afternoon, SirsI have a question about work authorization form. I recently changed my status from j1 to f1. I have my SSN for 6 years now. I am planning to go to school for a long time like a couple years. Is there any chance for me to get a work authorization and if yes how can I do that?Thank you	Immigration Questions	California
Can the debt collectors put Liens on the property to cover my late brother's debt? My brother passed away this week,and did not have a Will. His name is on a house with 2 other brother and a piece of property with 1 of the 2 brothers. He has collection agency debt, credit card debt, loan debt and medical debt. He has a bank acct with under $1000 in it. Can any of the debt collectors put Liens on the house and property to cover this debt. He lives in the state of Michigan	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
In a 2 year burglar alarm monitoring contract, do I have any alternatives other than paying the remaining cost of the contract if I want to get out of it?   I terminated a burglar alarm monitoring service only to be reminded that it was a renewable 2 year contract.  I have 15 months left.  The orginal contract was signed in 10/1998.  I feel that after 14 years of business, such a contract clause should be no longer valid.  I live in Florida.  The bill has been turned over to debt collection.  Do I have any alternatives other than paying the remaining cost ($318) of the contract?	Consumer Questions	Florida
How can I keep my green card? I'm a green card holder for 10 years volunteering abroad for long period time. What should be done to keep the green card?	Immigration Questions	New York
Dissolve Partnership I'm starting a new company & I'm trying to dissolve with my current business partner. This is a franchise and they have agreed to release fully even with the non-compete. But, there are some issues with biz partner releasing me. How can I move forward where I am protect as well as the new company?	Partnership Questions	New Jersey
If an individual does not provide information requested in discovery and after a deposition, is there any request I can make to the court to get this information? If an individual does not provide information requested in discovery and after a deposition, is there any request I can make to the court to get this information?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How long does my lawyer have to pay me since he as received and cashed the check? I settled my auto accident case with my lawyer in Maryland on Feb. 29th. 2012. My lawyer received a check for 3200.00 dollars of which 2201.00 is due to me. How long does my lawyer have to pay me since he has received and cashed the check?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
If husband dies without having wife co-sign on mortgage, how does she prove that owns the home?  If the husband dies without having the wife co-sign on the mortgage at the time they bought their home, how does she prove that she owns the home? (If she co-signed on all the papers except the ones proving ownership?)	Real Estate Questions	Utah
How to protect self financially after husband leaves? I am unemployed and my husband left. I can't afford a lawyer and my family says I should do something to protect myself financially so I am not responsible for paying for anything he does going forward. They suggested looking into legal separation. What advice can you give me about this?	Family Questions	Illinois
what will happen in Florida on driving suspended 3 times? what will happen in Florida on driving suspended 3 times?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Do you need more than one signature to get a title loan in SC if the car is in more than one name?
 Do you need more than one signature to get a title loan in South Carolina if the car is in more than one name?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	South Carolina
Regarding POA, who do you put as determination of saying that I am incapacitated to handle my affairs?  Regarding duration of power of attorney, who do you put as determination of saying that I am incapacitated or unable to handle my own affairs?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How do I go about filling out the form to file for a trademark? How do I go about filling out the form to file for a trademark?	Consumer Questions	California
Is the employer required to pay for on the job training? Is the employer required to pay for on the job training?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What is my legal obligation to uphold the contract to pay them if the company has dissolved? I have a notarized contract with a corporation that states that I owe them money. The corporation had since dissolved, and is no longer in business.  What is my legal obligation to uphold this contract to pay them?  Also, when the original agreement was signed, a lien was placed on my house for the amount owed.  If the corporation placed the lien, is the lien now voided?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Employment Questions	New York
Question about new members in a LLC? When adding a new member to a LLC, if he is injecting new capital into the business, should this be treated differently than simply adding his name into the operating agreement for "x" percentage and adding him to the state filing? I.E. since it is working capital, will there be tax implications or other things to take into account?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Mississippi
How can I get the money I am owed? My recent employer deducted credit card tips from my total gross pay and I never saw any of the tips from the credit cards on my check or in cash. How can I get the money I am owed?	Employment Questions	Florida
My sister abandoned her daughter and left her sleeping in a car. She is willing to sign her over to my husband and I but we don't want her coming back later and taking her away. She has done this before and we don't want to see her destroy this child's future. What can I do?	Family Questions	Alabama
How can I get my invested money back from a doctor online? I invested $3500. with a doctor to buy equipment to sell over the internet.  Now he is telling me that I should invest another $500 for health care products which would help get back the $3500 that I gave him. I have been trying to get my money back from him over a year now. When I call him sometimes he pretends to be someone else to avoid me.	Criminal Questions	California
Can my work legally cut my hourly wage back? I have been a employe of this company for 4 years making $22.80 an hour. Can they legally cut my hourly wage back to 19.50? I have never been wrote are even miss one day. So can they cut my wages?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
What can I do to cover myself as I will market my business? I'm a wedding professional. I want to get involved and market my business on Pinterest but I'm scared I'll get sued for copyright issues even if I give full credit! What can I do to cover myself?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Georgia
What are my chances of getting my money back if I've been paying for the car for over a year? I took over payments for someone who couldn't afford their car. In December, right after I made a payment she came in the middle of the night and took the car back. What are my chances of getting my money back if I've been paying for the car for over a year?	Consumer Questions	California
Is it legal to use vehicle names when writing book? I am writing a book, and in my book I want to use the name of certain vehicles. I.e. dodge 3500 or Chevy Bel Air. Is this unlawful or not?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Is it legal to run a business in NY under the name of a corporation that has been dissolved? Is it legal to run a business in NY under the name of a corporation that has been dissolved?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
If I must go to a nursing home can the nursing home still attach a lien against the property for my living expenses after medicare and insurance has been exhausted? I have transferred my property to my children.  If I must go to a nursing home can the nursing home still attach a lien against the property for my living expenses after medicare and insurance has been exhausted?  If so, than how long must the property be in their names before the state (PA) can no longer attach a lien against my property for any fees?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
When selling under land contract, any chance of buyer trying to get adverse possession? When selling under land contract or contract of sale, is there any chance of buyer trying to get adverse possession since they'd be paying the property tax? Also would the property be reassessed immediately upon sale, or when last payment is made?	Real Estate Questions	California
When getting a separation from spouse is the bread winner required to continue paying for everything during separation? When getting a separation from spouse is the bread winner required to continue paying for everything during separation?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Can I legally put a sign on my front lawn that my neighbor is a thief? Can I legally put a sign on my front lawn that my neighbor is a thief?	Criminal Questions	Florida
How do I get repayment of money I loaned someone? How do I get repayment of money I loaned someone?	Consumer Questions	California
If I have no lawn can I water my outside plants anytime? I live in a mobile home park. If I have no lawn can I water my outside plants anytime?	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I have to have a license to have a business? Do I have to have a license to have a business?	Leasing Questions	Virginia
How to live with father full-time when mother has primary custody? My parents have been divorced for years. My mother has primary custody but I want to live with my father full time.  I'm 17. Is there anything I can do to make this happen with out involving the law?	Family Questions	Texas
Can my neighbor errect a fence that would keep me from using my property as I am accustomed to using it?	Real Estate Questions	Mississippi
Do I need a representative if I have a court date and my ex does? I have a court date on July 17. I don't have a representative but he does. Do you think I need a representative for the divorce process alimony and his attorney fees?	Family Questions	Florida
Is this child neglect and abuse? My grandchildren, are currently ages 15, 13,12 with parents that have been evicted and are now living on the street. They will not tell me where they are, is this child neglect and abuse? Can I report this to someone to get them off the street and into my home?	Family Questions	California
What recourse do I have if I was working in a hostile environment and let go? I was physically threatened at work by a supervisor and when I talked to his supervisor. He wouldn't do anything about it but tell me to suck it up and deal with it, and that unless he hit me they couldn't do anything. And either work in the hostile environment or they would have to let me go. They let me go. What recourse do I have?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What do I do for unpaid vacation due to me?  I just quit my dental assisting job of 4 years. My ex employer is refusing to pay me my vacation pay that I've already accumulated for the year. It states in the office handbook that we get our vacation pay if we leave our job. I told her it states in your office handbook and in the labor laws that employees get their vacation pay when they leave their jobs. She still doesn't want to pay me. What do I do now?	Employment Questions	California
How do I form an LLC in CA? How do I form an LLC in CA?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
How much jail time for misdemeanor?  What class is misdemeanor battery and how much jail time does it carry?	Criminal Questions	California
Can boyfriend and I get in trouble if I am underage? I am 17, my boyfriend is 21. I will be 18 in less than three months. My parents are fine and it along with his. Is there anyway we can get in trouble?	Criminal Questions	Tennessee
What to do if involved with husband who bought a house with forged signature and involving divorce? My husband and I had a prenuptial. My husband bought an "AS-IS" house, forged my signature on the loan paperwork. After we moved in he became violent and I had to place a restraining order against him. Been in court for nearly two years. Several months ago, the judge said the home was to be sold, standard sale. The house is underwater and it is expected that both he and I pay the shortage. Aprox. $40k each. We both can afford to do that to end this, but my husband has never paid anything on this house, and refuses to provide discovery, despite court rulings. NOW a second judge in the past week has said that it is unfair and will not honor that decision. The property was purchased with a VA loan guarantee. Short sale will not be accepted.	Real Estate Questions	California
When someone is gathering, writing, and using other authors' works in their book and if they cite those sources, would that still be illegal? None	Copyright Questions	California
Go to jail for shoplifting? Will you go to jail for shoplifting?	Criminal Questions	Florida
What to do when I lost everything after my divorce? Since my divorce, I have lost everything. I have even lived homeless at times. I am a veteran (USMC) from 1974-1977 and I get a small disability pension, $1,027.00 monthly.  My child support is $250.00 monthly and my kids are 22 & 25. I haven't had a car or license for 10 or so years.  Thank You, Rich.	Family Questions	Florida
Legal for my company to stop paying overtime pay and requires us to take comp time instead? I work a full time job, 40hrs per week(8hrs per day). I work a weekend due to "on call" duty and it is considered overtime but my company has now stopped paying overtime pay and requires us to take comp time instead. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Bank going after new spouse and business. If you own a business that has equity & you marry someone who is not a part of your business, can the bank go after the new spouse and business? For example, lets say your new spouse is letting 2 commercial properties that he personally guaranteed  go into foreclosure and the bank sues him for the loans.	Banking Law Questions,Legal Questions	California
What should our next step be if my husband won a judgement and we haven't seen the money yet? My husband won a judgement from an old employer quite some time ago and we have yet to see any money.  We did not use a lawyer, just presented the case ourselves and the judge ruled in our favor.  The company is in financial difficulty, but they still own several large parcels of property.  It was not a large award (just severance pay that was promised).  What should our next step be?  Or has too much time passed?	Employment Questions	New York
How much should I have to pay for one child in Georgia in child support? How much should I have to pay for one child in Georgia in child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Is it legal to with hold money owed to you from the seller of a house? Is it legal to with hold money owed to you from the seller of a house?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is there anything I can do if I was fired for calling off because my daughter was sick? I was recently fired from my job for calling off because my daughter was sick.  I am a single mother with no family to watch them.  Is there anything I can do?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If I was a stay-at-home mom who gave up her nursing career, is my husband justified saying I didn't contribute to the marriage? I've been asked  to say what my contributions were during the marriage.  I was a stay at home mom, that willing gave up my nursing career.  My soon to be ex spouse and I were both in agreement with this.  He is now saying I didn't contribute to the marriage.  Advice	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
RE: Correspondence notes that were distributed in the 40's or 50's.  Paintings have been made of each picture depicted on the 18 note cards.  Will there be a problem if a decision is made to sell these paintings?  And, how does someone know if an article is copyrighted? None	Copyright Questions	Pennsylvania
Am I legally obligated to pay back child support if I was granted sole custody and then terminated rights? I was granted Sole Custody of my daughter, and than willingly terminated my parental rights. Am I legally obligated to pay back child support?	Family Questions	Connecticut
With the fair use act, how much video can be used of copyright material? With the fair use act, how much video can be used of copyright material?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Wisconsin
Is it illegal to keep a tv on a leased to own when the company is trying to retrieve the tv?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
if landlord is selling the property, can the landlord give the real estate agent a set of keys to the property? In California, if you rent a place and the landlord is selling the property, can the landlord give the real estate agent a set of keys to the property you are renting from the landlord even if you don't want them to? Also if the real estate agent is having a open house does he have the right to tell you that you can't be there during the open house?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I serve as the legal guardian for my friend's son? The son of a close friend of mine (who lives in India) is coming to Illinois for his u/g education. Since I have been living in Illinois for a better part of last 20 years, can I serve as the legal guardian for my friend's son (date of birth March 1994) who intends to start his u/g studies in IL in August 2012?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What are my options if my court appointed lawyer offers no help? I was arrested in San Antonio for possession of a controlled substance.  I now live in VA. I cannot afford to travel back and forth to make my court date.  I am also on bond with a bond agency. My court appointed lawyer offers no help.  What are my options?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Should I sue if I just got a letter advising about foreclosure on my mortgage which is false? I just got a letter advising about foreclosure on my mortgage. I am supposed to be 2 months behind (which was reported to the credit bureaus), but it is not true. I call the bank and they said is a computer generated letter and it was a mistake. This is not the first time they scare me like this because of a "mistake" which they make. Shall I sue them?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can someone be laid off because of their health? My sister Patty was laid off from McDonald's restaurant on 3-23-12.  They said because of her health she cannot work the hours they need her to work and they felt it was best for her if they laid her off and so she can collect unemployment.  They said they don't do that for everyone.  So can someone be laid off because of their health?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Am I legally responsible to pay for childcare regardless of my circumstances? Under FAM 024(b) section 304 Orders for child care costs - do I have to pay half even if I am not needing child care? My ex husband needs child care for his weeks when he has our son however I do not need childcare for the weeks when I have our son (we have 50/50), I continued paying it for the remainder of this school year however I no longer wish to pay for something I do not use. Am I legally responsible to pay for childcare regardless of my circumstances?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it as easy as establishing different corporations and assigning 100% of the shares to the parent corporation? We are a mobile games developer and publisher.  We are seeking to release multiple titles in the iOS app store under different publisher names (studios) for branding purposes - unfortunately, Apple requires a real legal entity for each publisher title (no DBAs).  The way we imagined solving this requirement would be to establish wholly owned subsidiaries (3 of them) for each "studio".  Are there non-trivial tax/legal considerations for such a move?  Is it as easy as establishing different corporations and assigning 100% of the shares to the parent corporation?  The parent entity is a Delaware C corp.	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	California
Can an employer force you to work on your schedule day off? Can an employer force you to work on your schedule day off?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What state has authority over rights of surviving spouse in the case of death? NY resident, marries FL resident - wedding in CT ... What state has authority over rights of surviving spouse in the case of death?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Does a police officer have to read your Miranda rights upon arrest? Does a police officer have to read your Miranda rights upon arrest?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Is it legal for landlords to ask personal financial information such as how much I have in checking? Is it legal for landlords to ask personal financial information such as how much I have in checking, savings, 401K, etc.? They have my income and get my debt/credit ratio and payment history from my credit report. Why do they need this personal information?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question about employment in a detention center? I was a nurse in a detention center. I recommended a detainee go to the emergency room because he did not look right and I had a bad gut feeling, but nothing I could call an emergency. The senior detention officer declined. Detainee worsened. Officer denied in his report that I recommended ER.  I lost my job, am in bankruptcy proceedings, and foreclosure pending, and have not found another job.  I later found out officers cannot deny a nurse's decision to send a detainee to the ER.  My nurses notes clearly document my recommendation.  Do I have any kind of suit I can bring on the detention officer who made the denial and on the next level officer for not speaking up?	Employment Questions	Virginia
I'm looking for a lawyer & want to find out their record, type of cases, how many they've won, etc.? I'm looking for a lawyer in Memphis, TN and want to find out their record, type of cases, how many they've won, etc.?	Criminal Questions	Tennessee
How long does one party have to pursue the other party once a contract is broken? How long does one party have to pursue the other party once a contract is broken?  2 years, 3 years, or more?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Do creditor in Ca have to give notice before repossessing your car? Do creditor in Ca have to give notice before repossessing your car?	Consumer Questions	California
Law that prohibits two co-workers to speak to each other on break? Is there a law that prohibits two co-workers to speak to each other on break?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Recourse if I rendered a service after the boat was delivered? What legal recourse do I have if I rendered a service and the customer stopped payment on the check after the boat was delivered?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
attorney referrals If u refer a person who's had an auto accident to a lawyer, Is it considered illegal?	Personal Injury Questions	Texas
Is it legal to use youtube videos in corporate training venues? None	Copyright Questions	Colorado
Question regarding my job as a licensed practical nurse? I am an Licensed Practical Nurse here in Al. I would like to know can I cut toenails for individuals such as shut ins and residents in an assisted living and bill there insurance or Medicare for nursing services?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Alabama
Is my landlord required to have my security deposit in an interest bearing account? I live in PA. Is my landlord required to have my security deposit in an interest bearing account?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal if my employer is making me work with no days off and 70 to 80 hours a week? I am a salaried retail manager for a store in Flemington, NJ.  My employer is making me work with no days off and 70 to 80 hours a week.  Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
My ex-wife and I had a verbal agreement that she would pay back money she owed me on a monthly basis. She has not done so and I have sent her monthly reminders. She is now threatening to file harassment charges against her if I contact her. Is that legal?	Contract Questions,Criminal Questions,Family Questions	Arizona
Legal recourse if my employer refuses to offer a tax break to help compensate for commute? My Employer has refused to comply with San Francisco's law/ordinance that requires them to offer a tax break to help compensate for commute. It has been two years and $3,000.00 in commute later. Do I have any legal recourse?	Employment Questions	California
Should I register company or could I run as individual for dating website? Should I register company or could I run as individual for dating website?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Illinois
How does it affect a child custody case for one of the parents to be in a relationship? How does it affect a child custody case for one of the parents to be in a relationship?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
I was terminated for something I didn't do & I have not seen the proof. In the state of Virginia, can you sue for getting fired for something you did not do?  I asked to see the video where I supposedly was seen giving away free food but it has not been presented to me. I asked.	Employment Questions	Virginia
Asked to get a deposition from the defendant when it was settled in 2003? My case was settled in August 2003.  Why am I being ask to get a deposition from the defendant?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Am I able to give both my lawyers 33% each when they both participate in my case? I have a personal injury lawsuit, that I am going to be filing shortly. I have two lawyers who are excellent and that I am very close with. I want them both to participate in the lawsuit, and they would like to as well. Am I able to give them 33% each, if I consent to this? They have both helped me tremendously through the false allegations,malicious prosecution, self help eviction, negligence, harassment, etc that my ex-landlords have put me through, and i want them to be able to have 33% each. Is this possible in NY and if not, is there anyway i can arrange them by consenting or giving permission, etc?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Is child support subject to probate when payee dies & the father who pays the support is awarded custody? Is child support subject to probate when a payee dies and the father who has been paying the child support is awarded custody?	Family Questions	California
Would the legal jurisdiction be in CA where the father lives if daughter resides in MI with stepfather? Father lives in California, mother just died in Michigan. Daughter is 17 1/2 lives in Michigan and the Stepfather is suing for guardianship in Michigan. Would the legal jurisdiction be in California where the father lives?	Family Questions	California
In CA, if you give your child up to the state, what happens to the child? In California, if you give your child up to the state; what happens to the child?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can my husband lose his job if he's having surgery and his boss won't give him the day after surgery off? My husband is having surgery on the 14th of March 2012. His boss requires 10 days prior notice for anyone wanting to take off of work, my husband has given 9 days. His boss said that he can approve all of the days my husband will need  except March 15th, the day after surgery due to no coverage. Can my husband lose his job over this?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is my insurance policy still viable? After paying for a policy for  hospital insurance for an amount per day of hospitalization for over five years, the insured sent a premium statement back with a note stating "please cancel".  A subsequent notice was received from the company for two months.  The insured decided to keep the policy and sent in the statement and payment.  The check was cashed by the company.  When the insured called, the company says the insurance is cancelled even though the check was cashed.  Is the policy still viable?	Family Questions	California
Legal for my landlord to have eavesdropping devices in the hallway of the building I live in? Is it legal for my landlord to have eavesdropping devices in the hallway of the building I live in, in Jersey City, NJ?  There have been too many things happen that cannot be simply coincidences resulting from conversations that took place in the hallway.	Real Estate Questions	New York
What can I do if my ex is still on the mortgage and he is killing my credit score? I have been divorced from my ex-husband for almost 10 years. He kept the house, but my name is still on the mortgage. He has been late and is killing my credit score. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Help with a debt as we don't want to live in a senior community? I have a mortgage with Wells Fargo of $79000 and a home equity loan with bank America of $225,000. I was involved in a real estate scam in 2005 and lost $365,000. I am paying both notes every month and have excellent credit but the equity note will be up in about 2 years and if the interest rate goes up I will not be able to pay anymore. I am going to be 75 years old and do not know what I can do. I tried to take to Bank of America but that is a waste of time. My wife does not want to move we live in a senior community. Can you help me?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I have to vacate on the 9th or do I have time extra to vacate if the house is on foreclosure on Aug. 9? I am a tenant in  a house that  I have lived in for over 3 years and last week I was notified that the house will be sold for foreclosure on Aug 9, 2012. Do I have to vacate on the 9th or do I have any time extra to vacate?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it possible for someone who does not have a dental license to own and operate a dental clinic in Michigan? I want to open a dental office and be the owner and managing partner.  The dentist in the office would be associates.  Problem is I do not have a dental license.  Is it possible for someone who does not have a dental license to own and operate a dental clinic in Michigan?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Michigan
Terminated if I used all my leave time on back surgeries when I hurt myself on my job?? I hurt myself on my job i have had two back surgeries in four months, my employer terminated me because I used all of my leave time and my doctor has not given them a date for me to return to work. I am currently under doctors care. Can i be terminated legally under these circumstances?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Do I have a right to keep my daughter if she wants to stay when my ex is threatening me? my daughter is visiting me for the summer and now would like to stay with me and finish her last year of high school where I reside. Her mother does not want her to and has threaten to call the police for kidnapping. We both have joint custody and my daughter will be 17 years old on 8/24/12. Do I have a right to keep my daughter if she wants to stay	Family Questions	California
Is there anything I can do since I just found out that my deceased husband had an insurance policy with the VFW? I just found out that my deceased husband had an insurance policy with the VFW.  The beneficiary is his first wife.  Is there anything that I can do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I give equity to a founder after the company is incorporated? How do I give equity to a founder after the company is incorporated?I have a Delaware LLC that is in my name.  Do I need an addendum to my operating agreement?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	District of Columbia
Can an employer not pay you on a designated payday without prior notice Can an employer not pay you on a designated payday without prior notice due to the lack of money to pay their employee?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
if someone is defaulting on an annual lease, what options do I have to get the remaining annual amount due? if someone is defaulting on an annual lease, what options do I have to get the remaining annual amount due?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Are the Will, probate, and beneficiary distributions correct? I am a beneficiary of my mother's will. Everything is to be split equally. Is a 408K Retirement annuity considered part of her estate?  My brother is also a beneficiary, and executor.  Was it legal for him for roll over my mother's retirement annuity into his and his wife's savings?  He said when you are married, it is a law.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
If I was to put my money in a trust fund account will i be able to withdraw money anytime i like? If I was to put my money in a trust fund account will i be able to withdraw money anytime I like and how much would i b able to withdraw every week or month?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Are online Power of Attorney documents binding in US courts? Are online Power of Attorney documents binding in US courts?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can I convert my business from a sole proprietorship to a LLC to protect my personal assets if I'm already in debt? Can I convert my business from a sole proprietorship to a LLC to protect my personal assets if I'm already in debt?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	North Carolina
How do I relinquish the rights of my son's biological rights? I want the biological father of my 4 year old son to reliquish his rights as a parent.  How do I do this?	Family Questions	Florida
Issues with roommate's soon to be ex wife. Hello,I live in a two bedroom apartment (listed on my name only) with a roommate and his wife in Tarzana, CA. She had become living hell and the marriage is over. He will file for cancellation of marriage next week. Can I legally evict her? Should I give her notice? Will he be considered evicted too because they're married?	Family Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
What is the proper wording to ask: Are you able to legally work in the United States? In Massachusetts what is the proper wording to ask: Are you a citizen of the United States? Or are you able to legally work in the United States?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Legally, how do I kick a friend out if I let him move in temporarily?   I allowed a friend to move in with me temporarily a few months back. He has paid me a small amount to stay with me, but it is now time for him to go. Legally, how do I kick him out? I live in Missouri.	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Can I state that the staff member requirements for full time as it was not stated in the contract and keep my housing? I signed a contract for on-campus apartments. In the contract it says to be eligible I have to (a) be a registered student, or (b) a faculty or staff member, or (c). deemed eligible by the manager of assignments. I am not a student anymore but a part-time employee for the university and just got an email stating I'm not eligible for housing because I am not a student or a Full-Time employee. My question is, can I state that the staff member requirements for full time as it was not stated in the contract and keep my housing?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Is there a statute of limitation in Minnesota as to press assault charge? Is there a statute of limitation in Minnesota as to press assault charge?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Can I get any part of the business if I lived with them for four years? Georgia is not a common law state, however I have lived with someone for four years and helped them develop their business from the ground up.  Can I get any part of the business?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can an employer give health insurance to some employees and not to others? Can an employer give health insurance to some employees and not to others?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
How long does the landlord have to send back the security deposit? How long does the landlord have to send back the security deposit?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I cancel petition for PDOS? My husband already had a visa and is ready to take his PDOS this week. I want to cancel his petition and stop him from coming to the U.S.,  what should I do?	Immigration Questions	Hawaii
Should we deed over houses and vehicles while parent is still alive or just wait to inherit via will? State TN: Due to inherit (parent terminal), 2 homes (90k/130k), 2 cars(17k/5k), <80k cash, all 2 b divided by 2 (myself and sister).  Should we deed over houses and vehicles while parent still alive or just wait to inherit via will.  As Executor will I need to retain a lawyer or can resolve most at Court House and Bank?  Thanks for your help and advice.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Armed Forces Europe
How does joint custody over long distances impact child's schooling? What are the stipulations for a child's schooling when the parents have joint custody and physical shared custody but live 2 and half hours apart?	Family Questions	Virginia
If ex-husband stops child support during brief lay-off, does he still owe that money? My ex-husband was laid off and he stopped pay child support for 12 months. He now has a job and has been paying child support for 2 years. Does he still have to pay for the 12 months of child support he did not pay?	Family Questions	California
Can co-owners of single family homes refinance without the other's consent? Can co-owners of single family homes refinance without the others consent?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if my landlord doesn't want to renew my lease because they want to sell the house? My landlord doesn't want to renew my lease because they want to sell the house. I don't have enough money or time to move out by August 1.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is $130 legal and is renter responsible for owners personal items? My daughter is renting a house with no rental agreement and has been there for a number of years.  She just found out her rent is being upped $130 a month and that the owner wants her to get renter's insurance.  Also, the owner has personal property stored there. Question: is my daughter responsible for the owner's personal things and is $130 a legal raise in rent?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
My husband wants to buy a house and put his 2 children from a previous marriage names on the house, then leaves a will stating that I should stay in the house until I die in case he dies before me. Is this possible since the house will be on his children's name?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
When the wire transfer goes into my account do I have to report it to the IRS at that time? I will be receiving an inheritance from an uncle in the Netherlands.  They will be taking out the tax there.  They are planning to wire the funds directly into my bank account.  When this wire transfer goes into my account do I have to report it to the IRS at that time or to any state agencies?  I have been told that any amount over $10,000 is automatically reported to Federal and State Agencies by the bank because they are looking for drug money.  Is this true??  Also if the taxes are being taken out in the Netherlands why would I have to pay taxes on it again in the United States.  I do not expect this inheritance to be sent into my account for several more months, but would like to know what I need to do when it does get deposited.	Tax Questions	Nevada
If a landlord sells the property, is your lease still in effect with the new owners? If a landlord sells the property, is your lease still in effect with the new owners?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can snowbirds be board members when documents are silent? Can snowbirds be board members when documents are silent?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is my employer in violation of any labor laws if he wrote a check as material? my employer paid me straight time instead of overtime. Then wrote a check as "Material" instead of a payroll check. Is he in violation of any labor laws?	Employment Questions	California
What's the cost for trademark? We wish to trademark few of our product names. We did the initial search and found them not taken. We want to file a trademark for the terms and wish to know the cost associated with filing each term.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Do I need the father's permission to take my daughter out of the country when I have sole physical custody? My name is Adela I have sole physical custody of my child. Do I need the father's permission to take her out of the country?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What legal rights do I have when I have the person's voice recorded who threatened me? Hello, I was recently threatened via phone. What legal rights do I have when I have the person's voice recorded?	Criminal Questions	New York
What to do if a minor is constantly calling me the F word & verbally abusing for being gay a hate crime? What to do if a minor is constantly calling me the F word & verbally abusing for being gay a hate crime?	Criminal Questions	California
Can I change my probation to GPS monitoring on a simple battery? Can I change my probation to GPS monitoring on a simple battery?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Would child born in the US to a Canadian and an American denote dual citizenship? A child born in the US to a Canadian citizen Mother and American citizen father.  Would that denote dual citizenship?	Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
Question regarding a signing promissory note to repay money I took from the company I worked for? I signed a promissory note to repay money I took from the company I worked for.  I forgot about the payments and it was to be paid off 5 years ago.  What should I do?  I don't want to go to jail.	Criminal Questions	California
How do I file a motion to have the court recheck the equations and fix the amount of child support I pay? CA- social services incorrectly documented my income as 130,000 and based my child support on that.  My 2011 tax returns reflect my income as 113,000.  How do I file a motion to have the court recheck the equations and fix the amount of child support I pay?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it advisable to bring up the idea of a quit claim deed when we are divorcing? I want to turn our house over to my husband. We are divorcing. We have brought up the idea of a quit claim deed. Is this advisable?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
How do I handle my ex who can't handle sole custody of our girls? My ex husband has sole custody of our girls.  I am supposed to have supervised visits.  He has called me telling me he can not handle it and needs me to come pick up the girls next week.  How do I do this so I do not get in trouble?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Can an artist sell a painting of my daughter without my permission?  I had a picture painted of my daughter but the artist sold a painting of my daughter to some stranger. Can she do That without my permission?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Illinois
Can I just NOTIFY Roommate that her rights are now Void as per Agreement or file with courts? My Roommate Agreement specifies that Roommate Application becomes PART of the RM Agreement signed. RM Agreement ID's Lying in App as a Breach. My Roommate (Not on lease) lied in App (eg. Claimed salary of 100,000, when she had almost no income (Now, she can't pay), & lied about IMPORTANT requirements - which she's violating now. My RM Agreement contains the following: "If I [Roommate] should breach this agreement, then - At the sole option of Tenant, I may be subject to immediate or future Termination of my rights under this Agreement ..........." 1) Can I just NOTIFY Roommate that her rights are now Void as per Agreement - or must I file with courts for Fraudulent Misrepresentation? 2) Do I need to Subpoena pay stubs/checks? And how?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Do you have to make another copyright if you change a word in the first one?	Copyright Questions	Arkansas
What are my rights in a divorce when property is involved? What are my rights in a divorce when property is involved and have been married for seven months?	Family Questions	Florida
Will the eviction follow me if I am going to move to Indiana in August? I am currently staying in the state of FL. I currently have an eviction under my name. Will the eviction follow me if I am going to move to Indiana in August?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
My husband and I own a small A/C business for 23 years. I am his secretary and I am not on any document stating that I own this business with him. I can sign checks but he is president. We are getting older if something happen to him, would the business go to me or just dissolve?	Corporate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If your ex husband remarried, is he still responsible to pay alimony to is ex-wife? If your ex husband remarried, is he still responsible to pay alimony to is ex-wife?	Family Questions	Georgia
The meaning of direct contact under the law for section 784.046? I would like to understand the meaning of direct contact under the law for section 784.046 in the State of Florida?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can I apply for work permit if my baby is American? Hi, I have a question about the new laws. I'm a single mom with a 19-month-old baby and my baby is American citizen. She was born here in America and was born in CALIFORNIA. Now, I've stayed here for just 2 years and I'm currently non-document to the American government. Can I apply for a work permit?	Immigration Questions	California
If I file bankrupt will that wipe out the back alimony due? Work has been slow. I got behind on my alimony payments. if I file bankrupt will that wipe out the back alimony due?	Family Questions	California
Is it legal for my landlord to raise my rent without proper notice? Is it legal for my landlord to raise my rent without proper notice?	Real Estate Questions	California
Which state is better for IT projects where taxes are lower? Which state is better for IT project? Where are taxes are lower?	Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	California
What are my rights if my fiance abandoned the house and stuck a lawyer on me? I was engaged and bought a house with my fiance. She left and stuck me with the house. She also went an got an attorney and originally agreed to some money back and her name off of the deed and mortgage, now they are trying to change the agreement after I already committed to the refinance. What are my rights? She abandoned the house and stuck a lawyer on me. How is this possible?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If your legal guardian is receiving SS checks for a minor & they spend it on themselves is that legal? If your legal guardian is receiving SS checks for a minor & they spend it on themselves is that legal?	Family Questions	Utah
What legal actions do I have? My dad died & my stepmom will not put his will in probate. I need to know what I can do? In the meantime she just died I want to make sure her kids do not take my dads things what are my legal rights? what can I do to keep her kids from taking my dads things?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What can I do to get my sons out of this crazy situation with their mother? I am a father of three boys, ages, 9, 7, and 6 years old. The mother of my children is unable to give them what they need on a daily basis, and she constantly refuses to allow me to spend time with my sons. I believe her actions are connected to the fact that I ended a very long and abusive relationship, that produced three lovely boys. She has allowed several different men to bed her in the home, while our children are in the home, and my sons have spoken to me about the different men; when confronted, I am told it is none of my business, and my sons pay the price for telling me, from their mother. My question is, what can I do to get my sons out of this crazy situation? I unfortunately left them in.	Family Questions	New York
Question regarding my child being born in Michigan and never going to court for custody agreement? My child was born in the state of Michigan, where her dad lives & he signed the birth certificate. However we never went to court about any custody agreement. My daughter & I moved out of the state of Michigan to be with family & to provide a better life for my daughter. Can her father throw me in jail for moving out of state?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can an owner charge first and last rent plus deposit? Can an owner charge first and last rent plus deposit?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can my lawyer get offered more money from the people I'm trying to sue? Can my lawyer get offered more money from the people I'm trying to sue, so that he/she settles for less of my compensation?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	35
What could happen to us if we gave our dog water in the car and the sheriff calls it animal cruelty? We went into store and had dog in car. Air was on before we got out of car but as we got out of car we turned car off opened windows and gave dog a drink. We went in store came out to a sheriff by our car. I even gave dog more water at that point. Sheriff said animal cruelty. He said it was 101 degrees out so I showed him my phone that showed it was 88 degrees. I didn't have a bowl of water out for dog but I did have bottled water in car .I gave dog water before we walked in an after plus all windows down. What could happen to us? He said it was 959.13	Criminal Questions	Ohio
Did they pass a law that young criminals can't get life without parole? Did they pass a law that young criminals can't get life without parole?	Criminal Questions	California
What to do if I still pay support when my 18-year-old daughter failed 2 grades and not in special needs? My daughter is 18 years old. She failed two grades and she is not a special needs student. I still pay support.	Family Questions	Michigan
Question about nullifying a divorce through reconciliation? If a couple reconciles during the divorce waiting period in CA, but doesn't stop the divorce, doesn't it null and void the divorce anyway? We reconciled 2 months into the waiting period and my attorney had said cohabitation at anytime during that period would void the divorce. We lived together as husband and wife from 1976 until 1991. If the divorce wasn't void, could affidavits from blood relatives stating the facts be used to void the divorce? Social security survivor's benefits will be decided by this answer!	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can an employer force you to buy health insurance? Can an employer force you to buy health insurance?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What to do if not sure what to ask during a custody trial as I'm on my own and my ex has a lawyer? not sure what to ask during a custody trial. I'm on my own and my ex has a lawyer.	Family Questions	Michigan
Can I file for child support and time sharing  before I file for divorce in Florida? Can I file for child support and time sharing  before I file for divorce in Florida?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is the contract still in force if the LLC dissolved?  I have a contract with LLC to share future royalty profit from my product; a year later, the LLC is dissolved; I was not formally notified about the status of LLC nor disposition of the contract; 2 year later, I have some royalty profit to share; but LLC no longer exist.Q: Is the contract still in force if the LLC dissolved? Any recommended course of action?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What can I expect when going to court for a dui failure to appear after turning myself in and bounding out? What can I expect when going to court for a dui failure to appear after turning myself in and bounding out?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
I'm a father and I want to try and get full custody of my daughter? I'm a father and I want to try and get full custody of my daughter?	Family Questions	California
What motion title would I apply to reduce my unpaid fines to judgement so that I can get my drivers license? I want to file a motion, in pro se, that would reduce my unpaid fines to judgement so that I can get my drivers license and go back to work. What motion title would apply?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Does the landlord have the right to put a lock on the door if the rent is not paid on time? Does the landlord have the right to put a lock on the door if the rent is not paid on time?	Real Estate Questions	California
If my brother's wife never signed a pre-nup, should we incorporate to protect our assets?  my father owns a successful restaurant business , approximate 2 million. In business for 52 yrs. He is currently up in years and foresee possible divorce. Three children involved and  if my brother's wife never signed pre-nup, should we incorporate to protect our assets? She is currently entitled to 50 percent of HIS 1/3.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can parental rights be relinquished if both spouses agree? In Colorado, can a father relinquish his parental rights for no other reason other than not wanting to pay if the mother agrees?	Family Questions	New York
What are the benefits, if any, and drawbacks if I incorporate? I have been working with a home remodeling contractor for 11.5 years, basically full time, as a 1099'd worker. Now he is insisting that I incorporate. What are the benefits, if any, and drawbacks? I do not own a work vehicle and have no employees of my own.	Employment Questions	Illinois
A stock photo website claimed that they have a copyright of an image we're using. I found this image as a royalty-free image 3 yrs ago, but I have no proof.  I would not mind to pay for it.  I wrote to them asking for a copy of their copyright registration.  If they can't provide, what should I do?	Copyright Questions	Texas
My car loan went from $17,000 to $22,000. The dealer took 5,000 of 15,000 owed on trade in and added it to my new car loan. So the dealer ended up paying only $10,000. Can they do this legally? They have the car.  I shouldn't have to pay for it.	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Finance Questions,Financial Questions,Legal Questions	Massachusetts
Help if I am a single mom and my ex is fighting the parenting plan that is best for our two girls? I am a single mom and my ex is fighting the parenting plan that is best for our two girls. He has never paid a penny for child support.  I need help but I am on very limited budget trying to take care of our two daughters.  Is there a way that I could get help with this?	Family Questions	Kansas
How do you handle a bench warrant from 8 years ago?  How do you handle a bench warrant from 8 years ago? It's a criminal charge. Who do i talk to pertaining this case? What should I do? I truly want to resolve the past issues and move forth.	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Re-open the support I'm paying my ex & have the courts decide the amount based on their guidelines? Live in PA, divorced in Feb, 2012.  Ex is thinking about taking me back to court over support payments.  I am paying her only child support and it is much higher then I needed to pay her.  My question is if she decides to proceed can I re-open the support I'm paying her and have the courts decide the legal amount based on their guidelines.	Family Questions	California
What can I do to get my kids back? I am currently separated (not legally) from my husband of 15 years. He has recently taken the kids and is now not letting me see them saying he wants to fight for full custody. What can I do to get them back? I have no money. I was a stay at home mom, and he has stopped helping support me in anyway.	Family Questions	Nevada
Do I have any legal actions for having my book edited with the company employer leaving derogatory statements? I published a book and because of a poor editing job, I had it re-edited. I sent it to be reformatted. I just received my book back from the formatter for final approval and found my name written in derogatory statements throughout my own book. My book was not edited by this company, I only paid for formatting. My guess is that he/or she didn't like my view and inserted my name. What are my options, and do I have any legal resolve?Thanks,Stephen	Copyright Questions,Employment Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Can an employer have your work below the pay grade such as from carpenter to lawn work? Can an employer have your work below the pay grade such as from carpenter to lawn work?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Does my father need an attorney if his parents weren't born in the U.S. and he was born from a midwife? My dad is 65 years old, born in southern Texas by a midwife (not in a hospital), his parents were not U. S. citizens (and are now deceased), now he's applied for a passport and they won't accept his proof of citizenship. Does he need an attorney?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Utah
Do I have a case if I'm in fear of going back to work?  I work as a construction worker at a family buisness but I'm not part of the family.  The owner's brother a few years ago assaulted me and nothing happened to him. A few days ago he assaulted me again and now I feel I dont have a safe working environment. The person that assaulted me has not be fired or suspended, nothing has happened. Do I have a case because I can't go back to work feeling in fear? There are several witnesses to both incidents that occurred.	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
If you pay back taxes, are you able to foreclose on the property?  if you pay back taxes on a property are you able to foreclose on the property? If this is not possible what legal vehicles are available in situation such as this if any? The property was being sold on an article of agreement.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can an employer demote an employee and reduce their pay in LA? Can an employer demote an employee and reduce their pay in LA?	Employment Questions	California
What is the difference between primary physical placement and partial physical custody? what is the difference between primary physical placement and partial physical custody?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What are foreign corporation requirements in DE, MI, and OH? We are a technology consulting corporation incorporated in Delaware. We're seeking to work with clients in the states of MI and OH and will be based out of a residence in MI. The business will hold no licenses or property in these states. What are the Foreign Corp requirements in these states?Are we required to file for a Certificate of Authority to conduct our consulting business in these states.  Or do we just submit an Application for Registration of Corporate Name.	Corporate Questions	Michigan
Do you need a special permit or license to operate a pet cemetery? do you need a special permit or license in the state of IL county of Morris, to operate a pet cemetery? Zoning is approved and land is sufficient.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Illinois
Question about appeal of a small claims landlord suit? Hello, I'm am seeking Pro Bono legal for an Appeal of a Small Claims Landlord/Tenant suit. I filed a Defendant's Claim of the initial Small Claims, and have just received the Judges decision which my wife and I would like legal assistance for an Appeal.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it possible for them to refuse to even discuss lifetime use of the house for myself and insist on immediate sale? I have 1/3 ownership of my recently deceased husband's home along with his two adult children. It is the home we were both living in at the time of his accidental death. Is it possible for them to refuse to even discuss lifetime use of the house for myself and insist on immediate sale?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What is an employee "at will"?  What is an employee "at will"?  And constitutes "Sexual Harassment"?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Legal if I've been living in my place I rent for three years for a new owner to collect a deposit? Is it legal if I've been living in my place I rent for three years for a new owner to collect a deposit?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I get help from legal aid if I want to comply in filing court papers for my own privacy act? I need help in filing court papers for my own privacy act. I want to comply. Can I get help from legal aid?	Tax Questions	California
Do I have any chance to get the items for the original price? On Monday, I purchased items from an online store, when  ordered the items from the website there was a drop down screen for options. I purchased the items and have a receipt for one price. The online store called me today and said their website did not work correctly and did not add an additional fee. Do I have any chance to get the items for the original price?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Am I entitled to the compensation?  I had a verbal contract with another General Contractor . I started working on the project and he stopped all work on the job and the job was finished by another contractor. Am I entitled to compensation?	Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
If I complained about a waitress, is it defamation of character? I made a complaint to a local restaurant about one of their waitresses, would that be considered "defamation of character"?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Questions a parent has about their 16-year-old-daughter? A girl at the age of 16 or 17, is it legal to date an 18 to 20 year old man in the state of Michigan?Can a parent do anything about a 16 year old girl moving out, in MI?	Family Questions	Michigan
How do I get payment arrangements made so I can legally keep the vehicle?  I was the executrix but i turned it over to the 2nd named individual. I was given a vehicle in the will. I was told not to do anything regarding payments until it went thru probate, so I didn't but it has been almost a year and I am concerned. How do I get payment arrangements made so i can legally keep the vehicle?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Am I obligated to pay since the contract was lost? I was a member at a gym and was under the impression I was being billed monthly from my checking account. 9 months later I  was told I was being billed 180 dollars in a lump sum. My question is am I obligated to pay that since the contract was lost?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I legally ask my husband for help paying the bills until the divorce is final? I am a wife about to divorce my husband of six months, we have many bills together but no children or property. I am currently unemployed and relied on him for all finances. Can I legally ask him for help paying these bills until the divorce is final? He is currently staying in my apartment and I am staying with a friend.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
How to determine if my wife is entitled to some of my retirement? My wife and I are getting a divorce. She says that she is entitled to some of my retirement. How is that determined?	Family Questions	California
How do I get my name off the lease and keep from turning the gas and lights back on in my name? Hello, My name is Casharel and out of the kindness of my heart I got a lease agreement in my name for my mother,however now she want let me stay there because her boyfriend used the address as a cps case? so technically no one can be there.  She put the bills in my name without my permission? How do I get my name off the lease and keep her from turning the gas and lights back on in my name?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can boyfriend's mother get POA after I am named POA? My boyfriend is in the hospital on life support. before he was unresponsive he named me his power of attorney in his living will and also stated in his will that if anything happened to him I would get full custody of his daughter. Could his mother fight this and become p.o.a and get custody?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can you be served court papers at work without being there and can they give the papers to a co worker? Can you be served court papers at work without being there and can they give the papers to a co worker?	Employment Questions	California
What legal wording might be used to limit my site's liabilities? I am building a website that in part, will act as a middleman/shopping cart to HOLD event attendee funds, to be later reimbursed to event organizers upon an successful event "GO"  (with automatic transaction nullification should the Event be cancelled).  This puts the site in a position of a temporary "bank". As well, despite verification efforts for organizers of events that require upfront fees, I can not guarantee or guard 100% against fraud.I am wondering what legal wording might be used to limit my site's liabilities in these matters.Thank you in advance	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Texas
Is my uncle's estate still liable for a contract with an alarm company? My uncle had a 5 year contract with an alarm company.  He died. I as his executor, sold his house.  Is his estate still liable for that contract? This is in the state of NY.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
If my name is not on his bank account but am the beneficiary, am I entitled to 1/2 of what he has?  If my name is not on his bank account, but am the beneficiary, am I entitled to 1/2 of what he has? And he also won $24,000.00 in either Las Vegas or Morongo or somewhere like that. Am I entitled to 1/2 of that? And what if spends it all?	Family Questions	California
What is the public policy that justifies copyright laws?'	Copyright Questions	Florida
Can I use my rent money to pay for things that are wrong with my house? Can I use my rent money to pay for things that are wrong with my house?	Real Estate Questions	California
I copyrighted a commercial to sell electric mobility scooters to the public. Is there any way a dealer or manufacturer that are already selling the scooter to the handicapped, could get around the copyright and make a commercial with any of the data or ideas in my commercial without paying me? None	Copyright Questions	California
If I am terminated, what law if any, says I can collect my personal possessions from my office before I leave the premises? If I am terminated, what law if any, says I can collect my personal possessions from my office before I leave the premises?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If I wanted to move in with my dad with no custody agreement, could I do it without my mom's permission? If I wanted to move in with my dad and there was no custody agreement could I do that and my mom have no right too say anything?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can non-profits offer end of year bonuses to reward for performance? can non-profits offer their employees end of year bonuses to reward for excellent performance?	Employment Questions	Maryland
How much money can my parents leave to me without losing my benefits? I've been getting SSD benefits since 1993, am 52 years old, and my parents would like to know how much money they can leave to me without losing my benefits? Can they put money in a trust account without it affecting my benefits?  Can they assign someone else to handle the trust for me and make decisions on my behalf of when and how the money is spent regardless of how I feel about it? What does an Executor do?  What is Power of Attorney?  Can you possibly direct me to another site or some resource that can help me with these questions so that I'm not in the dark?  Thank you, Kathy	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I file from out of state if I'm the only surviving child of my late mother? My mother died in May. I got notice from Teacher Retirement of Texas after notifying of her death that there are benefits payable from her account and asking for proof of heir ship to settle. She was 96 and left no estate or property. I am the only surviving child and have POA and executor status. They state that the document must be obtained from Probate Court. There is no other property and a small insurance policy has been paid. No claims from creditors still out. I live out of state in Georgia, am 70 years old and travel is very difficult. She died in Bexar Co Texas. What are my options? Can I file from out of state and with who? Where do I get the required forms. Thanks.  Erin Wertenberger	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What can I do to obtain my clientele I worked two years building? Hello my name is veronica my former employer let me go six months ago. I'm an independent hairstylist and she withheld my client information from me. phone numbers and names. What can I do to obtain my clientele I worked two years building?	Employment Questions	California
Can I be fired because a customer calls in and said I was staring at her? Can I be fired because a customer calls in and said that on more than one occasion when she looked up I was staring at her? I wasn't asked anything, No write up and no reviewing the tapes. Just called on the phone and fired and I've never had a write up in the whole two years I've been there.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Do I or his child inherit the things in his name left in the will? I was married to a man who died before his parents but their will was not changed before they died. Do I or his child inherit the things in his name left in the will?	Personal Injury Questions	California
When quoting from the writings of others (in this case published books and poems), is it necessary to ask permission of the author (even when giving credit on an acknowledgements page)? None	Copyright Questions	Georgia
What are laws about losing rights when in jail? I wanted to find out if my ex husband goes to jail if I could move out of state? He currently has visitiation at the center however has not attended in over 8 weeks. I have sole parental responsibility of my child. He is a special needs child and I feel it would be best to move to get him the help and family support he needs. Dad is currently out on bond and has a court date in the middle of may for drug charges. He has an extensive felony and misdemenor record. What are the laws about losing rights when your in jail? Is there a time limit? Can I move?	Family Questions	Florida
What are the policies in regards to refunds with a layaway contract? We bought a mattress from a store and put down a deposit and the store put it under a layaway contract. We decided we want our money back and the company said they can not refund or money because of their policy. We were told that in Oklahoma we have 48 hours on any contracts. Is this true?	Consumer Questions	Oklahoma
Options if my partner believes she is doing more work than me & wants me to lower my percentage? I am a 50% owner of a business that I thought of. My partner believes she is doing more work than me and either wants me to lower my percentage or let her buy me out. What are my rights and options?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
What do I need to do to be able to work with Federal Government in Ohio or Wyoming? I am a new Ohio based LLC. I have registered the company in Wyoming. What do i need to do to be able to work with Federal Government in Ohio or Wyoming? What permits do I need?Regards,Taha Maki	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
What is the likely outcome if he is found to be the father which is a 40% chance? Live in Florida.  My husband is being sued for paternity and child support.  He has not worked at all this year and and only made $2000.00 last year. What is the likely outcome if he is found to be the father which is a 40% chance?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
In California does my spouse still receive half of our homes equity if he signed an Interspousal Transfer Grant Deed at the time of purchase, when our divorce is final? In California does my spouse still receive half of our homes equity if he signed an Interspousal Transfer Grant Deed at the time of purchase when our divorce is final?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Do I have to dismiss this case against them? TI signed a settlement, the other party did not perform to the agreement in several ways. I served summons on them. The same day they performed what was in the contract, but not until 2 months later and a lot of worry. I now have to dismiss a case against them in which I have proof of fraud. They are claiming substantial performance but their breach of contract was voluntary not because of something out of their control. Do I have to dismiss this case against them, and if I don't will I receive sanctions?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Estimated settlement for car accident with medical bills in $1210 and the insurance wanted to pay 700?  What is the estimated settlement for a car accident with medical bills amounting in 1210.00 and the insurance only wanted to pay 700.00 in pain and suffering? I have been to therapy for two months, been under my primary physician care.  I don't want to settle and have regrets later.	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Can non-custodial parent adjust child support through different state? If a non custodial parent lives in a different state than the custodial parent and pays child support to the custodial parental and the non custodial parent wants the support adjusted, can he have the support adjusted through the state that he resides in. Can that state act as a middle man?	Family Questions	Ohio
Question regarding a contract for auto loan dated in 200 for $3500 and car was reposed? Contract for auto loan dated 3/24/2000, for $3,500. car was reposed. This information is not disclosed on credit report. Collection agency withdrawals $6,200. today (7/26/12). Is this legal? There was no disclosure.	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Since I am Pro Se, am I allowed to be present at the deposition and am I allowed to also ask questions at the deposition? I currently have custody of my two children.  My ex-wife filed for a modification of the custody.  I am Pro Se.  My ex-wife's attorney is taking a deposition of my sister.  Since I am Pro Se, am I allowed to be present at the deposition and am I allowed to also ask questions at the deposition?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What's the difference between sole custody and legal sole custody? What's the difference between sole custody and legal sole custody?	Family Questions	Connecticut
What is process for contesting a second will?  What is process for contesting a second will? Original will hasn't been filed in probate nor second as yet.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Can the state of California take my 401k for back owed child support? Can the state of California take my 401k for back owed child support?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
When a person gives notice they are leaving their job, can the boss fire them? When a person gives notice they are leaving their job, can the boss fire them?	Employment Questions	Florida
Ex-boyfriend will not let me move with child out of country. Can I take my child and move to another country if it is for a job that is with the government? My ex-boyfriend agreed to it and now is saying no. We agreed that I would bring him home for summer and for holidays. What advice can you give me?	Family Questions	Alabama
Is there anything I can do if my boss fired me for invalid reasons? I was fired from my job and was told by my manager that it was for missing work. The only time I missed work was for an injury to my hand (1 day off work) and my manager sent me home early for getting sick while at work. Is there anything I can do?	Employment Questions	Maryland
What is my course of action if the tenants are suing because of temperature differential? We are renting a (restored 1927) home with an operating air conditioning system.  The current tenants moved into the house in January, they weren't able to "test" the AC.  This winter, they complained about the draftiness of the "old" house.  Now, they're complaining about the air conditioning not cooling the house sufficiently (some rooms are cooler than others).  Had the air conditioning evaluated ($400), system works, they recommended some annual maintenance.  The tenant is threatening to sue us because of "temperature differential" and stating the house is "uninhabitable".  I have an 12 page energy audit stating the air conditioning works and is cooling the house.  Just wondering what my course of action should be.  Thanks!	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Is it right for my work to ask me in further, private details of medical history? Is it right for my work to ask me for this?; "we're going to need a more detailed note from your primary care physician if you are to be out longer.  By more detailed, I mean an exact diagnosis with all contributing factors listed.  On the other note, it just said you were excused from work for a period of time, which in most cases would be sufficient; but since we're looking at about a month and a half absence here we really need more information from a licensed medical professional."They have had several notes from my medical profesional medically excusing me from work, as well as my own explanations of my illness. I believe this is illegal and a type of harrasment from them as I try to get well.Please resond ASAP.Thank you, Kelly C	Employment Questions	California
What can I do if the other party breached the contract? I am a musician who signed a contract for performance and the other party breached contract and I want to know what can I do about it?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Was Child Support suppose to take my income taxes? I am paying rears in child support and made agreement to have a certain amount taking out of my pay check every two weeks. Was Child Support suppose to take my income taxes?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What is the maximum that an employer can work an employee in a 24-hour period? What is the maximum number of hours that an employer can work an employee in a 24-hour period?	Employment Questions	California
I am on parole and I live with my mother in-law and she rented a room out to someone that is on probation in Riverside County. I'm on parole in San Bernardino county. Can I get in trouble ?	Criminal Questions	California
How long does a employer have to pay me, after I got laid off? How long does a employer have to pay me, after I got laid off?	Employment Questions	California
Do I have any legal grounds for dismissal? My husband and I live in GA and have been married 26 years. We have our own business, an LLC sole proprietorship in his name. He recently started having an affair with a younger woman who works for us. What legal rights do I have to the business and can I fire her. I have helped establish the business and supported him at times in our marriage. Do I have any legal grounds for dismissal?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Can I request to have the cost of this door taken off my rent? We have asked for a metal screen door on our front door.  The management office said, we would have to buy/pay for the door and they will install it.  Can I request to have the cost of this door taken off my rent?	Real Estate Questions	California
What's the legal age to sign binding contract as for a storage unit? What's the legal age to sign binding contract as for a storage unit?	Consumer Questions	New York
Do I have to pay for my tenant's damage groceries if the fridge broke? I'm a landlord to someone in NC. The fridge broke and I had it fixed but now she wants $200.00 of damaged groceries. Do I have to pay her for that?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can the lease be voided? I am unable to apply for a business license because of land use regulations for the property I am renting. When I signed the lease, the contract stated my use was permitted. Can the lease be voided?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is it against the law if Plumbing companies in Florida only hire piece workers? There are plumbing companies in Florida that strictly hire piece workers. Is this against the law?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can Due Process be denied in a custody case? Can Due Process be denied in a custody case?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Does officer have reasonable cause to search due to old DUI ruled in my favor and no bicycle lights? If I got pulled over on a bicycle at night for not having lights and had a previous DUI case on my record (even though I won the case), is that reasonable cause for the officer to then search my person?	Legal Questions	Utah
Who is responsible for putting grab bars in the shower when I fell? I am disabled and need grab bars in the shower. I asked the landlord and he dismissed it. I fell last week and was all bruised and in pain. Who is responsible for putting those grab bars in the shower?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
If you're asked to take a break after you start your shift do you have to take a break? If you're asked to take a break 20 minutes after you start your shift do you have to take a break?	Employment Questions	California
Question of legal ownership of grandparents' lot? My grandparents purchased a lot to build a home on in 1944. My mother and my uncle were the only to children born out  the marriage. My grandmother died in 1947.  My grandfather remarried someone else and no children were born out of that marriage. My grandfather owned the property prior to remarrying after my grandmother died.  My grandfather and his new wife build a house on the lot and shortly after that my grandfather died. My mom and my uncle were the only two legal heirs of my grandfather. My step grandmother transferred the house over into her daughter's name and died a short time after that.  Now for thirty years everyone claims to be the legal owner of the house. My brothers and sisters want to seek legal ownership.	Family Questions	California
How do I take out my name from a deed? How do I take out my name from a deed?	Real Estate Questions	California
My ex-boyfriend and I founded a tech start-up and I like to step down but maintain ownership. How do we determine a fair percentage of ownership/shares? Hello, My ex-boyfriend and I founded a tech start-up LLC. It's launching in April 2012. I'm currently the CEO and he is Chairman of the Board. Ownership is 50/50. I would like to step down as CEO and no longer be active in the business, but still maintain ownership/shares? - - What are the appropriate stepsWhat legal docs are necessary? How do we determine a fair percentage of ownership/shares?	Corporate Questions	Illinois
What to do if I got laid off from my job and they are not trying to pay my last check? What to do if I got laid off from my job and they are not trying to pay my last check?	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal for a dining supervisor  to make less then cooks that she supervises? Is it legal for a dining supervisor  to make less then cooks that she supervises?	Employment Questions	California
How long does an individual have to cancel a contract in New York State? How long does an individual have to cancel a contract in New York State?	Family Questions	New York
What do I need to do to file against someone for defamation of character? What do I need to do to file against someone for defamation of character?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Broke any laws if I invited a 18-year-old girl from Russia with her parents to Costa Rica and I paid? I invited a 18-year-old girl from Russia with her parents to Costa Rica with her parents and I was to pay their way. I live in Kentucky. Have I broken any laws?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
How do I obtain a divorce that was never granted in '99? How do I obtain a divorce that was never granted in '99?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I contracted an auto mechanic to rebuild my engine and hasn't done so? I contracted an auto mechanic to rebuild my engine on April 11, 2012, and was told that it would only take two weeks to complete. From then til now they have pushed the date back several times, and I have missed important appointments and acquired a $1800 fine because of this problem. I have a family with three children to provide for (two teenagers 1 one year old). That is the only car we have and now I can't get in contact with them. What can I do?	Consumer Questions	California
Can I ask that I be covered for life if I divorce? I have been married for 35 years and covered by my husband's medical plan.  His lawyer said that I will not be covered if we divorce.  Is this true or can I ask that I be covered for life?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Legal to kick me out earlier because I didn't clean the bathroom? In May I moved from California to my moms house in Oregon. I've been living her for the past month and a half and receiving my mail here. When I moved in we agreed I would not have to pay rent and could stay and get a job to get on my feet again and move back to California. Even though we had an agreement to pay no rent I've been providing the house with food along with my brother. On June 30th she gave me a letter stating I have 30 days to move out which is fine but then today she stated that since I did not clean the bathroom I have to be out by tomorrow or she will change the locks on the house. Is this legal? What can I do if anything? I have no where to go until July 30th. She owns the house.	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Can I take the teacher to court if the phone got stolen from teacher's desk? School policy prohibits cell phones it also states that they are not responsible for lost or stolen items. The teacher took the cell phone from my child.  Parents are to pick up from school. I wasn't called to pick it up. The phone got stolen from teacher's desk. Can I take teacher to court?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
If my children's mother recently changed employers, How do I find out what she now makes?  My children's mother recently changed employers. How do I find out what she now makes? She won't volunteer that information to me.	Family Questions	California
If someone gives me a deposit on a boat and backs off for no reason do I have to give it back?  If someone gives me a deposit on a boat and backs off for no reason do I have to give it back? He tied up my boat for a week, and I had to turn down callers because he gave me a deposit.	Consumer Questions	California
Legal to keep my check if they are accusing me of stealing money and won't look at the videos? I bartend and my employers have me and my coworker write down the time and the draft beer we sell and put the money in a marked box for that particular draft we sell. We have four camera's behind the bar as well. Now every time as keg empties they add up all our marked sales and then they tell us we are short and charge us to pay them money. I do not know what kind of system they have but it's some crap. They now just called me and said we are short 95.00. This is impossible due to the fact #1 we are on camera #2 we write the time and mark the exact draft we sold #3 then place the money in the box. I am refusing to pay them anymore of my hard earned money. I told them they better review the videos. They said the will keep my check. Not legal?	Employment Questions	District of Columbia
How do you negotiate a contract once it's breached?	Contract Questions	Virginia
How can I get a car title that's in two different names transferred to one? How can I get a car title that's in two different names transferred to one?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
What are my rights if my landlord says that I live in their house so I have to listen to them for errands? I am in a month to month verbal agreement. My landlords come into my apartment without notice to shut my windows or to tell me to pick something up. They say I live in their house so I have to listen to them. Kinda acting like my parents. What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
File for divorce in another state if the paperwork has been submitted in another state? Can I file for divorce in another state if the paperwork has already been submitted in another state?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can an employer make you sign a paper stating the company is not responsible for any fines? Can an employer (LLC) make you sign a paper stating he (owner) & the company is not responsible for any fines charged to the employee or the company that the employee has acquired on the job?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have any legal recourse with either SUV if my ex recently sold the old SUV without telling me a word? I bought my wife (soon to be ex wife) a pre-owned SUV outright. We took her old SUV off the road with the agreement and understanding that the old SUV would be mine to either sell or put back on the road under my name. She recently sold the old SUV without telling me a word. Do I have any legal recourse with either SUV?	Family Questions	New Jersey
Does HRBlock have a responsibility to pay this debt due to their fault? In 2009, HRBlock prepared my taxes.  I received a refund.  Now I have received a notice that they failed to file one of my W2s and I owe a resulting $650 to the IRS.  Does HRBlock have a responsibility to pay this debt due to their fault?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can the daughter sue for the car being that it was a gift from her father? A dad buys a car for his daughter for her 16 birthday gift. The car was still in his name due to her age and insurance. Then three years later, he take it from her because he is mad. Can she sue him for the car being that it was a gift?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What do I need to do to replace the I-94 stamp on my new passport? I lost my old passport with I-94 stamp. Got the new one. What do I need to do to replace the I-94 stamp on my new passport?	Immigration Questions	Alabama
At what age are parents not required to pay daycare? My step son is 12 years old, and his mother wants to put him in daycare. We are court ordered to pay half of daycare cost. At what age in Missouri are we not required to pay daycare cost?	Family Questions	Kansas
Is it legal for an officer of the court to come to my house and collect money when I never received a judgement?  Is it legal for an officer of the court to come to my house and collect money when I never received a judgement? If not, what do I do to protect myself?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
When is a 'request for dismissal' form filed: Before the court hearing or any time before the hearing? When is a 'request for dismissal' form filed: Before the court hearing or any time before the hearing?	Consumer Questions	California
What, if any, are the legal requirements of an arbitration agreement under the laws of the United States? What, if any, are the legal requirements of an arbitration agreement under the laws of the United States?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	04
Is there any action that can be taken to enforce the health insurance portion of the order? My ex and I have a custody and child support order. In the orders, it clearly states, we are BOTH to maintain health coverage on our children. I have been informed that my ex has dropped her coverage on the children. I pay support and am now sole insurer. Is there any action that can be taken to enforce the health insurance portion of the order?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Question about bankruptcy? Hi, my husband and I filed for bankruptcy and included our house, wich had entered the foreclosure process.Now we want to try to keep our house and apply for a loan modification, but we are afraid that that could bring us problems since we put the house in the bankruptcy. What should we do?Thank you!	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How can I assume the mortgage has been living here for 4 years? I'm living in my uncle's house that passed away 2 years ago. Now the house is in foreclosure. How can I assume the mortgage has been living here for 4 years?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question about a roommate refusing to cooperate? I am a freshman in college, and I decided to rent an apartment with four other girls. When we went into the office to sign the lease, one of the girls was unable to sign it since she was not 18 years old. She turned 18 while we were all gone during winter break, but never signed the lease. Last week, my roommates and I asked her to sign it, and she refused to do so. Now, during spring break, she emailed me telling me she had already moved all her stuff out because she doesn't like her living situation. I have many emails about her agreeing to live with us the entire year, can I take her to court to have her pay rent till our lease ends in August?	Real Estate Questions	California
How long after filing for divorce must other party be served? If I was to file for a divorce, with no children and have a pre-nup, only been married 2 years, how long from the time I hire you to have papers files and have the other person served?  My wife told me over a month ago she filed I have not received anything.	Family Questions	Michigan
If I have not signed a contract with a company about an alleged debt, am I obligated to pay? If I have not signed a contract with a company that is contacting me about an alleged debt, am I obligated to pay said alleged debt?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
Is it accurate that a product must be patented within one year of being released to the public? One of my competitors has recently filed for a patent on a product (we both manufacture) that was first sold on Amazon in June of 2009.  The patent filing date is Aug 2011.  It is my understanding that a product must be patented within one year of being released to the public.  Is this accurate?  Should I send the U.S. PTO a letter with this information?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Washington
What do I do if the condo unit harasses me to pay for the new roof but I'm disability? I live in a condo unit they decided to put in new roof and I'm told to pay for it BUT I'm on disability and now they want to harass me. What do I do as I have no money to pay?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there a statute of limitation if my ex-wife possibly filed a fraudulent case? My ex-wife filed for child support in 1988 in Los Angeles County. We were living together, but not married and expecting a baby. The Courts say that I was personally at the hearing. I am 100% positive that I was not there nor did I ever know that she filed until recently, January 2012. I'm guessing that she at least filed a fraudulent case.Is there a statute of limitation for something like this? Is there anything I can do?	Criminal Questions	California
In Florida can a security guard keep you from entering a gated community if you own a house there? In Florida can a security guard keep you from entering a gated community if you own a house there?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a restaurant take money out of your check if the cash register is short money? can a restaurant take money out of your check if the cash register is short money?	Family Questions	New York
What is the proper course of action to take in this situation? The CEO "will have the opportunity to receive in the Merger an amount of cash per share of his Company Common Stock that is substantially larger than the amount of cash per share than the other holders of Company Common Stock".This happened in the recent past and of course I was in an unequal barging position since the potential legal costs may have exceeded the amount of money I was eligible to receive in the transaction. The time to read the 1,200 merger document was less than 2 weeks. I have provided more details in a blog post I wrote after the transaction  http://www.mischievous.org/2011/10/questions-of-fairness-in-silic.htmlAfter this I really question the equitable value of a "Common Share" in a startup.	Finance Questions	California
Can we ask for a refund on the "free" oil changes and the extra $50 added to the purchase price? My husband and I bought a car about a month ago (2011 Nissan Altima). We registered the car and now the dealer says that their paperwork was wrong and that the VIN number is incorrect. During the signing we were told we would obtain four oil changes for free during the life of the car. They added that into the price instead of waving the fee all together as they stated. On top of all that, they added an extra $50 to the purchase price. It was late and neither I nor my husband wanted to haggle anymore. Now that they have found an error in the paperwork and want us to resign, can we ask for a refund on the "free" oil changes and the extra $50 added to the purchase price? If they do not agree, can we walk away from the deal with no penalties?	Consumer Questions	Alabama
Legal to hold this employees pay until the company is paid for the job?   If an employee works on a commission basis, is it legal to hold this employees pay until the company is paid for the job?  In other words, should the employee be paid upon completion of the job even if the company hasn't been paid by the customer?	Employment Questions	Florida
Do I have to go to court if I set up payment arrangements after served papers? I was served papers to appear in court for a debt. Afterwards I called and set up payment arrangements. Do I still have to show up to court?	Financial Questions	Missouri
Could I have a potential suit against the Save A Lot Corp? I was recently harassed by an employee of my local Save A Lot. The cashier followed, me, my boyfriend, and my 2 young children out the doors, getting up in my face, yelling, using very a hostile voice, as well as body language, and asking me out into the parking lot ( to fight ) right in front of my kids. The other employee's were laughing about the matter. No one is telling me anything about what is being done to resolve this matter. Could I have a potential suit against the Save A Lot Corp?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
If I did a bankruptcy in 08 and it was before I got married can I do it again now that I am married?  If I did a bankrupt in 08 and it was before I got married can I do it again now that I am married? I live in Florida now but I did this in Maryland.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What license needed for starting online web hosting business? I am starting an online Web hosting business in Tennessee. What type of license do I need to apply for?	Business Internet Questions	Tennessee
What countries got the less legal barriers to install an online travel agency? What countries got the less legal barriers to install an online travel agency?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	A8
With private easement, I would like to know if I can have a gate long as I don't lock it? With private easement, I would like to know if I can have a gate long as I don't lock it?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it possible for an electrician to file a judgement against me personally? I work for a youth center and Church.  We had a bill for an electrician and they filed a judgement against me personally.  Is that possible? The bill was to the corporation.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I give my child an automobile without him paying taxes on the gift? Can I give my child an automobile without paying taxes on the gift?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Were my parents legally married if my dad was raised by his uncle who gave him his last name? My dad was raised by his uncle who gave him his last name,but not legally. He went to the Army, got married and had children that also have the unofficial last name. Are we legally married, were my parents legally married?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
How can I legally keep a family away from my child?
 How can I legally keep a family away from my child?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
How do I go about forcing my ex to have a paternity test done for my son who was born while we were married? How do I go about forcing my ex to have a paternity test done for my son who was born while we were married?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
How is the dollar amount for child support calculated when you have 3 kids with the ex wife and another kid with someone else? How is the dollar amount for child support calculated when you have 3 kids with the ex wife and another kid with someone else?	Family Questions	California
What are the laws on working under the table and not receiving payment? What are the laws on working under the table and not receiving payment?	Employment Questions	Florida
Does a lawyer check to see if the marriage license was ever filed? When filing for a divorce does a lawyer check to see if the marriage license was ever filed?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Legal to repaint his pictures if I paint Vincent Van Gogh pictures and sell them at craft shows? I paint Vincent Van Gogh pictures and sell them at craft shows. Is it legal to repaint his pictures?  I tell people they are his pictures.  Matt Gricar	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Michigan
How long will a copyright protect your company logo?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	North Carolina
Can my landlord charge me money for getting a quote for replacements? My landlord has charged an exorbitant amount as the security deposit after i moved out. Can my landlord charge me money for getting a quote for replacements? the fee for just getting the estimate is 150$	Consumer Questions	California
Question regarding being sued by a GA vendor who sold product to my FL-based LLC? I have been sued in GA personally by a GA vendor of mine who sold product to my company which is a Fla based LLC. My company has not been active for the past 2 years. I believe that there is a question of venue not to mention that fact that he cant sue me personally for a corp. debt. Am I correct? What should be my response to this? I have not been served as of yet. I am currently living in California. Should I accept service? If I don't what are his remedies for not being able to serve me?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Question regarding mortgage purchased by a servicing company? My mortgage was purchased by a servicing company. I made my July payment to the original company and the new company is also trying to get a July payment from me. This is a squabble between the two companies about who should get the July payment. But  the new company shows me delinquent and has put me in collections, even though they admit that they know I paid the original mortgage company! Per a rep at the original company they have been dealing with this for 1 1/2 months now & he has no idea when it will get resolved. In the mean time my credit may be affected. Please tell me if I should sue this company?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can my landlord ask me to show a prospective new tenant the current house I rent without 24 notice? can my landlord ask me to show a prospective new tenant the current house I rent without a 24 hour notice and without him or one of his agents present with the prospective tenants?	Real Estate Questions	California
If you give two weeks notice and use your dental during that time can the company cancel your insurance without contacting you first?   If you give two weeks notice and use your dental during that time can the company cancel your insurance without contacting you first?  Also how log until cobra must be given to you? Thank youMichael	Employment Questions	Colorado
Is an employer responsible for paying an employee vacation benefits when the company closes? Is an employer responsible for paying an employee vacation benefits when the company closes?	Employment Questions	California
In the city of Westminster Colorado is it against the law to have more then 3 unrelated people living in a 4 bedroom house? In the city of Westminster Colorado is it against the law to have more then 3 unrelated people living in a 4 bedroom house?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
As a temporary worker, do I have if I work overtime? As a temporary worker, do I have a right to overtime if I work more them 40 hours plus holidays?	Employment Questions	California
Can I pull out of the sale because the roof warranty was a main reason I bought the 35 year old house? I have put a deposit on a house in Georgia. The home inspection was done and a roof leak was found. The seller did the repair himself and voided the roof warranty. Can I pull out of the sale because the roof warranty was one of the main reasons I bought the 35 year old house.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Is it legal to fire me a month after I have already been punished for something? I was terminated over a month after I received a minor violation. I had already received a write up for the infraction. Is it legal to fire me a month after I have already been punished for something?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the age of consent in California?  What is the age of consent in California? If I am 16 and dating a 18 year old, is it illegal?	Family Questions	California
Are flash mobs protected by the first amendment? I am trying to organize a flash mob in California. It will be a freeze flash mob and it will not interfere with business. Are flash mobs protected by the first amendment?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can you assign a contract for real property to another party? In New York state can you assign a contract for real property to another party?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is it legal to terminate a woman who is pregnant because of health complications? Is it legal to terminate a woman who is pregnant because of health complications due to pregnancy in the state of Virginia?	Employment Questions	New York
When one purchases a computer, should he or she also receive all software for that computer? When one purchases a computer, should he or she also receive all software for that computer? I purchased a computer but did not receive any of its software. If the computer's hard drive fails I could not re install the software. The company which manufactures the computer solution is to have me, the customer, send the computer to them for re instillation. This does not sound right. It appears to me that this company has found away to have the costumer continue to pay for the same item over. In my case, I want to upgrade the motherboard in my system. This something I can do myself however, the software will need to be reinstalled. The company wont give me the software and drivers needed, instead they offered an $1,800 upgrade.	Consumer Questions	California
Help with a case against an harassing neighbor? I need a lawyer who handles harassment lawsuit from neighbors. I am being harassed by my neighbor in all different ways. The neighbor's fence and gate was encroaching my property. I gave a letter to remove the fence. They did not do it. Eventually I had to hire a lawyer and spent money. He is taking pictures of my grandchildren if they sit on the front porch and talk. He did not let my surveyor go into the property to mark property line. He threatened my contractor to call the police and have him arrested if he digs the hole to put the post because the hole would be near the gas line. The regulation is if the digging is to occur within 2' of the gas line then digging has to be done by hand. There are lots of other instances instances.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I sue credit card company for insulting me in letter? I got a settlement letter from my American Express Credit Card department. The letter addressed me as John Dummy Smith. Can I sue American Express for calling me 'Dummy'?	Personal Injury Questions	New Jersey
Is there any way my boyfriend can fight and not have the restraining order put on him by my parents? My parents put a restraining order on my boyfriend. Is there anyway he can fight it and not have the restraining order put on him?	Family Questions	California
if a homeowner is in foreclosure & dies, with leaving the home to there only child, who would be the owner? if a homeowner is in foreclosure and dies, with leaving the home to there only child while still in foreclosure,who would be the new owner?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can you sue after getting a tattoo and find obscene images hidden in it? Can you sue after getting a tattoo and find obscene images hidden in it?	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
Is there a new immigration waiver law today? Is there a new immigration waiver law today?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What rights does my boyfriend have when I gave verbal notice to vacate my home and refuses? I gave my boyfriend verbal notice to vacate my home (I own it) and how he is refusing to leave.  He has lived in my home for a year.  What rights does he have and what rights do I have?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can an Employer change an employee's compensation from hourly to salary? Can a California Employer change an employee's compensation from hourly to salary after 5.5 years of service without the employee signing a form and with the employer knowing that over-time was always worked each paycheck for 5.5 years?	Criminal Questions	California
Is there a difference between joint legal custody and physical custody? Is there a difference between joint legal custody and physical custody?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How do I fight a charge for a $1000 carpet replacement fee for the entire apartment? I am being charged $1000 carpet replacement fee for the entire apartment due to excessive pet damage, when pet damage occurred only in one room with pet, security deposits paid along with 12 months pet rent which I was told by the leasing agent would also cover pet damages. How do I fight this?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
If I want to adopt a child from overseas, is it easier to be married or can my income be sufficient in supporting the child? I'm a working single mom and want to adopt a child from overseas. I would like to know if it's easier to be married or can my income be sufficient in supporting the child?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Would social services have the right to put her in foster care because the father is giving up custody? My partner of 10 years has a sister that had a child. The child is 4months old and the mother can not take care of her. The father said that he would take care of her, but she has been living with us for 3 1/2 months. I want the child to stay with us but i was wondering if the father could just sign over his rights. If so, would social services have the right to put her in foster care because the father is giving up custody?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Do I need to purchase the rights of songs and titles if I reference them in my book? I am trying to get a book published but my editor says I have songs, titles and performers in there that require I purchase the rights to the songs before being released. Do I need to do this even just referencing a song and the artist?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
What are my rights as a single mother? What are my rights as a single mother?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Does management have a right to take pictures of the property? I live in a mobile home park and pay a monthly stipend.  I own the home outright.  Does the management have a right to come on to the property without my permission and take pictures of the property?	Real Estate Questions	California
Where can my brother find a lower cost lawyer to write this letter for the custody of his children?
 My Brother Mike needs a letter written by a lawyer stating he wishes not to give up custody of his children. The lawyer he found wants a $5000 retainer fee. I was wondering where he can find a lower cost lawyer in the Sacramento area to write this letter for him.  Thank you so much,  Marty	Family Questions	California
Right to stay at our late parents' house or could my brother have me evicted as he has estate control? My parents recently passed leaving us 4 kids the estate. I am currently living in their house. My other siblings have their own houses. My brother was given control over the estate. I cannot afford to move but my brother keeps pushing me to get out. He says he wants to rent it out for more than what I am giving him until the estate goes through the court process and we sell the house. My question is: do I have a right to stay there or could he have me evicted.	Family Questions	California
Will my mother be entitled to partial ownership should she outlive her husband? My 86 yo father and 78 yo mother never divorced, though she moved out 15 yrs ago.  He is buying me a piece of land for cash and wants to be co-owner on the deed with me, with the property in joint survivor-ship, I think he said (whoever is last alive keeps it), to keep from paying taxes from just giving it to me outright.  Will my mother be entitled to partial ownership should she outlive him?  I am the sole heir named in his will; she will keep their jointly owned home, but his will states I get all else.  We are in Florida.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can my neighbor take me with a warrant because I don't have his money yet after getting hurt?
 If my neighbor loaned me 600 dollars and charged me 1200 dollars total to pay him back and I got hurt at work and I'm waiting on a workers comp check can he take me with a warrant because I don't have his money yet?	Consumer Questions	West Virginia
If I break the contract and he comes after me for the rest of this year's rent, do I have ground to stand on? I am in Florida and own a business.  I rent the retail space and have been with the same lease/landlord for eight years.  The lease doesn't expire for another 11 months, however about 6 months ago, the landlord moved in a tenant in our same small plaza who has a similar business, and we are definitely losing business because of this.  Nowhere in the lease contract can I find mention of territories.  My question is, if I break the contract and he comes after me for the rest of this year's rent, do I have ground to stand on?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
If I get the divorce now what would happen with my husband's immigration status? My husband is waiting for his residency. I would like to know if I get the divorce now what would happens with his immigration status?	Immigration Questions	California
Can visitations be stopped if the father is a felon? Can visitations be stopped if the father is a felon?	Family Questions	California
Would I be eligible to get a visa if I'm 18 years old and came to the US from Mexico when I was 2? I'm 18 years old and came to the US from Mexico when I was 2. Would I be eligible to get a visa?	Immigration Questions	California
Money was taken from an escrow account that was not properly set up. What legal responsibilities does an attorney in Florida have to provide to someone when establishing an escrow account? I entered into a "agreement" this agreement instructed me to fund $100,000 into an escrow account for the business. I complied and gave the money to my partner to put into "the business escrow account" I received a receipt only after much demand. In this agreement I authorized my partner to withdraw the escrow funds for business purposes without further approval from me. However, the only documentation I was provided with was a receipt that the attorney received and was holding my money. I then learned that back in July without my knowledge or consent that the money was removed by my partner. Is this lawyer liable?	Finance Questions	Florida
What can I do about a summary Judgement? what can I do about a summary Judgement?	Consumer Questions	California
I got a partner that recently, has been using our business account to spend for personal items unrelated to business. He also has control of our business' website as well as the e-mail accounts. How can I legally end partnership with this person and gain control of our business websites?	Partnership Questions	Florida
Can we form an LLC with our c-corp and investors or would that violate SEC rules on investors? We have formed a c-corp to sell "widgets" to large retailers and received a large order from one of them. We are looking to investors to cover the cost of "widgets" to fulfill this order. Can we form an LLC with our c-corp and investors to do this and return percentage of the profit to the LLC after the retailer pays us or would that violate SEC rules on investors? We basically do not want to bring investors into the main c-corp or mess with SEC regs if we don't need to.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Washington
Can child support be transferred from a recently turned 18-year-old to their sibling?  Can child support be transferred from a recently turned 18 yr old to their sibling? State of Michigan.	Family Questions	Michigan
What is the law in Pennsylvania regarding NSF and is it a misdemeanor or a felony?
 What is the law in Pennsylvania regarding NSF and is it a misdemeanor or a felony?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
If I divorce my husband, can I get full custody even though I'm not employed? I'm a stay-at-home mother of 2 little girls. If I divorce my husband, can I get full custody even though I'm not employed?	Family Questions	Oregon
Is there a statue of limitations to appeal a sentencing once partial time is served and is released on Parole? Is there a statue of limitations to appeal a sentencing once partial time is served and is released on Parole in the state is Florida?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Is there anything I have to do before I start fundraising? I'm 14 and I'm trying to organize a program where I ride a mile for every dollar donated to Mesothelioma John Hopkins Hospital Lung Cancer and Lupus. Is there anything I have to do before I start fundraising?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	Virginia
How long can you live outside the U.S without losing your citizenship?  Being a U.S citizen: How long can you live outside the U.S without losing your citizenship?	Immigration Questions	California
What to do if I have open joint legal custody of my son and my son's mother won't let me see him? What to do if I have open joint legal custody of my son and my son's mother won't let me see him?	Family Questions	Virginia
When does the SOL in CA start if I just received a garnishment from a collection agency from a debt? I just received a garnishment from a collection agency from a debt on a credit card that was charged off in 2007. When does the SOL in CA start? From the time of the charge off or the time the collection agency buys the debt from the creditor?	Consumer Questions	California
Do I have a case if a coke box ripped in the store and fell on my foot? Do I have a case if a coke box ripped in the store and fell on my foot?	Personal Injury Questions	Mississippi
Is a subpoena served via e-mail legal in California?  Is a subpoena served via e-mail legal in California? This is a civil case and the subpoena is for a witness who has nothing to add.	Family Questions	California
Are you still liable to pay the loan if you are on the mortgage only? if you are not on the promissory note, but you are on the mortgage, are you still liable to pay the loan?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is there anything we can do to keep the house at this point if our deceased mother didn't leave a will? My mother passed away on January 30, 2012. She left a house with a mortgage still on it, but she didn't leave a will or any type of paperwork for me or my siblings to keep the house, we are current on the payments. Is there anything we can do to keep the house at this point?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I call the mortgage company and try to make some changes are they able to take the house? My grandmother passed away and we have got my name on the deed for the house which is not paid off. The loan is still in her name. If I call the mortgage company and try to make some changes are they able to take the house?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I have any legal hope of recovering my money from my partner when we bought a house together? My partner and I bought a house together.  Even though we both invested our money, only her name is on the mortgage and deed.  Now we are on the verge of splitting up.  Do I have any legal hope of recovering my money?	Family Questions	Michigan
If something happens to my husband, will I still be able to take the house payments up? My husband and I brought a house in 2004. At the time we were not married but were are now, The deed is in both of our name but the loan is in his name. If something happens to him will i still be able to take the house payments up.	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do when a roommate is constantly smoking 24/7 and I don't like it? I have a roommate at my house who is smoking pot 24/7 and I don't like it, and I have asked her to stop, and she won't.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question regarding Restraint of trade issue? Sears will not sell a particular oven control board to a consumer without the consumer having to rely upon a sears service technician to remove the device and replace it. A small business appliance repair business can not get access to the board. Is this not a restraint of trade issue?	Consumer Questions	Florida
/questions/9b9de3ec96/question-regarding-if-the-tattoo-artist-was-not-up/

Is it legal in CA to work for a private school and not be on the payroll or pay taxes but instead of wages receive free tuition for your children at the private school?  Is it legal in CA to work for a private school and not be on the payroll or pay taxes but instead of wages receive free tuition for your children at the private school?  If it is not legal, to whom can you report this to b/c the "teacher" is not officially on payroll, nor the employer or employee pays taxes, workman's comp, SS, etc? The part time Drama teacher has received free tuition for 13 yrs for her 2 children at a private for profit school. She nor the employer pay any taxes. Is this trade/barter legal? Or are they violating tax laws by avoiding paying taxes?  Tuition for a paying child is approx $11,000.00 per year and she has 2 children enrolled for 13 and 10 years.  Thank you	Employment Questions	California
How long should it take for my lawyer to negotiate a settlement case? I have a case that settled 3 month ago. My lawyer told me the hospital has a lean on the case and he's negotiating them to lower the surgery cost. It's 3 month. Should it take this long?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
What's going to happen if I got a ticket for driving on a suspended licence with knowledge I got a ticket for driving on a suspended license with knowledge in Hillsborough county Florida.  I have to appear in court.  What is going to happen?	Criminal Questions	Florida
How far back are employers in Illinois allowed to go when doing a criminal background check? How far back are employers in Illinois allowed to go when doing a criminal background check?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can the company not pay portal to portal pay to the employee when sent on jobs? If you are provided a company vehicle to a technician, that you take home each night. Can the company not pay portal to portal pay to the employee when sent on jobs?Example: Went from San Francisco to Sacramento as the last job of the day. It is a 2 hour commute back to SF where I live. Do they have to pay me for driving back to my home where I park my vehicle each night. No personal time can be used driving the vehicles per company policy.	Employment Questions	California
Can my Dad qualify for a US visa if he lives in Mexico and has Land and bank account under his name? Can my Dad qualify for a US visa if he lives in Mexico and has Land and bank account under his name?	Immigration Questions	California
Can I back out of my own sale? I sold my house and the closing date is set for April 30, 2012. Can I back out of sale?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the law against bullying in New York What is the law against bullying in new york state? My cousin's five-year-old son has physical injuries as a result of ongoing bullying in Marion, NY. The police told her there is no law against bullying because the child who assaulted her has been bullying him is under 15 years old.	Criminal Questions	New Jersey
Do we have any recourse if my son got hurt at my house cutting down a tree and the homeowners will only pay $2000? My son got hurt at my house cutting down a tree. I am told by my homeowners  that they will only pay 2000. Do we have any other recourse?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
I have lived with and cared for my 81 year old mother for 4 years. My question is can my siblings make me move out of her house when she passes away?	Family Questions	Texas
What liability concerns should I be aware of, particularly with children? I'm giving an assembly program about mental illness to audiences of high school (age 13-18) and middle school (age 10-13) students.  As part of the program we are encouraging students to start mental health clubs, and I am giving them an e-mail address to contact me with questions.  What liability concerns should I be aware of, particularly with children? How can I protect myself from legal liability?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
Anything I can do to save my home if my home is on the county auction list this month for back taxes? I live in Michigan. My home is on the county auction list this month for back taxes. Is there anything I can do to save my home?	Tax Questions	Michigan
Transfer ownership of property to kin Our parents would like to transfer ownership of their home in Florida to their children now prior to paying off their home which they have five years left to pay.	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
Legal if I have a thrift store and partnered with a nonprofit and collected clothing donations? I am starting a thrift store and partnering with a nonprofit and will be donating 10% or more of my proceeds to the non-profit organization. I have collected clothing donations. I am in Texas. Is this legal?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Texas
Can an employer withhold a portion of a paycheck for not turning in paperwork on time? Can an employer withhold a portion of a paycheck for not turning in paperwork on time?	Employment Questions	California
What can I do for shutting of water in the apartment? My landlord shut off the water with only 48 hours verbal notice, even though the water is included in the lease and $50 dollars of the $1,150 we pay is for water.  What action can I take?	Leasing Questions	California
Is it legal to fire brother for being drugged on break at work? My brother was drugged and resulted in a trip to the hospital. He was on break at his work when he was drugged and he also got fired. Is that legal?	Criminal Questions,Employment Questions,Personal Injury Questions	New York
Do employers need to provide dry cleaning for employees required to wear uniforms? Do employers need to provide dry cleaning for employees required to wear uniforms in NY state?	Employment Questions	New York
Standard procedure for told that the insurance of the garage should provide legal if we are not their clients? Good evening. Thank you for your assistance. We took our car to a mechanic for 60000 miles maintenance. When they test drove the car, they caused an accident and they hit a car and caused personal injuries to a third party. Now we are being sued because we are the owner of the vehicle involved in the accident. Our insurance will not represent us because the car was in the possession of a garage and they have their own policy. They told us that the insurance of the garage should provide legal representation even if we are not their clients. To me, it sounds strange that I would be defended by a party against which I may have future litigation because my car is still not fixed. Is that a standard procedure? We are located in Florida.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Do I have to pay the monthly charge for a 3-day free trial when I never canceled? I did a 3 day free trial on a website on the Internet. I took a few minutes just to see what they had to offer, which was nothing, so I never used it again. I also never cancelled. The only info they have is my cell phone since I used a bogus credit card. Now I'm get calls and text regarding a monthly charge. Do I have to pay this?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
What are some typical terms in a convertible note?	Corporate Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
During my 1/2 lunch break can my supervisor talk to to me about a business matter? I live in Idaho. During my 1/2 lunch break can my supervisor talk to to me about a business matter?	Employment Questions	Idaho
What's the law regarding lunch if the company clocks us out even if we're still working? My company keeps clocking us out for lunch 12-1 even if we're still working. Sometimes we don't get a lunch and are still docked the hour for a lunch we worked through. The company says the law says our time cards need to show a lunch. What's the law regarding lunch. Our business is mobile and appointment based and some jobs take longer than others.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
If I hand in my notice this week with a 2 week notice will they make me pay the relocation fees? I currently have to pay back the relocation fees I incurred moving to California. The company made me sign a letter which stated that if I handed my notice within a year I would be liable for the payment. My year anniversary is March 17th. If I hand in my notice this week with a 2 week notice will they make me pay the relocation fees?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
After an auto accident are all medical bills paid by the insurance of the person at fault? After an auto accident are all medical bills paid by the insurance of the person at fault?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
How do I file for a divorce if I am unaware of his whereabouts and he's unwilling to sign the documents? I recently became aware that my husband who abandoned me in October is expecting a child this month. How do I file for a divorce on these grounds if I am unaware of his whereabouts and he is unwilling to sign the documents?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What can I do if my former roommate won't pick up his car from my property? I threw my roommate out for personal reasons about 3 months ago. He left his car. I've told him several times to come for it and no response. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	California
If my name is not on a shared rental agreement am I obligated to pay rent if I am staying there? If my name is not on a shared rental agreement am I obligated to pay rent if I am staying there?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I get custody of my children if their mother has created an unstable environment? Can I get custody of my children if their mother has created an unstable environment?	Family Questions	New York
How to remove person from lease? How can I remove someone from my lease?	Leasing Questions	Pennsylvania
How do we decide fairly about the assets division? I've been married for 23 years, we have a 21 years old son, two houses, one home base business, ( one house is on both of us names, and a rental property only on my wife's name, the business is also on her name ).We both want the house we live in, although my wife probably wants both plus the business.How do we decide fairly about the assets division?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Possible to garnish his wages and get the money he owes me, or maybe even sell the settlement? I have a small claims lawsuit that was ruled in my favor back in 2007 for just under $4 grand. Unfortunately, I don't know what I can do to make the person pay me. He moved to New Jersey, but I have his contact information and address. Is it possible to garnish his wages and get the money he owes me, or maybe even sell the settlement (even though I've never received payments)?!	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
After completing the "financial power of Attorney" does that make my husband responsible for all his ANY of his past and present debit? My husband has a father in Utah in a nursing home and we live in Colorado. They are asking my husband to get Financial Power of Attorney for his father because he needs to be on his father's bank account while his father is in the nursing home. Reason why is his father cannot get Medicaid until we have his bank account $2000 or under. After completing the "financial power of Attorney" does that make my husband responsible for all his ANY of his past and present debit?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Legally binding If my husband had our divorce papers notarized without me present? If my husband had our divorce papers notarized without me present (or me knowing) are they legally binding?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can a landlord deposit your rent then evict you before you even move in? Can a landlord deposit your rent then evict you before you even move in?	Real Estate Questions	California
What actions can I take when someone forged my name on a release to my interest on a mobile home? What actions can I take when someone forged my name on a release to my interest on a mobile home?	Real Estate Questions	California
Am I liable for remaining child support if pay reduced by disability? If I slipped and fell at work and was on disability for 5 months and was only getting 60% of my normal pay from disability and I am still paid my child support but only paid 75% of the normal court ordered amount, am I liable for the balance?	Family Questions	California
Is it a transverse liability if I bumped my head on a bug zapper at a grocery store? I bumped my head on a bug zapper at a grocery store and it somehow is a transverse liability but it was around the corner and not noticeable even though it was bolted to the wall. What do you think?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Why doesn't grand larceny law apply to pay day loans high interest fees? Why doesn't grand larceny law apply to pay day loans high interest fees? I have a title loan for 2500.00 annual %95.876  41 payments @212.03. total 8,906.74 . Bookies get arrested for less there's gotta be usery law something	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How do I go about getting an Attorney to get a custody order signed by the Judge so I could take care of her on Saturday and Sunday? My wife left and took our 10 month old baby & will only let me see her at her moms house in Kuna, Idaho. She will not let me take her over to our house in Kuna where I live with my parents. How do I go about getting an Attorney to get a custody order signed by the Judge so I could take care of her on Saturday and Sunday? I will need to get an affordable Attorney to file for a Divorce also. Could you please respond to my question at tjconleys@q.com. My name is Cody Conley.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Idaho
What's the best way to pass on a home? What's the best way to pass on a home?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
What options do we have if a neighbor has installed a light that  disrupting our ability to open our windows? I have a neighbor who last October installed a light on his garage that is the rivals any beacon in Las Vegas!   It lights up the entire side of my home and 1/4 of my back yard and my next door neighbor neighbor has the same light shining upon his home.   This has been disrupting our  ability to open our windows and enjoy the Spring, and Summer air and during the evening I often work into the night and cannot.   What options do we have? Donna	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Is doing 80 hours for 4 years but getting part-time benefits wrong? Is doing 80 hours for 4 years but getting part time benefits wrong?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Who should pay for the supervisory service which runs from $40 to $70 per hour if my ex wife is bi-polar and I have full custody of my sons?   My ex wife is bi-polar & I have full custody of my two sons. She pays no child support & the weekly visitations are to be supervised, per court order. Who should pay for the supervisory service which runs from $40 to $70 per hour?   Thank you, Darren.	Family Questions	California
Legal if I was never asked of giving the option of lease renewal? I live in Fort Myers Florida, I have been renting a 4 brd apartment for $1100.00 since Feb of 2010. My original lease expired in Feb 2011, but my original landlords were foreclosed on. in July of 2011.  A new owner bought the property, but they never initiated a discussion of lease renewal. Yesterday, June 30, I received a letter from them informing that because I am on a month to month lease and my rent will be increased by $200.00 effective August 1st 2012. I was never asked of giving the option of lease renewal. Is this legal? What can I do? I like the place and would very much like to stay, but a $200.00 INCREASE IS OUT OF MY BUDGET.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How do I go about filing a suit against my company as I feel there is racial discrimination taking place? I have worked for a company for 2 years. Now and I feel there is racial discrimination taking place. How do I go about filing a suit against them?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is it still possible to collect if my ex didn't help with child support? my ex didn't help with child support. Is it still possible to collect?	Family Questions	Michigan
If a couple is legally married, can the husband who earns the paycheck keep all the money out of the wife? If a couple is legally married, living in the same home, can the husband who works and earns the paycheck legally keep all the money out of the stay at home wife/mother of 3 hands?  The husband controls all the money and demands that the wife asks for money if she needs it. Is this legal?	Family Questions	California
I received my first traffic ticket. What do I do? I live in NYS & I have never even received a traffic ticket until the other day when I was issued a UPM. It's my first time ever receiving any penal arrangement. What do I do? I'm 18 years old.	Criminal Questions	New York
What do I do if my husband and I were separated for 10 years but wants me to pay something since he is jobless? My husband and I have been separated for almost 10 years now and he has filed for divorce. When we were together he was able to work but kept quitting his jobs. Now that he has moved on and is with another woman, he wants me to pay him something because he is no longer able to provide for himself. I don't feel that that is right. What do I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What do you do when you work 109 hours in a period of 2 weeks and only get paid for 72 hours? What do you do when you work 109 hours in a period of 2 weeks and only get paid for 72 hours?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What to do if I've been at place for more than 5 years and landlord trying to evict me? What to do if I've been at place for more than 5 years and landlord trying to evict me?	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if we're afraid my husband's sister-in-law will put our mother in nursing home after gaining POA? My husband's sister-in-law has power of attorney of his mother. I'm afraid she wants to put her in a nursing home for no reason. Can my husband and I fight this? She is divorcing her husband the other son.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Lost revenue due to a vendors inferior product/service I am self employed. I earn $200 per day. A vendor that supplies a alcohol breathalyzer for my only vehicle has forced me to lose $1000 in lost income n the past 14 months & may possibly lose a client due to an inferior product that has kept me side lined since the 7 Jan. 2012 while the company sends me another unit or fixes the "brain." Can I seek lost wages from this company?	Commercial Questions,Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Does custodial parent's holiday agreement override other parent's visitation? I'm the custodial parent and the custody agreement gave me a day from the other party's weekend. Does my holiday agreement over ride his visitation day?	Family Questions	New York
Do I have to comply with my ex's demands if he changes our son's pick-up day and time through him? My 10-year-old child has a set visitation schedule with his father. His father and I don't communicate, so he talks directly to our son and changes his pick-up day and time. Do I have to comply with his demands?	Family Questions	Michigan
How do I get my property back from my ex-wife? My wife divorced me over a year ago. She kept everything and won't give me my property. She says everything is hers. How do I get my property back?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can my son adjust his status if he is in the US and just got his green card? My son is about to get his green card from NATIONAL VISA CENTER. He is in the US. Can he apply for adjusting status?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
What are the requirements to get a work permit for Obama's new law? What are the requirements to get a work permit for Obama's new law?	Immigration Questions	Oklahoma
What is the legal age to move out on your own in the state of Washington? What is the legal age to move out on your own in the state of Washington? Especially when the home you are living in now is worrying you about your own mental Heath?	Family Questions	Washington
What should I do when I go back to my country if I had a baby and I'm on a visitor's visa? I'm here on a visitor's visa for six months. I had a baby here. What should I do when I go back to my country? Will I be in trouble?	Immigration Questions	New Mexico
Is my sister-in-law liable for half the bill? My wife shared a vacation to Japan with her sister. Hotel arrangements were made and one hotel was booked by mistake and costs over $7000 for 3 days. Though my wife booked the wrong hotel they both knew before they got to the hotel what it was going to cost. They both stayed for the entire stay and used all the services. My sister-in-law refuses to pay half the bill saying she did not make the booking mistake, is she liable for half the bill? They both stayed the entire time and had a verbal agreement to split expenses in half.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Are pay cards an approved way of paying employees in the State of Utah?  Are  pay cards an approved way of paying employees in the State of Utah?  We are an Arizona contracting company bidding jobs in Utah.  For our employees who do not have auto deposit for their payroll, are pay cards an acceptable form of payment to avoid a hard check?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is CVS liable for the negligence or do we have a case? My mother is an Alzheimer's patient and I always refill her medication at CVS in Duarte, CA.  I refilled her ativan last week, to my surprise the caregiver said that she didn't give my mother her dose of Ativan because the pills looks weird.  I went to CVS and wanted to confirm if this is indeed the right medication.  Sure enough, they said that they made a mistake in dispensing the medication.  They apologize and gave me $25 dollars gift card.  Do you think CVS is liable for this kind of negligence or do we have a case?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is there a chance of me receiving unemployment after being fired after 13 years? Is there a chance of me receiving unemployment after being fired after 13 years?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Does my husband need to be there when I file and get it notarized? I'm filing for divorce. My husband signed the papers but we don't have any assets. Does he need to be there when I file and get it notarized?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my ex wife keep access from me by email or telephone contact? Can my ex wife keep access from me by email or telephone contact?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Is there a statute code against unemployment termination? I was terminated from my job, sent a termination letter, then the employer documented in writing, that I voluntarily resigned. They never denied me unemployment benefits. Is there a MA statute code against this type of behavior?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What are the laws on pools during home sales? Is there a law that requires a pool to be maintained during and before a home sells? I'm buying a home on short sale and it's been vacant for almost two and half years. The pool is green with fish living in it. Should it be up to code before sale is complete and who is liable?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I anonymously report to the IRS?  My landlord takes rent in cash and does not report it to the IRS and I'm moving. Can I report her anonymously to the IRS?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is there a way to gift an auto to a needy person? Is there a way to gift an auto to a needy person that you know (not a gifting center) and get a tax deduction?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
Can a person under 18 rent without being emancipated? Can a person under the age of 18 rent in the state of Illinois without being emancipated?	Real Estate Questions	Nebraska
Does a person convicted on lewd and lascivious act on a child be punished for their acts? does a person convicted on lewd and lascivious act on a child be punished for their acts?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Possible way to get a 22-year-old guy less time in jail if he had revealing pics of a minor? I was dating this guy as he's 22 and I'm 15 going on 16. Well we got caught and they now have his phone which does not have not good pictures of myself. I go to court August 1st to give my deposition. Is there any possible way to help him get less time or anything better then what hes has been offered? I want nothing to do with him. I just want him to be out of jail and to be in his kid's life .	Criminal Questions	Florida
Question about an LLC entity agreement? I am in a 50/50 LLC entity with agreement. My partner set up separate business bank account and moved $25K funds from our LLC to the bank account without my knowledge and consent while I am out of town on a 3-month vacation. Her reason is she is doing all the work while I am on vacation. We agreed before I left that I would pay for help for her from my draw plus $1000/mo. compensation for her extra work. Any draw she takes above this, I will also be compensated for work on projects I did before & will do after my return. This was verbal agreement. I do not agree with $25K additional draw from agreement she took out in a new bus acct she set up.  Can she legally do this? If not, what are my options?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	35
Is there any way to contest a laser speed gun? I recently got a speeding ticket in Commerce City Colo.  At the time I was having a medical issue that could not have been anticipated.  To make matters worse I was in a school zone.  I was told that I was caught with a laser speed gun.  Is there any way to contest a laser speed gun?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
How long do you have to collect payment from a company in Florida?  How long do you have to collect payment from a company in Florida? In Illinois, it is 10 years.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
There is an agreement to rent storage space at a certain monthly fee due within the starting seven days of each month. The renter pays the owner the money timely. It's private property. What if the owner alters lock and key after initially lending both to the renter?	Leasing Questions	California
What type of legal document do I need to be prepared to show the court for my child support case? My ex husband and I have agreed that my child support is satisfied.  What type of legal document do I need to be prepared to show the court?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Legal for my husband to leave me with the bills if divorce isn't finalized yet? My husband has filed for divorce. He just moved out of house and left me with house & bills. I'm a stay-at-home mom and have been for 13 years. is it legal for him to do this if divorce isn't finalized yet?	Family Questions	California
What can I do to modify my visitation and or get custody of my daughter? My 6 year old daughter was taken to Mexico by her mother without my permission I have court ordered visitation that she violated my daughter has been transferred out of school and I have no way of contacting her mother and no idea of where she lives I had a sheriff escort me to the last known place of residency and the sheriff was told that she is in Mexico what can I do to modify my visitation and or get custody of my daughter? Do I have a case ?	Family Questions	California
What will be my obligations to my wife and the child who isn't mine? I'm getting divorced from woman I brought from London, England. She has 4 kids. On is still under the age of 18, but none of the kids are mine. We have been married 8 years.  What will be my obligations to her and the child? She left me in March of 2011.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can a tenant be off the lease if gone for more than 30 days?

 If a tenant is gone for more than 30 days from their apartment can they be taken off the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Is it legal to fire someone over the phone? Is it legal to fire someone over the phone?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What can I do if the mother of my child won't let me see him? I have a four year old son which I haven't seen I the past few years because my son's mother won't let me see him. What can I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Who is legally responsible for the cost of the window's replacement if a golf ball bounces? In California Law, if I pull a golf ball on a golf public course and it bounces off a tree and breaks the window of a house adjoining said golf course, who is legally responsible for the cost of the window's replacement?I assume the people who have purchased property alongside a golf course have insurance to cover such events that are common among recreational golfers (hitting out of bounds), especially when the act of is not negligent.	Personal Injury Questions	California
Is it legal to be refused a raise for absentee even if doctor notes were provided? Is it legal to be refused a raise for absentee even if doctor notes were provided?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If the absent Father is leaving to Military what steps should we take before Fathers leaves? If the absent Father is leaving to Military what steps should we take before Fathers leaves?	Family Questions	California
Is there any way to gain custody without the parents' approval when they're not willing to sign over custody? I have been caring for a baby since Christmas with little or no help from his parents.  He's almost 5 months old.  The parents are not willing to sign over custody.  Is there any way to gain custody without their approval?  The parents and child are not related to me.  I didn't even know the parents before taking the baby.  They asked me through a family member whom they know.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What rights do I have after being removed from my position? A few months ago our company was bought out. A few weeks in my department manager job was taken from me and given to an employee from another store (This woman was the wife of another manager that was also placed in our store). I was told by our new GM that she had better things for me and to be patient. In the meantime, I have been doing grunt work and used as a floater-some days as management, some does not. It has now been 3 months and I was just told there is not position for me and I will remain a floater. I have been with the company about 15 years and have no disciplinary reports in my file. What rights do I have?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can a bank take over my mortgage from another bank and change it to a consumer loan? Can a bank take over my mortgage from another bank and change it to a consumer loan with out my authorization?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can a credit card company use a local attorney to sue me in the magistrates court?  Can a credit card company use a local attorney to sue me in the magistrates court? Can they get a wage garnishment or lien on my house? The credit card debt is $11000 and is in my name only. The house is joint ownership  and will the garnishment be least expensive way out? So far they have only offered to settle for 50%. If they get a garnishment and the debt is still there can they sue me more?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can I get unemployment as the reason why I was fired are all lies? I just got fired after 1 year of employment. Can I get unemployment as the reason why I was fired are all lies? I believe I was set up and I can prove it.	Employment Questions	California
Who actually owns the fence if it was put up many years ago when the land was a horse pasture?  We just bought a new home.  There was a fence on one property line.  Who actually owns that fence if it was put up many years ago when the land was a horse pasture?  The property is in Ohio.	Real Estate Questions	California
Am I entitled to know the tenant's personal information?  I'm using a property management company in Las Vegas to take care of an out of state home I'm renting out. Am I entitled to know the tenants personal information? (SS#, employment etc)	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it illegal to file a uninsured motorists claim when the vehicle was insurance under a different insurance? Is it illegal to file a uninsured motorists claim when the vehicle was insurance under a different insurance?	Personal Injury Questions	Oklahoma
What's limitation on frivolous lawsuit?  What is the limitation on filing for recovery of expense when the plaintiff is proven to have filed a frivolous lawsuit in the finding of facts by the Judge?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
How many days does an employer have to pay you? How many days does an employer have to pay you?	Employment Questions	California
How long do you have to file a suit for a medical malpractice? How long do you have to file a suit for a medical malpractice?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
Is it okay for a defense against an eviction if I asked the owner for payment arrangement? Is it okay for a defense against an eviction if I asked the owner for payment arrangement?	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I need to hire a real estate attorney if I would like to do a short sale on a rental house in AZ?  Do I need to hire a real estate attorney if I would like to do a short sale on a rental house in AZ? Will that effect other property I have in that states or others?	Real Estate Questions	California
Legal for the work schedule to be really late? My employer always waits til the last minute to give out schedules for the following workout week (usually sat night or Sunday). However this week it's now Monday at 12:15pm business opens at 5 pm and we still have yet to receive our weekly schedule. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	California
Question regarding my daughter working at a restaurant and a coworker locking her in the cooler? My daughter works at a local well known big restaurant just the other night a coworker locked he in the beer cooler on purpose not just for a min.  for over a half an hour turning off on and off the lights. She was terrified, this was on video would she have a case against the well known restaurant?	Personal Injury Questions	Minnesota
When does the employer have to pay the final check after being fired? When does the employer have to pay the final check after being fired when on a commission base?	Employment Questions	California
If I am in the middle of a PIP lawsuit can I move out of state? If I am in the middle of a PIP lawsuit can I move out of state?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Does the owner have to by law provide a dial tone in a house he rents out? Does the owner have to by law provide a dial tone in a house he rents out?	Real Estate Questions	California
What does vacating a family law case mean? What does vacating a family law case mean?	Family Questions	California
Since this is my first home purchase, should I have my documents reviewed by a Real Estate Attorney? Hi guys, I'm in the middle of purchasing a 2 bd/2ba condo in California as a private sale. The seller has asked that I provide a first draft of the sales agreement. I purchased a standard "Contract for Sale and Purchase of Real Estate with No Broker for Residential Home Sale Agreement" on uslegalforms.com. Since this is my first home purchase, should I have my documents reviewed by a Real Estate Attorney?	Real Estate Questions	California
If someone is pulled over for any reason while driving a friend's car in which they are not insured & this person that borrowed the car does not own a driver's license, what all happens?  In PA, if someone is pulled over for any reason while driving a friend's car in which they are not insured, (only the car owner is insured) & this person that borrowed the car does not own a driver's license, what all happens? (Does the car owner's license get taken away, their insurance taken away or insurance price raised up, etc.)	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal to give my SS card to my landlord? Do I need to give landlord a copy of social security card after providing The ssn on application along with copy of ID card? My potential landlord is asking for the ss card.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If I have been divorced for 10 years, can I get annulled? I have been legally divorced for over 10 years. Is there anyway at this point that I can have it totally annulled so that I can get married in a Roman Catholic Church?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
If my employer has me under contract that is supposed to be accompanied with a signed policies and procedures page and I've never signed the policies page, is my contract valid? If my employer has me under contract that is supposed to be accompanied with a signed policies and procedures page and I've never signed the policies page, is my contract valid?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can I sue for compensation for advertising their company  without consent? An advertisement of me losing 21 pounds in 18 days was posted on my Facebook account. It says that I used this product, but I never did. All of my friends can see me and know that I have not lost that much weight so im embarrassed and I never made the post but this company did. Can I sue for compensation for advertising their company  without consent?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Is an email still considered a form of contract? In the process of beginning a contract, if an email is the means of communication and the party does not receive the email of acceptance to the contract offer, is the contract still considered formed?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Legal for my work to tell me to return or they start the termination process? If I had back fusion surgery in 12/11 & have not been medically cleared by my doctor to return top work, is it legal for my employer to tell me to return to work or they will start the termination process?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Contract Law My husband was in a independent contracting/lease purchase position with a trucking company.  They terminated his contract & took back the truck he was leasing-to-own for an accident that he was in which he was not at fault or ticketed. They have a truck maintenance escrow fund that he has put over $17,000.00 into/ They are refusing to pay him this money.  I cannot find anywhere in the contract where it says he forfeits this money to the company.  What can we do and where do we start?	Contract Questions,Finance Questions,Leasing Questions	Alabama
If a consumer enters a 3 year home alarm agreement, can they cancel after 2 years with no penalty? If a consumer enters a 3 year home alarm agreement, can they cancel after 2 years with no penalty?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Do I take our neighbors to court for the money they owe us?
 While living in Colorado, my neighbor's $1350.00 and they said they will have my money back in two weeks. This happened  in July 2011. In the mean time we sold our house and moved to Florida. We left Colorado in October 2011 and since then they will not answer the phone or call us back. Before we left CO she wrote us a check for full amount but left date blank and said to wait for three days before we try to cash it. When we went to bank to cash it bank manager told us that account from that check was inactive for couple years. My question is if I do take them to court? Does that mean that I have to fly back to CO or is it possible to do it from here or even give my POA to someone in CO? Thank You. Rose Ginter	Family Questions,Finance Questions,Tax Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Legal for my paycheck to be garnished for a debt that is no longer  on my credit report? Is it legal for my paycheck to be garnished for a credit card debt that is no longer  on my credit report?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Unmarried mom with no child support: Can biological dad claim her on taxes? I am an unmarried mother who does not receive child support. The father doesn't live with us but is on the birth certificate. Can he claim her on his taxes?	Finance Questions	Alabama
Can medicare ever attach your assets? Can medicare ever attach your assets?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Is the policy legal? A provision: "Failure to Give Possession" states that "If Lessor cannot provide possession of the Premises to Lessee at the starting date of possession, Lessor shall not be liable for any damages to Lessee, but Lessee will not start payment of rent until Lessor delivers possession of the premises."  However, the lessee is demanding full payment of the rent (one week home rental) 60 days in advance of the rental.  Thus, this provision appears to give the lessee the right to not provide possession of the rental property, even though full payment has already been made.  Is this policy/provision legal?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
If I don't know where my husband is, am I still able to file for divorce if we've been separated for a year? If I don't know where my husband is, am I still able to file for divorce if we been separated for almost a year?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal in CA if we do not have a policy that requires only English to be spoken in the workplace? Is this legal in California? we do not have a policy that requires only English to be spoken in the work place. Employees may speak in languages other than English at work when NECESSARY. Employees are required to know English, therefore it should not be necessary to speak  languages other than English. Those that are multilingual need to be sensitive to co workers that speak only English, and not speak in front of others in a foreign language. If you work in an open area, such as the area surrounding our lobby, it is expected that your personal conversations would be at a minimum, so take them somewhere else. It is acceptable to have personal conversations in a foreign language, in a private office or conference room. Otherwise it is disruptive.	Employment Questions	California
Can repo claim that if do not return, I'll be charged me with felony charge cause I was disabled and didn't pay? I reside in PA. I have not paid my car for several months because I got hurt and I receiving short term disability from my job. A repo or call investigated claim that if I do not return the car to him he for charge me with felony charge. Can they do that?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my 13-year-old son legally see without supervisor? I need advice concerning supervised visits. My children are 13 and 10. my son, who is 13, does not want to see me with supervisor, can he legally  [age} see me without supervisor?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Is it possible for me to have custody of my child if I do not yet have a place of my own to live? Is it possible for me to have custody of my child if I do not yet have a place of my own to live?	Family Questions	California
Legal if my mom isn't using the child support I received from my father for my education? I am 18 my father has paid child support to my mother since I was 3,I moved out last year when I was 17. I was going to finish school online and my mom told me she would pay for it with the child support I finished one month and she told me the child support had stopped and I had to drop out of school. I just found out that she is still to this day getting over $1000 a month for me for child support but won't help with school and is keeping it all for her. Is there anything I can do? Is that legal?	Family Questions	Missouri
Do I need any other permits in Georgia if I have a business license for my Apartment Locating business?  I have a business license for my Apartment Locating business. Do I need any other permits for the state of Georgia?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What can I do if a friend owes me a lot of money and won't pay back $78,800? What can I do if a friend owes me a lot of money and won't pay back $78,800?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
How long until I am hired or fired? I work as an independent contractor for a large company in PA. I got the job through an employment agency. I get no benefits. How long until I am hired or fired?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Rental contract that is past due. I have a rental contract for electronics and I have only two payments left that I am behind on. They are threatening to file stolen property charges on me. Can they do this with only two payments left?	Consumer Questions	Texas
How to copyright Beatles photographs if unsure whether already copyrighted? I recently acquired, some original photographic positive transparencies, of the Beatles at the Ed Sullivan Show. I would like to copyright these photos. I don't know who the photographer is and I'm not sure if these photos have been copyrighted. I have searched the public records, with the U.S, copyright office, and I was not able to find anything regarding these Beatles images.I also researched online etc. I would be grateful to locate someone who can help me.	Copyright Questions	California
Can I collect the union retirement awarded to me through my divorce with ex-husband? Can I collect the union retirement awarded to me through my divorce with ex-husband?	Family Questions	California
I need a power of attorney for mother-in-law.  I found out she has a middle initial on driver's license and middle name on Medicare card. Which name should we use?	Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
What advice would you give me for my father who was terminated from his job and his home? My father worked as a super for 5 years with rent free apt. He was given two weeks notice of termination of his job and told he had to vacate the apt. Both he and my mother are senior citizens. My mother is disable. They have no were to go. What advice would you give me?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Can my wife be terminated at Amazon because of the association to me or would that fall under a protected status? I worked for Amazon.com and was fired in 2010 because I was caught stealing.  It was a pretty big case and I ended up with probation.  My wife (we weren't married when this happened) is set to start working for Amazon in a few weeks.  Can she be terminated because of the association to me or would that fall under a protected status?	Employment Questions	Nevada
Questions pertaining to contract termination My contract with another company was terminated due to breach nine days into a pay cycle. Can the other withhold the  payment for those nine days?	Contract Questions	Minnesota
What to do if nobody will help me fix my house? I bought a home from Payless home in Wesley Chapel, FL. I have been trying to get someone to come out and do repairs on the home ever since we moved in and the manufacturer of the home said do it and the seller said they are not the ones to do it. I have been trying to fix my house for almost a year now. I need to know what to do about this. I am getting tired of fighting with them now please tell me what to do.	Consumer Questions	Georgia
How to break my lease with undesirables in the apartment? I signed a one-year Lease in Illinois for an apt. w/ a friend. She brought in friends which were detrimental to my mental and physical well-being. I am working two jobs and attending college. These "undesirables" caused me to be unable to be attentive to my studies which affected my grades.  It is in my best interest to move out immediately, and I am trying to break my Lease.  I have a mental disability, and these situations I was put in have caused me additional pain. This is a difficult situation for an eighteen-year old trying to make something of herself. Did I mention this one particular "undesirable" who stayed there w/ my roommate did not pay rent and was not on the Lease? I tried several times to talk with the Landlord with no luck.	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
Is it legal for our apartment manager to refuse our early move after signing papers? My husband and I are trying to get out of our year lease due to the fact that we unhappy with our living conditions and complaints from neighbors. We reached an agreement with our apartment manager and have signed paperwork stating that we could leave etc. On the same day as we reached an agreement they decided to change their mind and are now not letting us move out early. Is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	California
How to register a complaint and be paid for the last two days I worked? On Tuesday evening April 10th my employer went out of business (I think through a bank take over).  We were paid for the week before but have been told that we would not be paid for April 9 & 10th.  I want to know how to register a complaint and be paid for the last two days I worked.Joan Weber (joanwbr@yahoo.com)	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I self file for divorce? I have been separated since July 1993 and I am just now filing for divorce. My children are all adults so there will be no child support or custody issues. There are no assets or debts in the marriage. There will be no contesting from either party. Can I self file or do I need a lawyer?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
I want to set up multiple companies under the same umbrella. How do I set up a S-Corp OR C-Corp if I am the only person running the business? How can I set up multiple businesses that I own as subsidiaries of each other but keep them as separate entities, like Citigroup does?	Corporate Questions	Virginia
How can I obtain a copy of a lease for proof of address? I went to court to have my support order stopped because my son has his own place and I have his address, but his mother said he still lives with her and that's not true. He won't come to court. How can I obtain a copy of his lease to prove his proof of address? I live in DC and they live in WV.	Family Questions	District of Columbia
Can I get out of the contract if I bought a new car and was lied to about the sticker price? I bought a new car today and I was lied to about the sticker price. Can I get out the contract I signed?Wayne	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is the insurance company suppose to give me all the money and let me pay my own medical bills? I was in a car wreck and the person who was driving has insurance. Is the insurance company suppose to give me all the money and let me pay my own medical bills?	Personal Injury Questions	Missouri
Legal to use an image of Google Search as a desktop wallpaper? Is it legal to use an image of Google Search as a desktop wallpaper? Just for this use, nothing more.	Consumer Questions	Arizona
If my son broke his friend's television, what television do I owe her for: The original that my son broke OR the television that she replaced the original with? My son broke a 32" LCD flat screen television which belongs to a friend. She replaced it with a 40" LCD flat screen. What television do I owe her for? The original that my son broke OR the television that she replaced the original with?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Should I contact the law firm or the collection agency to negotiate the debt? I have a judgement placed against me from a collection agency that purchased a credit card debt.  The original debt which was a little over $8000.  Now, the debt has balloon to above $20,000 due to interest rate.  I was unsuccessful in negotiation of the debt which was sold numerous times.  Should I contact the law firm or the collection agency to negotiate the debt?	Finance Questions	North Carolina
Legal if the company wants its drivers to be on call without paying us to be on call with new cell phones? I drive trucks for a living.  My supervisor informed me, and all the other drivers in our department, that we all were going to receive new cell phones (with GPS). Along with the new cell phones comes a rule that we must take the phone home when not at work.  The phone costs $500 to replace, and I don't want to be responsible in case something happens to it.  Also, it sounds like the company wants its drivers to be "on call" without paying us to be "on call".  Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How to protect website/business idea? How to protect website/business idea?I want to bring in a website developer as a business partner since I can not afford to hire one but I am afraid of disclosing the idea because they may steal my idea.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Michigan
After a motion to clarify is deny how much time do we have to appeal? After a motion to clarify is deny how much time do we have to appeal?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Does 3 hours a day 4 days a week come under guidelines of FAPE? Does 3 hours a day 4 days a week come under guidelines of FAPE or is it a little extreme?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Will I be able to get an U.S. bank loan for my International business? I am an U.S. citizen. I want to start an International Business Corporation. I understand that by doing so, I will still need to pay taxes to the IRS even though my business will be operated entirely in another country. My question is this: Will I be able to get an U.S. bank loan for my International business?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
Do I have to pay corporations fee if I have not done any business? I obtained a business license last March for an LLC. I have not done any business this year, do I have to pay the corporations fee of $600 in California?	Business Internet Questions,Corporate Questions	California
If my uncle breaks my door down because I refuse to give him his personal property, is this breaking and entering? (The reason i didnt give him his stuff is because he came to my house at midnight, after beating the hell out of my 16 year old cousin.)	Criminal Questions	West Virginia
Can a real estate agent make financial predictions? Can a real estate agent make financial predictions?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Massachusetts
Is there a certain percentage an attorney is allowed to charge a client for representing them in a wrongful death lawsuit? None	Personal Injury Questions	Tennessee
What is the law regarding insurance coverage when leaving a job? I left a company that was offering health benefits. My wife went to the doctor the last week I was there. The company is refusing to cover it even though they took out a payment on my last check. What is the law regarding insurance coverage when leaving a job?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Can I put a lawsuit if I was working for a year and a half and I work overtime so many times but never got time and a half? Can I put a lawsuit if I was working for a year and a half and I work overtime so many times but never got time and a half?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Recourse if my partner removed by name as VP? I have a partner in a business and they changed the filings with the State of Florida by removing my name as Vice president. They then used those documents to remove me from the bank accounts. What is my recourse?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can one parent transfer a child support case out of state without the consent of the other parent? Can one parent transfer a child support case out of state without the consent of the other parent?	Family Questions	Michigan
How much time do you get for driving on a suspended license while on parole and getting in a accident? How much time do you get for driving on a suspended license while on parole and getting in a accident and causing great bodily harm to the passenger?And its my fifth felony.	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Question regarding joint legal custody and joint physical custody of my 2-year-old son with my ex? I have joint legal custody and joint physical custody (I am the custodial parent) of my 2 year old son with my ex. We were never married. I am not getting married in the near future to someone in the Navy stationed practically on the other side of the country. We currently live in Michigan but would need to move to San Diego, CA. Do courts allow my son to move with us there?	Family Questions	Michigan
I want to show clips of sea turtles in a video at a school. We will be getting these clips from YouTube and a website. Are there any copyright laws that I could possibly be breaking? I am in a rush and need a answer soon.
H	Copyright Questions	Florida
What percent of my income can be withheld by law if I owe back child support to my adult children? My children are both adults now and I owe back child support. What percent of my income can be withheld by law?	Family Questions	Georgia
Would I have to start paying my ex now if I made more income? I had been married for 16 years, divorced 8 years and receiving $200 in alimony a month. My ex now wants to stop the payments and claims that if he takes it back to court I would be responsible for his attorney fees if I made more income and the spousal support will be reversed. The final decision from the judge states that he continue paying.. till one of us passes away, I remarry, or til further of the court, whichever comes first. Would I have to start paying him now if I made more income? Would I be responsible for his attorney fees if he took me back to court? Could he stop the support payments?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How do I collect what is owed to me and how long do I have to collect on this judgment from 2005? I have a judgement against my ex-wife. How do I collect what is owed to me and how long do I have to collect on this judgment? It was set in 2005.	Family Questions	Florida
In a divorce matter, how do we serve someone when they are nowhere to be found?

 In a divorce matter, where one party who has been previously served is now nowhere to be found, how do we serve him?	Family Questions	California
Can I forbid family members from having contact with my daughter?  Hello,I am a single mother of my 7-year-old daughter.  She has a close relationship with my parents and my sister.  However, they interfere with my parenting tactics (i.e. bedtime routine, grounding her when she misbehaves, etc.).  Recently, my daughter had a temper tantrum and scratched me in the face.  I told my daughter that this is unacceptable behavior and locked her in her room.  My sister, who happened to be visiting at the time, told me that locking my daughter in her room was abuse and that she was going to call the police.  The police did arrive and left.  After that incident, I don't want my sister to have any contact with me or my daughter.  Legally, can I forbid family members from having contact with my daughter?  Thanks!	Family Questions	Michigan
Does my work pay for the month if they only accepted by two-week notice?
 If I gave a one month notice and the company only accepted 2 weeks, are they supposed to pay me for the month?  State is MA.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is it okay for me to keep my tips if I am one of the owners and work as a server? I am one of the owners of a restaurant and often work as a server also. Is it ok for me to keep my tips?	Employment Questions	California
What kind of taxes will I have to pay for my company if I register it in the States?  I am creating an online editing business where clients will send materials online, have a team of people work on them, and then pay for the edited version once they have been able to approve their initial documents. As an internet business, clients will be able to upload document from anywhere in the world and all payments will be based solely on the work carried out through the website. What kind of taxes will I have to pay for my company if I register it in the States? If I register an online company in a tax free zone, will I avoid paying taxes altogether, even though many of my clients may come from the States?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Illegal to have one worker have all 7 days on schedule with no days off?  is it illegal to have one worker have all 7 days on schedule with no days off? Also to have an employee (me) be there full time and be there longer than other fellow employees, and only get 3 to four days on schedule? i was promised more work days for the last 5 months and nothing was given to me. i have no benefits, no holiday pay even after a year of full time work.	Employment Questions	California
How much jail time can you get for illegal substance? How much jail time can you get for 4 grams of marijuana?	Criminal Questions	Florida
What to do if my boyfriend completed a job and hasn't gotten paid yet? My boyfriend completed a construction job over a week ago, and hasn't been paid for it yet. The homeowner is an elderly lady in a nursing home, and her house is up for sale. She signed a completion form on Fri., 3 days after completion of job, it was given to the people of the bank handling the transaction.The money that should be used to pay my b/f and his boss is still in their hands basically, they are saying "It has to go through HUD". What does that mean exactly? And why is it taking this long? It's Wed. and they had the completion form on Fri. Doesn't that seem odd that it's taking this long? What is your take on this?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I be charged with a felony battery even though it has been so long? I have one prior domestic battery eleven years ago and one battery on Leo six years ago. Can they charge me with a felony battery even though it has been so long?	Criminal Questions	Florida
If some company sends you a book that you didn't order, do you have to pay for it? If some company sends you a book that you didn't order, do you have to pay for it?They said they would send me the return  postage, but I have to drive 15 miles to a mail center to mail  it!	Family Questions	California
How do we see our grandchildren? My daughter refuses us visitation of our grandchildren because we had an argument. How can we see our grandchildren?	Family Questions	New Mexico
When buying a revenue is there another way for protection besides forming a company? When buying a revenue/rental property I have been told that you should form a company and buy it through this company to limit liability should your tenant decide to sue you personally.Is there another way to protect an owner besides forming a company?	Real Estate Questions	BC
Is there a way of having an Advocate to mediate in my sister's affair? I have a sister who has all her real estate and funds in the hands of our brother's wife (my sister-in-law).  My sister is now very sick, could hardly get up by herself and need help  even just going to the bathroom and to her dialysis 3xs week.  I have another sister who is willing to take her but I suggested that my sister in law should relinquish my sister funds to be used for her immediate needs.  Is there a way of doing this or have an Advocate to mediate in my sister's affair?  My sister-in-law and her children who have benefited from my sister all those years when she was strong and working are showing through their actions that my sister is a burden to them now.  What should we do???	Family Questions	California
What can I do if my wife won't let me pick up my things after we separated? My wife and I are separated. I am living with someone else.  I have asked my wife to let me pick up my things but  on 3 occasions she have not either respond or tell me she can't make it at that time and we both work. What can I do?	Family Questions	Florida
What state should my partner and I form the LLC in if we live in CA but is Internet-based? My partner and I both live in California.  We are starting an Internet-based business and want to form an LLC.  What state should we form the LLC in?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Need help getting a job and able to pay child support to see my baby? Need help! I'm 19 and my name is Ryan. No one in my family will help me and I owe child support. I don't have a job and child support is in the way of bettering my life. I can't get a job because I have a warrant. I can't pay and I never get to see my kid that the mother is telling people that she's not even mine. I want to be the bigger person an figure this out but she's a mean person never lets me see, talk, or go get her. I need someone to help me face to face and walk me though this. I'm short on money but helping me would help my family to... My email is killsh0t@me.com	Family Questions	Michigan
1) I open a business.
2) I develop software for it.
3) I sign a employee contract which includes a clause similar to the one in the question details section.
4) I no longer work for the company.

Is my business at risk? "Assignment of Inventions. I will make prompt and full disclosure to xxx, will hold in trust for the sole benefit ofxxx, and will assign exclusively to xxx all my right, title, and interest in and to any and all inventions, discoveries,designs, developments, improvements, copyrightable material, and trade secrets (collectively herein "Inventions") that I solely or jointlymay conceive, develop, author, reduce to practice or otherwise produce during my employment with xxx. I waive and quitclaimto xxx any and all claims of any nature whatsoever that I now or hereafter may have for infringement of any patent application,patent. or other intellectual property right relating to any Inventions so assigned to xxx."	Contract Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Washington
Legal for my daughter's boyfriend's uncle to refuse to give her son? My daughter was living with a boyfriend and his uncle, my daughter left due to tension in the household. Now the uncle refuses to give her my grandson and her personal property. Can he legally do this?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
If I have an accident with life injuries and the apartment complex is at fault, what is a good amount to charge on the lawsuit? If I have an accident with life injuries and the apartment complex is at fault, what is a good amount to charge on the lawsuit?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What's enough to get a warrant if the texts are abusive? My husband are I going though a divorce. I have printed out text messages he & I have texted. One text had a discussion was about were to pick up our kids. He didn't agree with what I wanted. Quote he text "go to hell. Then sun@6pm take it or leave it" end quote another text message states..quote " if mom can't meet your sorry ass "end quote. Is that enough to get a warrant?	Family Questions	Virginia
What should I do to initiate a divorce? What should I do to initiate a divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What is statute of limitations for suing if parties in different states? What is the statute of limitations to be sued?  We have an issue 4 1/2 years ago.  The other party just sent us a threatening letter "pay in 10 days or I'll see you in court".  We are in Oregon, the other party is in Idaho and is an attorney.	Legal Questions	Oregon
What to do if I was terminated from UPS for dishonesty but another employer did not get fired? I was terminated from UPS after 22 years for "dishonesty". This was a second offense. I have come to learn that another employee was discharged for the same reason but yet he is back to work and I am not.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal for a male foster parent/caregiver to shower with male foster child? Is it legal for a male foster parent/caregiver to shower with male foster child?	Family Questions	California
If I own a paid off vehicle, can it be taken away if I have debts due? If I own a paid off vehicle - can it be taken away if I have debts due?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is it a valid, enforceable contract? I had a verbal agreement with a Company I did business with regarding commissions I would earn on new business introduced to the Company. For about 18 months, I received the commissions based upon this verbal agreement. The Company then arbitrarily and unilaterally reduced the amount of my commission (I have in writing that this was NOT a negotiation), and then completely stopped paying even the lower commission amount, although they still do business and reap the benefits of this relationship. I contend this was 9 and is a valid, enforceable contract? Is it?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
How can you legally end a franchise contract when they have repeatedly abused it? How can you legally end a franchise contract when they have repeatedly abused it?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
My ex husband is threatening to come to my son's school to pick him up after school is over. Does he have to go with him? My 16 year old son doesn't want to spend time with his dad, (he is an alcoholic) he has not spent time with him in almost a year due to my ex husbands behavior and his drinking.  My ex husband is threatening to come to my son's school to pick him up after school is over, does he have to go with him?	Family Questions	Indiana
Is a notarized paper legal and binding and can my aunt get a title and sign it over to me? My aunt inherited my grandma's house. She put a mortgage against it then filed bankruptcy. She surrendered the house. A year later, she moved back into the house. She said they gave it back to her as long as she pays the taxes but she can't sell it, rent it or otherwise make a profit from it. She wrote a paper giving me the house and had it notarized. I checked with the county. There are no liens or judgements against it or her. But she says she can't get a title or they will start wanting the house back. Is that notarized paper legal and binding? Can she get a title and sign it over to me?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
What to do if boss is giving me an ultimatum to get certification for administration of dental anesthesia? I am a dental hygienist and one of my bosses told me he is now requiring me to get my certification for administration of dental anesthesia by April 2013 or I lose my job.  His partner was not aware of this note and told me he would not require it.  I only work there on Saturdays 6 hours. I would rarely use dental anesthesia in this practice (once a year or less) and would not feel comfortable using it this amount.  He said today he would not pay anything toward my expenses to take this course (cost is approximately $1000). I have worked there 10 years and have 24 years experience.  I cannot afford this. He said "that is not my problem." My MI license does not require dental anesthesia.	Employment Questions	Michigan
If I form a Delaware, Nevada, or Wyoming LLC solely for the purpose of owning real estate in Michigan, will I be required to register as a foreign LLC in Michigan? If I form a Delaware, Nevada, or Wyoming LLC solely for the purpose of owning real estate in Michigan, will I be required to register as a foreign LLC in Michigan?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	California
Are widowers allowed to receive money from their dead husband's accounts if they decide to re-marry? Are widowers allowed to receive money from their dead husband's accounts if they decide to re-marry?	Family Questions	California
Legal procedure for presiding judge to enter a support order on an open custody case not decided on yet?
 Michigan current child custody case, custody case file early 2012, after the mother got her court papers she file for child support.  My question then, is it legal procedure for presiding judge to enter a support order on an open custody case not decided on yet?	Family Questions	Michigan
What limitations exist under US law for selling my copyright to a foreign citizen?	Copyright Questions	California
What are my rights if my apartment building is in foreclosure?  What are my rights if my apartment building is in foreclosure? Do I still pay rent?	Real Estate Questions	California
Who gets possession of certain property in a divorce? My husband and I have been married for 6 1/2 long, sad years. We have 3 kids and he wants to leave and so do I. We have a lot of nice things that we bought together. If he leaves first and takes his clothes, does that mean I get to keep everything in the house?We also bought a car in which I put down the whole down payment and even paid a couple of the car notes and insurance. But my husband mostly paid them. Who will get the car.  That is the only car we have.	Family Questions	Georgia
Which order of court would a person follow: an order from custody court of 2009 or a permanent hearing order that is recent? Which order of court would a person follow: an order from custody court of 2009 or a permanent hearing order that is recent?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I trademark my logo worldwide? How do I trademark my logo worldwide?	Real Estate Questions	19
What can I do if my sister and I own the house and she wants our relatives to stay but I don't? I had my niece & her husband move in with my sister & I. I now want them to move out. My sister & I own the house. My sister doesn't want them to move out, so they won't leave. What can I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Am I obligated to sign the new paperwork? I signed a contracts for a Rv camper on 1/27/2012. Just looked over the paperwork and everything is dated 1/27/2011. The company still has the Rv camper. My current employer just cut my schedule in half so I am no longer making the income I was when I signed the contract. The place where I purchased the camper from called and asked if I could go in and sign new paperwork. Am I obligated to do so?	Finance Questions	Arizona
What is the Statute of Limitations for bodily injury? What is the Statute of Limitations for bodily injury?	Personal Injury Questions	Alabama
What is the appropriate legal entity to create if we have a development team in Poland? We are a startup SaaS business headquartered in the US (Delaware C-corp) with a development team in Poland, who until now have been independent contractors. We are considering establishing a Polish subsidiary and hiring these developers as employees. What is the appropriate legal entity to create (e.g., Sp. z.o.o., or S.A., or something else)? What are the factors to consider in choosing one type over another? What are other legal issues to consider in having a foreign subsidiary?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Illinois
What can I do if I tried evicting a tenant twice for non-payment of rent? I am trying to evict a tenant for non-payment of rent. I had him evicted once for the same thing. He said he would pay and now we're in the same situation again. He's not paying and he's causing problems in the house. What am I to do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What to do if I want to divorce, but he doesn't agree with it? What to do if I want to divorce, but he doesn't agree with it?	Family Questions	California
Is there a law about a renter not finding a place yet if they want us out? We are leasing a house and it's sold now. They want us out in three days. we have an elderly living with us, we have not found a place yet. Is there a law about a renter not finding a place yet? We need help on this.	Family Questions	California
How do I get another judge? How do I get another judge?	Family Questions	California
How do I leave in a way that allows me to move forward with a lawsuit? Employment law--I'm an RN with a perfect record, and a history of service excellence.  I am currently on a suspension without pay for unfounded reasons 90 days after reporting a HIPAA violation.  I want to leave my job!  I have already been offered position with another facility, but I plan to sue for retaliatory discrimination.  I'm on day 17 of this suspension, how do I leave in a way that allows me to move forward with a lawsuit?  I'm in California	Employment Questions	California
Hearsay and showing proof in J&D court? How do you go from "hear say" to show proof in J&D; court?	Family Questions	Virginia
Do you know of any place where we could find the latest changes in the law for people who volunteer with VITA--new tax treaties etc.?  I am with a group of volunteers with VITA (voluntary income tax assistance) that help international scholars file their US income tax. Do you know of any place where we could find the latest changes in the law for these people--new tax treaties etc.?  Any help you  could give us would be much appreciated. We are not in a position to pay anything as we are all volunteers.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
The buyer of my used vehicle is refusing to pay & is hiding the vehicle I sold a vehicle as is w/purchased agree for buyer to pay 500 a mo. for 4 months. He now refuses to pay me & is hiding the vehicle. what are my legal options in Oklahoma?	Consumer Questions	Oklahoma
If I allowed someone to get a service in my name and they didn't pay the bill, Can I take them to court? If I allowed someone to get a service in my name and they didn't pay the bill and now its in collection, Can I take them to court for the amount of the bill?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
What to do if a company will not live up to their contract? What to do if a company will not live up to their contract?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Do I automatically have to pay a reimbursement even if it's not my fault? Do I automatically have to pay a reimbursement of an auto claim even if it's not my fault and I had a witness stating I wasn't at fault and I didn't have insurance?	Criminal Questions	California
ROW rules for passing, repassing, and parking restrictions. We have 2 home owners' associations in New York and Maine that share a common ROW to a launch and dock on the water. One association says they own under the ROW but that the other association is responsible for its maintenance.The association where the Dock and ROW exists has told the owners that there is No Parking permitted in our ROW for access to the river.Is this legal? What is the rule for ROW's with regards to passing and repassing and no parking?	Real Estate Questions	Maine
Can my ex not pay me support payment cause it was garnished for not getting forms in on time? I live in Illinois. My ex husband's pay check this week was garnished by the IRS as a penalty for not getting forms in on time.  He says he cannot pay me my support payment this week. Can he do that?	Tax Questions	Illinois
How to proceed with employer for discrimination? I need a lawyer who can help me stop all the wrong doing of my former employer for discrimination defamation of character. I got fired for no reason!	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can I file in small claims court from New Jersey against a business in Saint Thomas U S V I?  Can I file in small claims court from New Jersey against a business in Saint Thomas U S V I?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New Jersey
Legal to have your boyfriend move in with you if you are separated from your spouse, but not divorced? In the state of Georgia, is it legal to have your boyfriend/girlfriend move in with you if you are separated from your spouse, but not legally separated or divorced?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can an employer set one budget and goals for a division and another for that division's sales force?   Can an employer set one budget and goals for a division and another for that division's sales force?    The goals for the sales team are way higher than that of the division overall making it impossible to earn a higher level of commission.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is there a way to stop the lien on the taxes and save my home? My boyfriend's house has a lien on the taxes and the town is going to auction it off on March 30, 2012. Neither of us was able to work for the last year but I just got a job and can take care of the taxes on a payment plan. Is there a way to stop this and save my home?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
What do I do if I have an LLC with a 50-50 split partnership but the other member has decided to quit but wont give up ownership? I have an LLC with a 50-50 split partnership, The other member has decided to quit but wont give up ownership. What do I do?	Employment Questions	California
/questions/29cc548019/how-can-i-cancel-my-trusts/

Is there any law that prevents me from working since January 18 without a day off? Is there any law that prevents me from working since January 18 without a day off? This will be my 73rd straight day.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is the company liable if I had a miscarriage? Is the company liable if I had a miscarriage?	Personal Injury Questions	California
If a lawyer agrees to a percentage on a case that has amounts coming into a trust fund can they take out there percentage on each amount that comes in or do they have to wait until the completion of the lawsuit?  If a lawyer agrees to a percentage on a case that has amounts coming into a trust fund can they take out there percentage on each amount that comes in or do they have to wait until the completion of the lawsuit?  The party suing was told they cannot access any money in the trust until everything was finalized.  How can they take their fee as money comes in?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
How much can you sue someone for a keyed 2010 chevy camaro ss? How much can you sue someone for a keyed 2010 chevy camaro ss?	Criminal Questions	California
If a couple are not married but both named on the home deed & the lady moves out, can the man force the sale of the home in order to settle with lady?   If a couple are not married but both named on the home deed & the lady moves out, can the man force the sale of the home in order to settle with lady?  Does it have to go to court for a force sale?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
I sold a business which is being paid off in three years.
The purchaser has subsequently sold the business to a 3rd party with a seperate contract.  Please explain the legal ramifications of such a transaction. The first contract payments to me are current. Thank you.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Oregon
Can I get my money back if I signed a contract for my mom to enter a nursing home but hasn't? I signed a contract to have my mom enter a nursing home 2 days ago.  She has not entered and I don't want to proceed. Can I get my money back?	Consumer Questions	Florida
If my husband is registered owner only of our mobile home, does he have any interest in ownership? If My husband is registered owner only of our mobile home, does he have any interest in ownership?	Real Estate Questions	California
If the mechanic does not want to pay what are some legal actions I can take? I took my car to a mechanic where the mechanic was supposed to fix my car the Mechanic was charging me $90 at first, when i go back he changes the price to $200. we had a disagreement and it ended in me not getting the work done at that shop. as I was backing my car the mechanic threw his solder helmet at my car and left a dent on my fender, we called the cops and they said that the mechanic has to pay for the fender. the mechanic said he can get a aftermarket fender but my fender was a original manufacturer fender. i own a auto body shop and the cop told me i have to make an estimate and take it to the mechanic so he pay. the estimate total was $775. if the mechanic does not want to pay what are some legal actions i can take?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
My question has to do with music copyright laws.  
How much do you need to change a theme, chords, rythmn of a song to not have it be a copyright infringement? If it still sounds like the theme but you have added new orchestration or melodies, it is considered a new composition?	Copyright Questions	Maryland
What are my rights in regards to my son's permanent residence with me? My son and I's father lived together for 3.5 yrs in Houston, Texas. A week before my son turned 1, he and I went back to New York and have stayed there since. His father came to visit him for 6 hours in NY. Four months later he has not made any mention of coming to see him again. It has been almost six months now since my son has been in Texas. I have not received any financial support from my son's father during the last six months. I have to go back to Houston to work and want to bring my son with me. and gain sole custody. What are my rights?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What are the legal rights of my kids? The father of my 2 kids left us to be with someone else. What rights do I have for my children?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can I establish voting rights and a board of directors for an LLC? Can I establish voting rights and a board of directors for an LLC or should I consider S or C-corp?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Colorado
What is my share of benefits if I opened a business 100% in my ex's name? Married in 1982, in Florida. In 1996 wife opened business 100% in her name. I contributed free time plus about $200K. Now business is profitable1. What is my share of benefits (distributions)?2. In a will what should my % be?I always thought in Fla, any assets gained during marriage are 50/50	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Does a beach begin at the sand or a sidewalk leading to the beach? Does a beach begin at the sand or a sidewalk leading to the beach?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can I publicly play a score of music under copyright laws without changing the score or making money off of the performance, but not getting permission to have the score?	Copyright Questions	Michigan
Will I still qualify for unemployment benefits even after being with the company for only one month? I recently was laid off from a job due to company bankruptcy and will not receive wages for the pay period starting in the beginning of March even though the company is still operating. Will I still qualify for unemployment benefits even after being with the company for only one month?	Employment Questions	New York
How do I get my nephew out of my property?  My father passed away and left his house to me. My nephew is staying there and I want him out. How do I get him out of my property? He never paid rent to my father and there is no lease.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Who is responsible for the oversight of money discrepancy since I had an attorney? I have paid $1,600 child support pending my court order.  After getting my court order, I am not being credited for the $1,600 because it was not written in the court order.  Who is responsible for this oversight since I had an attorney.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can a person sue you when there is no documentation? Can a person sue you when there is no documentation?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is it a good idea for someone do their own demand letter? Is it a good idea for someone do their own demand letter?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a divorce be obtained in a different state other than the state the marriage was performed in? Can a divorce be obtained in a different state other than the state the marriage was performed in?	Family Questions	New York
What is the statue of limitations to be terminated from your employer for gross misconduct? What is the statue of limitations to be terminated from your employer for gross misconduct?	Employment Questions	California
Can a towing company charge me a full day if car was there for Saturday night & picked up Monday morning? I want to know the towing fee laws for California. I want to know if they can charge you a full day if the car was there for Saturday night and picked up Monday morning. How many days can they charge me?	Consumer Questions	California
How do you file for bankruptcy in PA? How do you file for bankruptcy in PA?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
If the property I'm living in was sold at an auction can the realtor give me a week notice to move out legally? If the property I'm living in was sold at an auction can the realtor give me a week notice to move out legally?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is the legal age to run a website business? What is the legal age to run a website business in Pennsylvania?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can you sue a lawyer for doing their job improperly? Can you sue a lawyer who you can prove improperly did their job to make the out come of case to what they wanted?	Criminal Questions	South Carolina
Is it legal if the police used a false domestic disturbance to enter my parents' home? The police used a false domestic disturbance to enter my parents' home and proceeded to do a warrentless arrest on me. I was released the next day with no charges. Is this legal?	Personal Injury Questions	Indiana
If your husband is not able to be found & hasn't been in over 20 years how do I file a divorce? If your husband is not able to be found & hasn't been in over 20 years how do I file a divorce?	Family Questions	Michigan
If your company expects you to use your personal car for meetings, should they worry about liabilities? If your company expects you to use your personal car and during business hours go out to purchase food for meetings, shouldn't they be concerned that if I get hurt that I'll sue them or if I suffer any losses as a result of leaving the office in my car?	Employment Questions	New York
Can a company lay off an employee & then create a new position to hire a new employee? Can a company lay off an employee because of their budget and then create a new position to hire a new employee?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If you work 35 hours a week for several months, can employers still claim you are a part time employee? If you work 30 to 35 hours a week for several months, can employers still claim you are a part time employee, not eligible for health benefits and unemployment benefits?	Employment Questions	California
Is there anything I can do to get my job back, be allowed to resign vs. terminated, get unemployment? I was terminated from a job a week ago for not following full hospital policy.  As a Nurse preceptor, I was teaching a Novice nurse how to start an IV due to her constant anxiety when being unsuccessful on doing them on her own.  We both used proper hand hygiene, bad judgement no gloves were worn but did use proper alcohol to cleanse skin and used proper technique.   I had full consent to show her on herself.  No harm done, no infection, no injury.  Someone videotaped it and placed in online, then taken off but it reached the HR department and all three of us were terminated.  Is there anything I can do to get my job back, be allowed to resign vs. terminated, get unemployment? I feel we weren't given a second chance.	Employment Questions	Georgia
If I am thinking about filing for divorce, what would be the implications to my greencard? I am a 10-year (unconditional) green card holder, married for 11 years and have a 10-year-old son. My wife is USC. I Have had my GC for almost two years now (again, 10 year card). I am thinking about filing for divorce, what would be the implications to my GC? Married in Mexico, can I divorce in the US (Indiana)? Do I have to prove bona-fide marriage?	Immigration Questions	New Jersey
Am I in the wrong if my cat bit the vet? During a vet visit, my cat was taken to a back room without me and tried to escape. A worker tried to stop my cat and in the process my cat bit the worker. Now I have to go to court. However, I do not believe this is my fault because it was the vet who lost control of my cat.	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
If I'm a U.S. citizen and want to visit Cuba as a tourist, do I need proper documents? If I'm a U.S. citizen and want to visit Cuba as a tourist, do I need proper documents?	Immigration Questions	California
How can I make sure the owner is not losing the house? I'm in the process of renting a house that the owner says he's doing a home modification. How can I make sure he is not losing the house?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is a tenant's ex considered a tenant if she is spending the night 5-6 times a week? I have a tenant who just signed a lease.  He is the only person to occupy the apartment.   His wife/ex-wife is there spending the night 5-6 times a week.  Is she considered a tenant at this point?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can an employer demote you from a management  due to medical issue? Can an employer demote you from a management position after being out for a week due to medical issue and now forcing you to take part-time hours after being full time for four years.	Employment Questions	Maryland
Is the park responsible for paying for my windshield if a witness saw the ball go over the fence? I went to watch a baseball game at a local park a few weeks ago. When I returned to my car, my windshield was shattered. There were several games going on at the park at that time and a woman driving by said that they all saw and heard the ball go over the fence and shatter my car. Is the park responsible for paying for my windshield???	Criminal Questions	California
If I got fired for wrongly termination from job what case do I have? If I got fired for wrongly termination from job what case do I have?	Employment Questions	California
Can I copyright Powerpoint training if partially done on personal time? If I did a power point training half on my jobs time and half on my own personal time, can I still copyright my work?	Copyright Questions	Pennsylvania
Does our situation nullify the contract? Hairstylist who signed non-compete contract with owner that states can't work within 10 mi radius from thier salon. Owner dismisses me after he suspects I am leaving to work for myself nearby. Which I planned to but hadn't resigned yet. The co-owner who actually signed contract then sent me a text message 5 days later that stated that she would never go after me if I worked nearby and stated that I could work where ever I wanted. Does that nullify the contract? Also they put salon up for sale without informing any stylist and I have a copy of link. Will that help case? The contract also stated I was a Independent contractor and I was able to make my own work hrs but they required us to work a 40 hr week. Did they break contract on that first?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
In the state of Indiana, can a parent leave the state with child without permission? In the state of Indiana, can a parent leave the state with child without permission?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
If I leaned on a door at a friend's house and it falls should I have to pay to replace it? If I leaned on a door at a friend's house and it falls should I have to pay to replace it?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Legal action if my wife lost a tooth & got a broken nose from an accident when the air bags didn't deploy? My wife and kids were in an accident driving an '02 jeep liberty and the air bags did not deploy. She received a broken nose, and lost a tooth. Is there legal action I can take?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have any legal recourse to either recoup my investment or force them to reactivate the account? I have spent significant money ($3000) building a character in an online game over the course of three years. That character was recently "banned" for something I honestly did not do. It is my understanding that the laws about who "owns" these characters when substantial money changes hands it still hazy. Do I have any legal recourse to either recoup my investment or force them to reactivate the account?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Do I have to pay back the money if I sold my horse and they gave her back to me? Hi I had sold a horse and they gave her back to me a month later. Do I have to pay them back the money?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there anything I can do if realty company is taking me to court for non-payment? I bought a fixer upper from a realty company and later found out it was in demolition court!!! The seller did not tell me this. So I stop paying my monthly payments to them. Now they are taking me to court for non payment! Is there anything I can do? I need help.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can the change of "at will employee" be made without my consent? Type your detailed legal question hereFor the past 6 years, I have been  civil servant for a California Special District. The General Manager and Board of Directors are revising the employee policy manual to change the status to an "at will employee". Can this change be made without my consent?	Employment Questions	California
Am I entitled to half of my ex's business, or just half of the equity on the building when he borrowed 80 thousand dollars?  i have been married 18 years and my husband owns his own business. He had this business before we got married, but bought a new building and moved his business about 7 years ago.  We are getting divorced and he says all he owes me for the business is half the equity on the building he bought  and nothing else. Am I entitled to half his business, or just half of the equity on the building?  He borrowed 80 thousand dollars for the business building and the equity on it now is about 48 thousand, He says all he owes me is 24 thousand ( or half the equity).  My realtor did an assessment on the property, and the property is assessed at 213 thousand. Am I entitled to half of that?  Thank you.	Consumer Questions	New York
Is it legal if my husband can't read and was told a lie about a contract he signed? My husband can't read and was told a lie about a contract so he signed. Is it legal?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Who is entitled to my grandmother's money? my Grandmother prepared a < a href="http://www.rocketlawyer.com/document/last-will-and-testament.rl">last will and testament form	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
If my mother has sole custody of my son, can my son's mother take him from my mother? If my mother has sole custody of my son, can my son's mother just take him from my mother?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it the owner's responsibility to provide air condition units in an apartment building? Is it the owner's responsibility to provide air condition units in an apartment building?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Is it theft by unlawful taking if you never leave the store? is it theft by unlawful taking if you never leave the store?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
Do I need to pay the rent if I cannot find another place to live by the deadline date? I have been renting a room from a home owner in the San Fernando Valley, CA for 6 years now. I have paid my rent on time and sometimes before the due date. Now he asked me to move because his family is coming back to his home. He gave me the date to vacate the room I am renting by August 31. Do I need to pay the rent if I cannot find another place to live by the deadline date? What are my rights as a tenant if any?	Real Estate Questions	California
Does a Durable Power of Attorney need to be notarized? In the state of California does a Durable Power of Attorney need to be notarized, or will the attestations of two witnesses suffice?	Family Questions	California
What to do if I could file for citizenship but I'm afraid because I got married I may not be eligible? My father filed for me to become a resident in 1990. I did not get my green card until 1995. However in the process I got married in 1994. I could file for citizenship but I'm afraid because I got married I may not be eligible. Please advise me.	Immigration Questions	Georgia
Shouldn't the bank have notified me about the transactions if I had checks stolen? I had checks stolen and cashed at Walmart stores. Merchandise was taken back for cash. Walmart didn't ask for ID. They are now asking for me to pay back these amounts plus $25.00 for each of 19 checks. This totals almost $5000. This was in a months period. Shouldn't the bank have notified me about the transactions? I am on Social Security and there is no way I can come up with this kind of money.  This wiped out my checking account and I was planning on paying my real estate taxes with that money.	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Are secretary minutes a legal document? Are secretary minutes a legal document?If minutes are amended outside the meeting room, are they considered "illegal" minutes	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
If I remarry, would I need my exes' permission for new husband to adopt our son? My ex-husband has never seen our 8-month-old son. He is not on the birth certificate. He also gave up his parental rights.  If I remarry, would I need his permission for new husband to adopt our son?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
If female one gives asks female two for the ring back, does female two have to give it back? Two females are engaged in the state of Illinois. After two years, Female one gave the engagement ring to female two about a year and a half ago.  Question:  If female one gives and asks female two for the ring back.  Does female two have to give it back?	Consumer Questions	California
If I want to protect myself from my ex, what would be filed with the court to close the matter? My dissolution left Household Furnishings as an open item indicating "divide" 6 years ago.  Now my ex-spouse is coming after me for various items which I am happy to give him.  However, I would like to protect myself going forward so he can't continue to come after me.  What would be filed with the court to close this matter?  Thank you.	Family Questions	California
Can I take my co-worker to court for failing to tell me that I got an urgent message from my doctor? Last week I called my doctor for lab results and asked them to call me back using my work number. I did not hear from my doctor nor did I receive any messages. I called the doctor today and they said they spoke to me a few days ago. I think a coworker received the call and said she was me. If this is true can I take her to court?	Criminal Questions	California
Am I legally required to pay my hourly workers if our business was closed due to a power outage? Our business was closed due to a power outage caused by a storm.  Am I legally required to pay my hourly workers? We only have hourly workers and no labor contracts as we are not a union facility.	Employment Questions	Michigan
can i do if i was laid off because the company said they were to slow and already hiring? What can I do if I was laid off because the company said they were to slow? Now, less then two days later they are hiring for the same position.	Employment Questions	California
Best way to complete a transaction with no taxes involved if a friend wants to give me a monetary gift? A friend wants to give me a very large monetary gift.  What is the best way to complete this transaction with no taxes for either party involved?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Are we legally responsible to provide a customer with our insurance information? Our company does carpet cleaning.  We have a dissatisfied customer who want our insurance information for a job she says we ruined.  Are we legally responsible to provide her with our insurance information?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is there a law in Pennsylvania that states that you must shave for a job? Is there a law in Pennsylvania that states that you must shave for a job?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Does being demoted void my current contract.  Different job and lower pay? Does being demoted void my current contract.  Different job and lower pay?	Employment Questions	Wyoming
What can I do about making the Board responsible for adhering to the rules even though I am not on The Board? I live in a condo and I own my condo.  The CC&R;'s are very plain but members of the Board of Directors break the rules all the time.  What can I do about making them be responsible for adhering to the rules even though I am not on The Board?	Real Estate Questions	California
Must my employer pay for the Vacation days that I did not take? If I leave my job before I have used all of the Vacation time that I have earned, my employer must pay for the Vacation days that I did not take, or not? ( I'm from Michigan)!	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can a divorce be granted sooner if you are apart 7 months before filing? Can a divorce be granted sooner if you are apart 7 months before filing?	Family Questions	California
What should I do to get my check if fired over 2 months ago? I was fired over two months ago and I still haven't received my final paycheck. I believe they changed my hours in the computer so I wouldn't get paid. I have been told many times that they were putting in a payroll request. What should I do now?	Employment Questions	Florida
Is there a statute of limitations in filing a will for probate? Is there a statute of limitations in filing a will for probate?	Family Questions	California
What if you close a business and owe the IRS back taxes? What if you close a business and owe the IRS back taxes?	Tax Questions	Missouri
We want to transpose the key of a song by Richard Strauss, written in 1885.  We were told we had to ask for the permission of the company holding the copyright.  
How does this work for music written over 100 years ago? I'm in Texas.	Copyright Questions	Texas
Can I turn my motor home to the loan company? I am retired and have a motor home that is worth less than what I owe on it and the high payments are a burden.  Can I turn it over to the loan company?	Consumer Questions	California
Can I claim my ex's garnishment of wages? I live in TN. My ex husband is more than a thousand dollars behind. They recently started garnishment of wages. My papers state in order for him to claim him on taxes he has to be current by Jan 15 of this year. He does have garnishment of $20 over regular week payments but still isn't caught up, so when he files they will send me what's backed owed. I claimed him and his father states that I can not do that cause they are garnishing his wages now and that the back owed will be settled out of his taxes. He says I'm getting double pay cause of me claiming him and also gonna get a cut of my ex husband's. I need to know if me claiming him was right cause he's not current like papers state?	Family Questions	California
Can my work dictate what I can do on my days off? I am employed at a hospital that will not allow me to  do a different job description as a self employed individual on my days off on their campus. They say it will violate labor law 558, and it is considered joint employment . Can they dictate what I can do on my days off?	Employment Questions	California
What can I do if I suspect my tenant will damage my property because of an eviction? If I suspect that a tenant will damage my property because they are being evicted and there is no security deposit to be returned because of judge orders, what can I do?	Real Estate Questions	New York
When you receive a settlement from an auto accident, are you responsible for the medical bills, or is the insurance company? When you receive a settlement from an auto accident, are you responsible for the medical bills, or is the insurance company?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What can my son do if he has custody of his son but the mother took off with him? My son has custody of his son and the mother has taken off with him.  What does my son do?  He has no idea where she has went.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Legal if I had an unpaid utility bill so my rent money was applied to that first and then my actual rent? I paid my rent on the due dated but was charged a 75 dollar late fee and 5 dollars per day resulting in $130. the landlord said that i had an unpaid utility bill so my rent money was applied to that first and then my actual rent making it not the full amount. Is this legal if it is not outlined in my lease and if i wrote "rent" on my check? Also i live in California.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How does someone get wages earned for being a home health aide after the person passes away? How does someone get wages earned for being a home health aide after the person passes away?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Possible if my cousin is being held without bond but wasn't charged or arraigned? My cousin is being held without bond but wasn't charged or arraigned. Is that possible?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can you get fired if you do not make mandatory over time? Can you get fired if you do not make mandatory over time?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I legally move out of state with my son if I am still married and no custody order? Can I legally move out of state with my son if I am still married and no custody order?	Family Questions	Florida
Can we take the trust and the pour-over will to the court house ourselves or do we have to hire an attorney to this? In the state of Florida. We need a letter of testamentary.   Can we take the trust and the pour-over will to the court house ourselves or do we have to hire an attorney to this?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
I have an school yr. book from 1895,can i copy and sell pic's on t-shirts	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Ohio
Does my father now have rights to my brother's share of my mother's trust or shall distributions now be split equally between the remaining living descendents? My mother passed away in 2007 leaving all her assets in a trust of which I am trustee.  All income from the trust is to be distributed per shares to me and my three siblings.  My brother recently died intestate and my father took control of his assets.  My brother was not married and had no children. My question is, does my father now have rights to my brother's share of my mother's trust or shall distributions now be split equally between the remaining living descendents?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Does Pennsylvania have law to record interrogations? Does Pennsylvania have a law in place to record interrogations?  Do you know how many states do have that law?	Litigation Law Questions	Pennsylvania
Copyright requirement How do u get a business name copyright?	Consumer Questions,Employment Questions	Ohio
What can I do if the units I rent to are not abiding by the gender rules? Georgia resident, in one unit I have two women and in the other unit I rent to two men. What can you do if you notice that in each unit you see in the women's unit that men are spending the night, and in the men's unit women are staying overnight, in the women's unit one woman is supposed to be married?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How do you file bankruptcy? How to file bankruptcy in Danville, VA?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
What should I expect to pay in child support? What is the average child support payments in the state of Pennsylvania if there are two children 12 or older and the non custodial parent makes approx $57,000 per yer and the custodial parent doesn't work?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
My son came to live with me about one year ago. I have joint custody with his mother and she also has physical custody of him. She wants my son to go back with her but he does not want to go back permanently. Can she come and get him without legal action?	Family Questions	Texas
Can a customer break a contract with a roofing contractor for no reason in Illinois? Can a customer break a contract with a roofing contractor for no reason in Illinois?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Will I be forced to move out and lose my security deposit? I am signed to a lease with a friend and her mom as the co-signer. If she wants to move out and break her part of the lease as well as her mom as the co-signer will I be forced to move out and lose my security deposit as well?	Real Estate Questions	California
If we are behind with the last rent payment made, do we have to pay that? The owner sold the building we rent. We have no idea who the new owners are. What do we do about paying our rent? And if we are behind with the last rent payment made, do we have to pay that?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What will happen if I do not return to court for pre-trial diversion? What will happen if I do not return to court for pre-trial diversion?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can I keep engagement ring if ex making payments on it? I broke up with my fiance, but still have the engagement ring. He is still making payments on it, would it still be considered a gift and me legally be able to keep it in the state of IL?	Family Questions,Legal Questions	Illinois
Can the company hold me if I had it on paper and they told me to take it to the shop? I got a boat from superior boats for $25,000.00 and have had it for three days. I put it in the lake and have water in the oil. They told to take it to a shop and I did. I had it on the paper, Can they hold me to that? I live in GA and got the boat in Fl. Thanks Sean.	Consumer Questions	Florida
I live in NYS for the past 10 yrs. My wife & I have been separated for 12 yrs. I want to file for an uncontested divorce. Wife lives in NJ where we were married. Can I file in either state?	Family Questions	New York
Can a judge in California make me pull my son out of a preschool he has been attending since September on my custody time?  Can a judge in California make me pull my son out of a preschool he has been attending since September on my custody time? There is no cost to the mother yet she wants him to be closer to her on my custody time.	Family Questions	California
Are you allowed at least 3 days in order to go home for an immediate family death?  In the State of North Carolina, are you allowed at least 3 days in order to go home for an immediate family death?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
If I want to start a non-profit & a similar name of an nonprofit is in another state can I go forward ? If I live in California and want to start a non profit and a similar name of an nonprofit is in another state can I go forward ?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
What is needed to prove age discrimination for hiring purposes? What is needed to prove age discrimination for hiring purposes?	Corporate Questions,Employment Questions	Arizona
Can you sue a company for false labeling? Can you sue a company for false labeling? I purchased a product stating that it does not contain chemical jwh-018 in it however took a urinalysis which states that I tested positive for the chemical. What rights do I have?	Consumer Questions	California
When a will has been protested by an interested party what procedures has to be taken in order to close the estate? When a will has been protested by an interested party what procedures has to be taken in order to close the estate?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Is the dog owner required to restrain the dog if it is sniffing a person & does not feel comfortable about it?  Is the dog owner required to restrain the dog if it is sniffing a person but the person does not feel comfortable about it?  The story was that the person fell while resisting being sniffed by the dog -- and broke the leg while falling to the ground.	Personal Injury Questions	California
If my company terminates me while out on medical leave do you know what my next step would be? If my company sends me a letter of termination while out on medical leave do you know what my next step would be?	Employment Questions	Virginia
What forms do I need in a civil case to have all my medical bills covered by the lady that hit me? What forms do I need in a civil case to have all my medical bills covered by the lady that hit me?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
How to get financial help to bring father? How can I get my father to the U.S with financial assistance? My family lost contact with him over 23 yrs. ago and now have found him. But he is in Honduras and my family has low to no income at this present time. We are eager to finally meet him as I was only a small child and my siblings as well. My mother is married to him and never re-maried she loves him and stayed a single mother of 4, in hopes we would one day find him again. So I would like to know how I could solve this problem?	Immigration Questions	New York
What is the maximum FIT annual Charitable gift tax deduction? What is the maximum FIT annual Charitable gift tax deduction?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Legal to schedule someone to work 12 out of 15 days of a single pay period? Is it legal to schedule someone to work 12 out of 15 days of a single pay period?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What to do if I signed a mortgage with my boyfriend in June of this year and want out of it? I signed a mortgage with my boyfriend in June of this year and want out of it.	Real Estate Questions	California
How can I apply for the dream act? How can I apply for the dream act?	Immigration Questions	North Carolina
If I lived in an apartment for four years is it true that I have to sign another year-long lease? Under California rental laws, If I lived in an apartment complex for four years is it true that I have to sign another year-long lease or can I go month to month?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is a substitution of trustee in a deed of trust? What is a substitution of trustee in a deed of trust?The document says my husband a married man substitutes a trustee under a deed of trust/	Real Estate Questions	California
Does temp. employment service in PA have to give you vacation time if you have worked for them for 1 year or more? Does temp. employment service in PA have to give you vacation time if you have worked for them for 1 year or more?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there any legal recourse I can take if my ex has removed all the money from the joint checking account? My spouse and I have been married for 16 years. My spouse has removed all the money from the joint checking account to his own checking account leaving no money for finances to be paid or for food for our kids. Is there any legal recourse I can take?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Possible to change lawyers after the statue of limitations is up for an accident case? When involved in a lawsuit following being hurt in an automobile accident, is it possible to change lawyers after the statue of limitations is up?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
What should I do if my ex continues to state that he paid and I keep receiving unpaid bills? I was divorced a little over a year ago my husband was the petitioner. He keeps every thing that I owned including $14,000 that I asked him to keep in the bank before we were never married. I never saw a penny and now that I ask him what happened to all the money he said that I spend it all when I didn't and never had any access to anything through out the marriage. When he divorced me he made a verbal agreement to me that he would cover my health insurance and as of yet has not paid any of the insurance bills. I have not been able to see a physician since Dec. of 2011. He continues to state that he paid and I keep receiving unpaid bills. What should I DO? I never asked for anything no matter what he took from me.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What document do I need to leave my brother my truck? What document do I need to leave my brother my truck and to leave brother and sister everything in my apartment in my death?	Family Questions	Florida
Where can you find laws pertaining to police in car videos? Where can you find laws pertaining to police in car videos?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Do I need to dissolve the current LLC in Colorado and re-incorporate it with the state of Texas using my new address? I have an LLC registered in the state of Colorado with my home address, subject to the laws of Colorado. It looks like I will be moving to Texas. Do I need to dissolve the current LLC in Colorado and re-incorporate it with the state of Texas using my new address?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
What's the law on 3 days of no call, no show without doctor's note? What's the law on 3 days of no call no show without doctor's note?	Employment Questions	Missouri
I recently stopped my husband from talking to the kids when I discovered he was conversing with them only to find out what and who I was doing stuff with. Is this Illegal for me to do if it's protecting my children from being put into the middle of a situation they shouldn't be put in the middle of?	Family Questions	New Hampshire
When you sign a contract, is there a grace period you can cancel without penalty? When you sign a contract, is there a grace period you can cancel without penalty?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Can I take my event planner to court for trying to breach our contract? I have a contract to rent an event center for a wedding. The event planner is trying to charge us more money outside of our initial contract even though I didn't sign a new one because she said prices have changed. And out of the money we already paid ($2,000), she is only crediting $800 back to our account. The contract does say that only 80% of the initial deposit would be applied IF you reschedule, which we are. But it doesn't say anything about us not being able to apply the other $1,000 we paid to pay off the remaining balance. What should we do or do we have a small claims case against them?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions	North Carolina
Possible to sign the waiver? The Settler's Trust on Distribution of Income & Principal states that the Trustee is authorized to support mom's dependents (our sister Carol and nephew Joey from a deceased sister .. up to the whole of the trust estate).  Then the balance of the Trust Estate is allocated in percentages to us 4 sisters. The COE on the house occurs soon.  The Trustee, Ginny, our younger sister has mailed us a Waiver of the requirement of accountings.  Carol will be homeless until she gets her cut.  Ginny had Joey age 21, quit his job and move in with her so she can say he is dependent on the Trust.  Would you sign the Waiver?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can my son's father keep him legally after a visitation if no visitation has ever been ordered?  I am trying to find out if my sons father can keep him legally after a visitation if no visitation has ever been ordered?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I draw unemployment  if a company has no work for 4 weeks? Can I draw unemployment  if a company has no work for 4 weeks (Jan. thru Feb.)? I have not worked any where else.	Employment Questions	Alabama
Question regarding releasing a Temp employee due to advice of my Manager? I'm a Supervisor and I released a Temp employee due to advice of my Manager. I released her because her husband came to confront a regular employee because he had hurt her feelings. She now filed a sexual harassment case or retaliation but she had never informed me to report it. I want to know if she can take action against me or can my employer take action against me. Do I need a lawyer?	Employment Questions	California
If I have to move from a home, do they have to pay me to be relocated? If I have to move from a home that i am renting and have no lease that is going to be torn down do they have to pay me to be relocated?	Real Estate Questions	California
If I'm late often with rent but not over 30 days, can the property manager refuse to accept my rent money? If I live in Atlanta and lease an apartment and I'm late often with rent but not over 30 days, can the property manager refuse to accept my rent money	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
File a claim with my landlord's insurance if I was hospitalized due to a faulty heater in my rented home? I was recently hospitalized due to a faulty heater in my rented home. Should I file a claim with my landlords insurance carrier, and is he required to give me that information or should I just file suit.? ( medical bills are about $6,000) California small claims max is$7500.	Personal Injury Questions	California
Who do I contact if I know my daughter's employer is in violation of CA labor law? What if I know my daughter's employer is in violation of CA labor law? Who do I contact?	Employment Questions	California
Can my husband kick me and my son out if I'm not on the mortgage? Can my husband kick me and my son out if I'm not on the mortgage?	Family Questions	New York
How can a landlord proceed when the rent is not paid on time? How can a landlord proceed when the rent is not paid on time on various occasions?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is a purchase of land  "AS IS" like buying a car on auction or not? I recently lost a piece of land due to back taxes. The person who bought it on auction now wants to remove my access road. It is the only access to my portion of the land.  He bought on auction and should have realized the driveway before he bought it.  Is this an "AS IS" purchase like buying a car on auction or not?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How do I go about getting my ex off the title of our house?  I Live in Missouri. I'm Divorced, and was given 1/2 ownership in house.  My ex is now moving out of the house and wants to just give me her 1/2 as there is no equity. How do I go about getting her off the title? Or is there a legal process by which I would have to submit a document to the court to get 100% ownership?Thanks TimEmail soccerfan1032@yahoo.com	Family Questions	California
What recourse do I have if A disciplinary action in my personnel file was disclosed to a coworker? A disciplinary action in my personnel file was disclosed to a coworker.  What recourse do I have?	Employment Questions	California
If the father is not on the birth certificate & I applied for child support, can he get custody? The father is not on the birth certificate. I applied for child support. Can he get custody?	Family Questions	Colorado
How much is it to file visitation in Port Charlotte, FL if the couple was never married? How much is it to file visitation in Port Charlotte, FL if the couple was never married?	Family Questions	Florida
Is there anything I can do to stop my husband from just not paying the mortgage anymore? My husband told me that he is going to stop paying the mortgage cause he wants a divorce.  He did that already last year and we almost lost the house.  Is there anything I can do to stop him from just not paying the mortgage anymore?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is a term from a famous poem protectable trade name? Is a term from a famous poem protectable trade name?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
If my fiance files a chapter 13 will the vehicle owned by a LLC be included? My fiance is the guarantor on a vehicle owned by nut llc. The vehicle has been repossessed. We are wondering if she files a chapter 13 will it be included. She signed all the contracts for the vehicle but the company's name is on the title	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
If I am being paid to care and chart on one patient,  can my employer tell me I have to care for a second patient but not chart on them? I am a PA home care nurse.  If I am being paid to care and chart on one patient,  can my employer tell me I have to care for a second patient but not chart on them?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if coach used a video of my son acted with  ill intentions to cause harm during a game? Pop Warner used a video of my son at a coaches clinic suggesting my son acted with ill intentions to cause harm while returning an interception last year during a game	Personal Injury Questions	California
When a tenant vacates an apartment, is he responsible for repairs that existed prior to moving in to the apartment? When a tenant vacates an apartment, is he responsible for repairs that existed prior to moving in to the apartment?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I find out if the minister who performed your marriage is ordained? How do I find out if the minister who performed your marriage is ordained?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
What rights without a custody agreement does the father have?  MY 16 year old daughter had a baby 2 weeks ago and his father(17) is telling her that next month he wants to start taking the baby for 2 weeks at a time and he says he will not let her leave his house with him if she tries. Can he refuse to let her leave his house with the baby? What rights without a custody agreement does he have? I will also say that we allow him to come here everyday for 6 hours to see the baby and his name is on the birth certificate if that matters.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Wyoming
Should I get an attorney when dealing with my bank in regards as a POA? I revoked my POA with my agent (my father) on 16 Feb, filed the notarized revocation with county recorder and took a copy to my bank to register it there. There had never been a POA attached to any account, so they didn't need to register it. I have the signed original POA and supposedly this bank (BOfA) doesn't accept copies, so I was assured there was no way for it to still be attached. Of course 6 days later, a copy gets attached and within minutes my entire checking account is drained (83K worth). I am dealing with the bank who now has copies of the notarized revocation and county recorder receipt, but they are not being very accommodating or reassuring, and I am out of state and now in the red thanks to them. Should I get an attorney?	Criminal Questions	Oregon
Is the contract valid or enforceable? For CA, if a 998 settlement agreement was formed indicating the total amount to be paid in exchange for an action, but there was no specific detail about how the payment should be met, i.e., no payment terms or time to full payment indicated, is the contract valid or enforceable?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What options do I have to lower my property taxes? Taxes on my house have always been higher than against those of my neighbors. This year, the increase is 8%, mine is 14%. Since I bought the house I tried repeatedly to obtain an explanation from the city council to no avail. They have ignored all my questions and letters. Because I am of foreign origin, and they are Irish, I suspect plain ethnic hatred behind  the problem. State authority tells me to reassess the property, a road to nowhere as I upgraded it and, through them, my taxes can only go up. I am retired on disability and in no position to litigate. What avenue do I have to get the city council explain why, after I bought the house in 2003, my bills and taxes increased by 88.7 % to 2005 and went up exponentially since. Thanks.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
music copyright infringement In performing in a talent competition for a pageant, I would like to record myself singing to the CD and then dance to that recording.  The accompaniment trax states that it is illegal to make a recording from this trax.  Would I be in violation of copyright laws in this instance?	Consumer Questions	Oklahoma
Can a landlord write a new lease without evicting the old tenant? Can a landlord write a new lease without evicting the old tenant?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What do I do if I have trouble with my legs and I stand for 8 hours but it's a hazard to have a stool? I have trouble with my legs and I stand for 8 hours. They tell me at work it's a hazard to have a stool. What do I do?	Employment Questions	California
business sale to another individual I had a business and a new owner has all my inventory and know he wont sign our contract of business sale. What  course should I take if any?	Contract Questions,Corporate Questions	New York
Do I still have any legal action after workers compensation is settled? Do I still have any legal action after workers compensation is settled?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What to do if I received a 3-day notice to pay or quit due to losing my job and can't pay the rent? What to do if I received a 3-day notice to pay or quit due to losing my job and can't pay the rent?	Family Questions	California
Legal for the arresting officer to sit with the DA in a pre-trial before and after his questioning on stand? is it legal for the arresting officer in a case to sit with the district attorney in a pre trial before and after his questioning on stand?	Criminal Questions	California
What will happen to my friend who got hit by a scooter of his SUV? This is regarding a friend of mine. A scooter ran into the passenger side of his SUV. The scooter driver was injured and now has retained an attorney. My friend's insurance company will only pay $10,000, but the scooter driver wants to sure for more. My friend has no assets, and a write and kids to support. What will happen? Can they do anything to him in a civil case?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
If your employment terminates you over a false arrest can you sue them? If your employment terminates you over a false arrest can you sue them?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
How long do you have to go back on a realty company and or previous owner if information was false/exaggerated about a properties condition we bought?	Contract Questions,Finance Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Ohio
What can you do if someone living with you is not paying rent to you? What can you do if someone living with you is not paying rent to you?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How can I contest liquidation damages charges?  How can I contest liquidation damages charges?  I won't be able to finance the total amount of the contract due to emergency expense and debt.  The windows haven't been purchased because I haven't given my deposit.  Thank you for your help.	Consumer Questions	Virginia
How do I get my wife from Mexico to live in the U.S.? I've been living in Mexico for over 12 years and been living with this person which I call my wife. She wants to come here to live with me and get married here. I have medical problems and would be good for her to help me out. What do I have to do to get her here?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oklahoma
Girlfriend accused of child endangerment. What can or should my girlfriend do if she has been accused of child endangerment but knows that the injuries happened after the father picked up the kids and could have been on purpose and a weird history of injuries comes from being in his care?	Family Questions	California
Can I collect for damages to my property if I did not charge a security deposit? i did not charge a security deposit. Can I collect for damages to my property?	Real Estate Questions	California
If an employee is trying to sue  our company for wrongful termination but he really quit, what do we do? If an employee from New Mexico is trying to sue  our company for wrongful termination but he really quit, what do we do? We are in the state of Utah.	Employment Questions	Utah
What number or percentage of print, pictures, video, sound usable under fair use? Is there an exact number or percentage of print, pictures, video and sound that can be used under the fair use guidlines?	Copyright Questions	Oregon
Question about developing an app? I would like to publish a mobile app (ITunes and Google play) which contains data found in online publications.  For example, the app will show the percentage of tablet users using various browsers, and that data will be from a pdf published online by a research company.  I plan to just use the numbers they published, not the words or figures.  I can properly cite the source of my data, it that would help.  Can I do this?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Massachusetts
Am I violating California or Federal Labor laws by clocking in early then taking a longer lunch? Am I violating California or Federal Labor laws by clocking in early then taking a longer lunch?  I am scheduled to start work at 8:30 with an end time of 5:30.  Since I arrive 15 minutes early, I take an hour and 15 minute lunch.  My manager complains that my unpaid lunch is too long.  I work no more than eight hours; all within my scheduled work time.	Employment Questions	California
By law is your employer supposed  to pay any extra when having to work midnight to 8am? By law is your employer supposed  to pay any extra when having to work midnight to 8am?	Employment Questions	California
If your child has ADHD and you do not feel that the school and/or teacher have done all that they could to help this child and are now saying that he will get held back most likely again, what are the options for him?  If your child has ADHD and you do not feel that the school and/or teacher have done all that they could to help this child and are now saying that he will get held back most likely again, what are the options for him? He is nine years old in the  second grade. Is the school board required to pay for him to go to private school or to be home schooled? We have a meeting today and are in the final part of the year and were just given this information a couple of days ago about the retention. I am desperate for information about his rights. Thank you very much.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Legal to not get promoted because having a woman would cause fear of sexual harassment suits? I have been planning to apply for a position when the present employee retires and had been led to believe by the supervisors that I would be given top consideration.  I already work for this department and it would be a lateral transfer. I spoke with the top supervisors and one of the lower supervisors a few weeks ago (I will say the #1man and #3 man) and was told they had heard nothing but good things about me and their only concern was having a woman in that position  for fear of sexual harassment suits. The current employee that has the position spoke with the #2 man last week and was told that "It's not going to happen as there had been a woman in a similar position once before and there had been some problems". Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is it legal for a non-profit to require me to write progress notes on my visits or should they be paying me to do this?  I work for a non profit agency that services children with autism. I go into their home and provide services pertaining to their treatment plan. I am required to write progress notes on my visit but I must do this on my own time. Is this legal or should they be paying me to do this? Thank you.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
My brother and I own a house together. I want to know if something happened to one of us would the other get full ownership of the house? Would it cost anything?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If I take a short leave of absence can I draw unemployment? If I take a short leave of absence can I draw unemployment?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
What to do if my child's father was granted overnight visits but he lives with his unstable uncle? My child's father was granted overnight visits but he lives with his uncle that suffers with depression, drinks, and has a temper. What should I do because I fears my child live?	Family Questions	California
Get state disability while off work due to an injury while collecting workers comp to equal my paycheck? Can i get state disability while off work due to an injury while collecting workers comp to equal my paycheck?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Do I have the legal right to demand a company's insurance information? Do I have the legal right to demand a company's insurance information?	Personal Injury Questions	California
If someone is texting my cell phone & I know the texts aren't friendly because we aren't friends, what do I do? if someone is texting my cell phone consistently and i know the texts aren't friendly because we aren't friends. what do i do?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
How do I petition a family court? How do I petition a family court? I want my sons case heard before a court of his peers of Native Americans.	Family Questions	California
Do I have to keep paying child support if my son is not in school and he is home schooled? Do I have to keep paying child support if my son is not in school and he is home schooled?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Are the last four digits of a SS# adequate on a video release form? Are the last four digits of a SS# adequate on a video release form?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
If a credit card company has a judgment against me can that take my only car? If a credit card company has a judgment against me can that take my only car?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Do I qualify for abandonment if I've been without my spouse for 9 months? i am looking to get a divorce. I have been without my spouse now for 9 months. Do I qualify for abandonment? What rights do I have to live my life and be single?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How long do I have to be removed from premises with a month-to-month lease? How long do I have to be removed from premises with a month-to-month lease?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is man entitled to returned child support if paternity disestablished? Can a man have his child support returned to him when he disestablishes paternity?The mother acknowledged in open court that she knew that I was not the father and that she knew who the real father was. Also under oath, she admitted for 2 years that she was returning the money to me.	Family Questions	Florida
Am I divorced if my husband was granted one but never filed the papers? If my husband was granted a divorce but never filed the papers with the court what does that mean? Are we divorced or not? It has been over five years.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
I was suspended from work told to clock out, was not given a reason or any paperwork stating why. Does my empolyer have to give reason and if so must it be in writing?	Employment Questions	California
Am I obligated to allow them to uninstall and exchange the product?  I purchased a medium quality product for my home, but mistakenly, the store delivered and installed a more expensive model. I paid the delivery crew the invoiced amount (for cheaper model) by credit card and signed the delivery receipt.  The store charged my credit card for the cheaper model. Now, the store owner is calling me daily trying to set up a time to come uninstall the premium model and exchange it for the correct model. I made arrangements with the store owner to meet me at my home (I took off work) to exchange it, but he never called or showed up that day.  Am I obligated to allow him to uninstall and exchange the product?  The difference in price of the two models is $800.	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is there anyway to stop this harassment? I recently fired an employee from my dental practice.  Since her departure, numerous baseless complaints have been filed at OSHA and the town's building and fire departments.  I have good reason to believe they are being filed by my former employee. Is there anyway to stop this harassment?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Do I have a chance in small claims court because it wasn't discovered for so long? I had furniture cleaned by a company. I did not notice that the chair was ripped in 4 places until 5 weeks later...their policy is 2 weeks.  They won't even come look at the chair saying it is impossible for their machine to rip a chair.  Do I have a chance in small claims court because it wasn't discovered for so long?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Adverse possession if I inherited property that has a shop that's assumed to belong with home? I just inherited property that has a shop that has been used and assumed to belong with the home on my property for 30 years. Is this an adverse possession?	Real Estate Questions	California
Possession of gift car if not in my name? If my mother brought me a car in 2006 as a graduation gift but the title is in her name and the car was intentionally brought for me what can I do if she keeps taking the car whenever she wants. And now i just brought the car from here in 2012 but she never switched the title over in my name. What can i do	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can a landlord demand a late fee for rent if they excepted a post dated check for the due date? Can a landlord demand a late fee for rent if they excepted a post dated check for the due date, but the due date lands on a legal holiday?	Real Estate Questions	California
I want to sue 2 people for interference with my marriage and emotional distress? I want to sue 2 people for interference with my marriage and emotional distress.  The first person, trying to join my husband's company, convinced him that I was jealous of her, causing him to say that I had to accept her or our marriage was over.  She had a friend lecture me about my jealousy.  I had only questioned the woman's fit in the business.  I was financially supporting my husband and his LLC with my income.  I then had a bad flare-up of Crohn's and left my job.  The woman and a member of the LLC, upset that I was not supporting them with $ demanded that I go back to work.   This has caused me to have Crohn's pain and diarrhea, anxiety and insomnia.  I no longer have a lot of trust in my husband.	Personal Injury Questions	New York
How can I get my name off the loan without filing for bankruptcy? My ex-husband was supposed to take my name off a mortgage loan according to our divorce papers he hasn't & is now filing for bankruptcy which leaves me with the loan. How can I get my name off the loan without filing for bankruptcy?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
If my credit report shows that I have a zero balance on my home, can I stop making house payments? My name is Randy, I filed chapter 7 bankruptcy in 2004. I have checked my credit every year for the past 5 years and I have also made house payments since I filed. My credit report shows that I have a zero balance on my home and that it was included in my bankruptcy. Does this mean that I can stop making house payments?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
If I filed for sole custody, can his father see him even though we have a court date in two months? If I filed for sole custody of my child, can his father see him even though we have a court date in two months?	Family Questions	New York
Can you marry the other person instead of the person you're getting a fiance visa from? I  came to the US  with my fiance and it's not working out with the person. I was going to get married but found someone that l got along great with. Can you marry the other person instead of the person you're getting a fiance visa from?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
If a founding member of my company disappears and is unreachable, what happens to his stock? If a founding member of my company disappears and is unreachable, what happens to his stock?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
After unemployment claims filed, how many weeks unemployment checks are paid? After unemployment claims filed, how many weeks unemployment checks are paid?	Employment Questions	California
Can I be sued because I no longer want to give a student of guitar lessons?  Can I be sued because I no longer want to give a student of mine guitar lessons? He often does not show up for scheduled lessons, and does not notify me. And he often pays me his monthly bill late.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If I would like to file for divorce do I have to file in NY or can I file in PA? I've been a PA resident for 6 years. My wife is a resident of NY and has never lived in PA. I would like to file for divorce. Do I have to file in NY or can I file in PA? No children under 21 involved.	Family Questions	California
Is Chapter 7 Bankruptcy a defense against conversion of condo funds by a trustee? Is Chapter 7 Bankruptcy a defense against conversion of condo funds by a trustee?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
Legal for an employer to force its staff to accompany a patient/resident in a nursing home out to smoke?  In the state of Florida, is it legal for an employer to force its staff to accompany a patient/resident in a nursing home out to smoke?  Staff has to sit there with cigarette smoke all around them.	Employment Questions	Florida
How does my daughter go about getting financial support from her separated husband? My daughter is separated from her husband and they have a 6-month-old son and another on the way. How does she go about getting financial support from the husband?	Family Questions	Florida
If I marry a dad that's paying child support will I have to pay too? If I marry a dad that's paying child support will I have to pay too?	Family Questions	California
How can I remove my girlfriend off the apartment when she doesn't pay anything but is on the lease? My girlfriend and I are on the lease.  I pay the rent and everything in the apartment has been purchased by me.  She has not been coming home at night and I have asked her to move.  I want her to leave the apartment.  What can I do?  I live in NYC.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Legal for the owner of the trailer park to break our contract? Two years ago, I signed an eight year contract for a loan for a trailer. The man that loaned me the money was the owner of the trailer park, and has no connections with a bank. Recently, he told me that the laws have changed in the state of Indiana and I now have to get a loan through a bank. I reapplied to a bank and got accepted, but the term is longer and I am not very happy. Is this legal for him to break our contract? I've always paid, and paid on time.	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Can they really make me testify against my own son?  I  have heard that I'm going to be subpoenaed by my sons ex-wife and ex-girlfriend in a child custody case. I had spoke with the guardian legal attorney when the battle began, but made it clear that I did not want my son to know I had spoke with her and that I didn't want anything further to do with the case. Can they really make me testify against my own son? I am very upset and don't know what to do. Thank you!	Family Questions	Illinois
Are privately owned hospitals exempt from unionization in Colorado? Are privately owned hospitals exempt from unionization in Colorado?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Can you sue company for a check?  Are you able to sue a company that gives you a check two weeks after they fire you?	Employment Questions	California
Do you have a right to collect your pay upon termination? Do you have a right to collect your pay upon termination?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I get my deposit back if I paid for a deer hunt with an outfitter who has passed away unexpectedly? I paid a deposit for a deer hunt with an outfitter who has passed away unexpectedly. Can I get my deposit back?	Consumer Questions	New York
Legal for a credit company to demand that I pay the whole bill and not offer a monthly payment? I owe a bill of $682 and offered a payment monthly to credit company but was told all or they were turning over to a lawyers hands. Is this legal?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
If my vehicle and was repo-ed due to late payments, can the dealership make me pay more on my car? If I own a vehicle and it was repo due to late payments, can the dealership make me pay more on my car than what's owed to get my car back?	Consumer Questions	California
Is there a common law marriage legal on IL? Is there a common law marriage legal on IL?	Family Questions	Illinois
What are the US regulations (Civil Code, et al) I can cite for restrictions on photocopying financial instruments and copyrighted works?  I would also like to cite the fines imposed for breach of those regulations.  Thank you.	Banking Law Questions,Copyright Questions,Finance Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Securities Questions	California
Can a person enter a contract while grieving the loss of a parent? Can a person enter a contract while grieving the loss of a parent? Son sold house, shortly after his disable mother passed away in a car accident. The house was sold to her boyfriend and the son now wants the  house back. Under NY law, does he have a course of action?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If my fiance died and his father had life insurance on him, but his father died a few years back, am I able to claim that for our son? If my fiance died and his father had life insurance on him, but his father died a few years back, am I able to claim that for our son?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Legal to require cashiers check when the rent payment is late? Is it legal to require cashiers check when the rent payment is late?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can the insurance lawyer force me to take new X-rays? I trip and fell on a broken sidewalk. Many X-rays were taking by the hospital where I was treated. Can the insurance lawyer force me to take new X-rays?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Can we file for an agreed divorce through the court? My husband and I reside in Tennessee and want to divorce-no marital assets or debt to divide, no minor children. I am enrolled in a 401K plan with my employer. Can we file for an agreed divorce through the court or is it necessary to obtain a lawyer because I am enrolled in the 401K plan?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What is house arrest? What is house arrest?	Family Questions	Michigan
Will displaying "free for commercial use" pictures infringe copyright? If a pictures says "free for commercial use," can i display that on my website without infringing copyright? The websites I used were findicons.com and softicons.com.	Copyright Questions	Missouri
Legal if my employer is not crediting any sick time or vacation time? As a employee working full-time, my employer is not crediting any sick time or vacation time. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	California
What is the legal limitation that a terminated employee may go back for back pay? What is the legal limitation that a terminated employee may go back for back pay?	Employment Questions	California
What to do if  went to the hospital for back and breathing problems and I was ignored during my visit? I went to the hospital for back and breathing problem. I get to hospital and they put me into respiratory arrest by accident. I got out of ICU and they put me with roommate who releases her bowls in room. I asked for private room and told  me to wait been hours and ignored.	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Who would be in charge of getting a will revised: lawyer or client? Who would be in charge of getting a will revised: lawyer or client?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Does a landlord have the right to evict you for no reason? if you live in a low rate apartment and pay your rent up to date, does the landlord have the right to evict you for no apparent reason.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can an employer dock your wages because you did not get everything done in a day? Can an employer dock your wages because you did not get everything done in a day?	Employment Questions	New York
Do I have the right to a week paid vacation per year? Do I have the right to a week paid vacation per year?	Employment Questions	New York
Legal if I'm not paid for the travel time to work when it takes 12 hours to travel? I live in the state of Missouri.  I have a mandatory meeting that is 6 hours from home.  12 hours travel time total and a 6-hour meeting.  I am told I will only be paid for the 6 hour meeting and must ride with someone else, even though I would prefer to drive.  Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Do I have to pay rent to the Trust Account even though my late father let me move in with him? Do I have to pay rent to the Trust Account even though my father let me move in with him and I had been living with him for over a year before he passed away in February?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Do I need to file at the County for conservator-ship if my father has dementia and his finances are a mess? My father is in the hospital. He has given me POA while he's under doctor's care.  Now, I am finding out, my father's dementia is very bad, and his finances are a mess.  Do I need to file at the County for conservator-ship, and how?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Does using book title as business title violate copyright? Does using the title of a book as the title of my business raise copyright issues?	Copyright Questions	Connecticut
Can my daughter, who is an American citizen, apply for her 16-year-old brother? My daughter is American citizen. Can she apply for her 16-year-old brother?	Immigration Questions	Florida
How many hours does a shift have to be? How many hours does a shift have to be?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Can I legally use the video names as recipe names?  I am starting a bakery business. I would like to name my recipes after popular internet video's (boom goes the dynamite, double rainbow, chocolate rain, etc.). I used the governments copyright and trademark search and found some are copyrighted some are trademarked to companies (double rainbow ice cream company, for example). I believe the trademark's are for logos and the copyrights are for the actual content. I am not sure if it would fall under fair use. I am not using the videos to sell my recipes so i do not believe I am devaluing the content. Can I legally use the video names as recipe names? if not, is there a way to obtain permission to use them?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Besides attorney fees, are there additional fees from the courts? Besides attorney fees, are there additional fees from the courts? If so, what are the cost?	Family Questions	California
How do I get power of attorney of someone that had a stroke? How do I get power of attorney of someone that had a stroke?	Family Questions	California
What documents do I need to travel with my partner's 10-year-old daughter? What documents do I need to travel with my partner's 10-year-old daughter?  I will be bringing her between parents and will be flying with her alone.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
Question about not receiving earned pocket expenses? I have worked for a Manufacturing Company in St. Louis for 14 Years. I live in Oregon and work as a Regional Sales Manager. I handle 11 Western States 3 Canadian Provinces. While in those years my out of pocket expenses where paid on a timely basis. The Owner died and the daughter/Family took over. Now I am waiting over 3 Months to receive my out of pocket expenses, in total disregard to their Company Policy? Policy is noted below: With these new policies in place, we should be able to issue expense checks on a weekly basis for you all and hopefully reduce over time the amount of expenses that you have to personally front.  If any of you have any questions or concerns, please let me know, and we can discuss those.  Thanks for all your help	Employment Questions	Oregon
What to do if social security is demanding that I pay them for overpaying me? I receive disability and social security has stated that I owe them $10,000 for myself and $3,000 for my son. It took them 2 years to let me know that they overpaid us and now they want me to pay the money back. When I spoke to someone regarding this matter and asked why did it take so long for them to discover this overpayment they response was that they don't have enough people to audit every year. I don't think this fair could someone please help with this matter? I'm a single mother and is in need of a third kidney transplant!	Family Questions	Maryland
Lawsuit from my former employer that I'm starting a similar company with their resources? I left my last IT job. They recently sent me a letter from the lawyers saying I broke the non compete agreement I signed when I worked for the company and have caused 7,500 dollars in damaged because of it. They paid me very little and I had an idea to start a side gig fixing home PCs and never officially ever starting anything, never registered anything, never worked on anyone's computer once. I just posted it on internet and they are saying I started a competing IT company while working for them and used their phone for the business that I never started. They were really mad I left even I gave the 2 weeks notice. Do they have a chance to actually pull this off even if I never started any business?	Employment Questions	Alabama
After the landlord does repair in the apartment will the rent go up if I have only lived for one year? After the landlord does repair in the apartment will the rent go up if I have only lived in this place for one year?	Real Estate Questions	California
Would it be a good idea if my daughter and her boyfriend rent the house together? HiMy daughter and boyfriend presently rent together and are currently looking to buy a house. Since he is able to give the down payment and pay the mortgage she is going to pay utilities and extras. He wants to put the mortgage in his name only and down the line put her name on. Is this a good idea?	Real Estate Questions	Rhode Island
As a Canadian company, how do we raise money from American citizens? We are a Canadian company, based in Canada and have expressions of interest from potential investors in Canada. We plan to raise money using a convertible note. What do we have to do raise money from American citizens? Thank you.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	PE
What can I do to get out of my contract? I signed a contract to join a direct buy and a few days ago. What can I do to get out of it?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Can we request proof of rates? I am an independent contract driver for a courier service. We provide STAT and scheduled deliveries for hospitals, clinics and pharmacies. The agreement states that we get paid 60-70% of what the company bills the customer. Can we request proof of what the company is charging the hospitals/clinics to ensure we are actually getting our fair percentage? We all know the enormous healthcare costs and I find it hard to believe that my company is actually charging $14.50 for us to rush to a clinic to pick up lab work and rush it to the hospital (especially when it's 20 miles away). When I started they gave me a sheet that gives "their rates" and our percentage of that rate; but I'm curious to see how much truth is to that sheet.	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
What is the law concerning purchasing only one of the items? If a retail store advertises a 2 items for a certain price, what is the law concerning purchasing only one of the items? Or purchasing 3 of the items?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
Can an already graded paper be recollected for re-evaluation? I submitted a paper to a teacher. She graded it and  handed it back. The next day, she re-collected my paper, and my paper only, saying that she gave me too high of a grade, and would dock points. Can an already graded paper be recollected for re-evaluation?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Will our assets be divided equally? If my wife and I got married in Las Vegas but we reside in California, if we divorced, will our assets be divided equally?	Family Questions	California
How can I do a divorce on my own if my husband is in the military? How can I do a divorce on my own? I have 2 kids and am a housewife. My husband is in the military.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Legal for an employer to record an employee while at work either on the phone? Is it legal for an employer to record an employee while at work either on the phone, internet use or recording at his desk?Thanks	Employment Questions	Virginia
Can a payday advance company report your SSN number to your county court? Can a payday advance company report your SSN number to your county court? I live in San Diego, CA.	Consumer Questions	California
I sold a motorcycle on contract.  It states in the contract that if he gets 2 months behind, I can take the bike back or let him catch up on payments and fees.  Now buyer won't answer my calls or texts.    Where do i start?	Contract Questions	Ohio
How do I go about getting a divorce and protecting my assets if I did not know I was married for 30 years? I found out about a year and a half ago that I have been married for nearly 30 years. I have no idea and I can't afford to file for divorce. How can I protect my family's assets? My Mother has Dementia and is 79. I believe he is waiting to see the outcome, so he can try to get part of what my parents worked for. He has never supported me or his 2 daughters. He claims he doesn't want anything, but has an Attorney for a divorce. He won't give me the name of this lawyer and hangs up on me whenever I ask. I raised 3 children on $650 a month and he never helped. It was my parents that made sure that if and when I was in a tight spot, I would be able to make it. What do I do? How do I go about getting a divorce and protecting assets?	Family Questions	California
Question about liability in an LLC. My mother owns an LLC dump truck business, for which my father is the sole employee/dump truck driver.  If he were to die would she be liable for the business since it is in her name?  They owe money on the dump truck, and he has several revolving credit lines open in his name and the business name but not my mother's even though she is the owner of the LLC.  Is she liable for all debts under the business name if my father passed away?  Could they be absolved under the LLC?  Would those debts have any right to any insurance policy that my mother has on him?  Thank you in advance for your help!	Corporate Questions	North Carolina
Can we be reimbursed for previous years if we have been paying for 5 bathrooms when we only have 1? My home was listed as having five bathrooms when it only has one.  This has been in place since before we purchased the home.  We have been paying taxes for five bathrooms for nine years.  Do we have any recourse here?  Can we be reimbursed for previous years?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
How do I go about changing my children's last name to mine since their dad can not be found and have nothing to do with them? How do I go about changing my children's last name to mine since their dad can not be found and have nothing to do with them?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Washington
Child supoort When I got divorced, I had papers drew up by an attorney that were notarized. The paper stated that I would pay 200 dollars a month for child support, which was agreed to and signed by the other party involved. Can she take me to court for more child support? The support has been paid and then some every month.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an employee own an LLC that is an independent contractor of the same company? Can someone who is an employee of a company also own an LLC company that is an independent contractor of the same company?	Employment Questions	Florida
How long can I run a food truck without a business license? How long can I run a food truck without a business license?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Utah
Do we have any custody rights as the grandparents? My husband and I had custody of our granddaughter since her birth in March 2007, in AL. The bio-parents signed adoption consents for my neice and her husband to adopt the child. We hired an attorney to fight the adoption, we were laughed out of court. Now, our girl is 4, acts out because she wants us. They will not allow any contact at all with us or with my parents, the child's great grandparents. No contact, no gifts, no mail, nothing.  We are in AL, they are in FL. Can we do anything? Do we have any rights?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
If I buy a house and let my son live there and he gets sued for some reason, am I liable if the house is in my name? If I buy a house and let my son live there and he gets sued for some reason, am I liable if the house is in my name?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is there a law called an affordable bond? Is there a law called an affordable bond?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can my employer tell my staff that I am being dismissed before he even tells me? Can my employer tell my staff that I am being dismissed before he even tells me?  I have not been given a formal verbal warning or a written warning.   He has never spoken to me about this.  Do I have any rights or recourse?  Thank you	Employment Questions	New York
If I'm on SSD am I still responsible to pay probation and court fees? If I'm on SSD am I still responsible to pay probation and court fees?	Family Questions	Florida
Can the credit card people come after our trailer home if my mother left a $6000 debt? 
 My mother just passed away and left a 6000.00 credit card debt. We still have to sell a trailer home of hers.Can the credit card people come after the money of the sale of the trailer home?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
I am writing a book on politics and media analysis. If I make mention of a specific news broadcast (e.g. ABC News on March 20 interviewed Mr. Jones, who stated ....) do I need then to seek permission from ABC News to use this information? I realize this is NOT fair use, I'm not academic.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Kentucky
Must a s corp carry product liability insurance? In New York state, must an s corp carry product liability insurance?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Breaking a property contract? Iam the owner for my house and thought I was interested and renting it. I signed a rental contract for a year with a realtor and have now changed my mind. The Contract was singed a month ago and the realtor hasn't started looking for anyone yet. Can I break the contract with no problem?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What is a closed end trust? What is a closed end trust?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a landlord terminate my lease if he proves I live in Florida and how can he prove it? I have an apartment in new York which I just signed a lease for, but I truly reside in Florida. Can a landlord terminate my lease if he proves I live in Florida and how can he prove it?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What is the hotel obligated to pay for breach of contract? I contracted with a hotel for meeting space and guest rooms.  2 months later hotel asked to relocate me for a  more lucrative contract. I agreed.  Hotel has done little for past 3 months, finally found a new hotel last week. I have lost thousands of $ in event registrations as I was unable to publish event schedule because of relocation. I informed hotel of this constantly.   Hotel's VP told me that  I would be paid damages for loss registrations and expenses. Hotel does not want to pay my expenses  or loss registrations due to them not finding me a hotel. Hotel currently has 2 signed contracts for the same space on the same dates with my contract being signed first. Is the hotel obligated to pay and what recourse do I have? The Event happened in May.	Contract Questions	Georgia
What rights do I have if I am present in a video? I was knowingly  filmed by a videographer whose reputation is less than stellar. The videographer may use the film on a youtube video that would be seen by thousands. It would affect my notoriety and ability to find a job. What rights do I have if I am present in the video?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have a case in getting retirement benefits from this company? I got laid off from Eastman Kodak in May of 2000. I was employed with them for 24 years. I'm about to turn 62 in a short while and was wondering if I have retirement benefits due from them. It was my understanding I don't. Do I have a case in getting retirement benefits from this company?	Employment Questions	Nevada
Can an employer take away/cut down on paid days off? Can an employer take away/cut down on paid days off?	Employment Questions	New York
Do I have any Legal way that discourages my former co-workers from taking my existing clients? I have a small Landscape gardening business and two of my employees have decided to go out and start their own business of similar nature in our area.  I know that I can not force them to sign a non compete agreement that I have written, but do I have any Legal way that discourages them from taking my existing clients?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
Am I entitled to half of my husband of 23 years is divorcing me? if I signed off on a property to my husband and no we are getting a divorce, am I entitled to 50% since we have been married for 23 years?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What are legal issues for starting education web service? Planning on starting a new web service for the education community and I need all the legal mainframe to do so.	Business Internet Questions,Copyright Questions	Texas
How long does it take for a divorce in California? How long does it take for a divorce in California?	Family Questions	California
Can a word be copyrighted (ex: "rattlers')?	Copyright Questions	Florida
I wrote an article for writers in which I cite two pages of a Hemingway story as an example.  If I give Hemingway credit, is it legal to use the two pages?  I would get paid for the article, which would appear in a major writing magazine.	Copyright Questions	Illinois
How do I go about a court hearing that's in another state? Good afternoon,It says on my Washington state court record (online) that there is a Supplemental Proceeding scheduled for May 9th 2012. I'm now a resident of Colorado and there is no way for me to attend this court hearing. How do I go about this?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
What are my legal rights as a working father fighting for the custody of my 3 kids? What are my legal rights as a working father fighting for the custody of my 3 kids? My wife is a stay at home mother and we bought a house that has no equity in it.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What should I do to protect my assets from my family when I have dementia? I Just signed a SNT Will today, with my husband. I have Dementia, but, I am totally fine for 5 yrs. I am a wreck about this will. If my husband passes, I believe all of our assets will go directly to the trust, leaving me with nothing. I have 3 sons, who are the beneficiaries, but I want to live on my own with my own money. They can have it all when I pass or the time comes that I am not capable of caring for myself. My husband thinks I am crazy for thinking this way. It would be a different story it was him. I am 68 yrs of age. sharp as a tack. What should I do?Victoria Kelley St. Petersburg, Florida	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
I am 18 years old & received a underage consumption ticket. I admitted to drinking earlier that night, the officer clearly stated that he could not tell that I was intoxicated. I refused a breathalyzer test, instead he did an eye following test. I live in montana is there any way to get out of this?	Criminal Questions	Montana
How can I get divorced? How can I get divorced?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	BC
When you get laid off for downsizing is the company suppose to call you back when your position is posted again? I wanted to know when you get laid off for downsizing is the company suppose to call you back when your position is posted again? I live in Philadelphia	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the next step if they don't leave? I just bought a single wide trailer in a park that is still occupied by tenants who already were given a 30-day notice to be out by 1-20-12. What do i do if they don't leave by 1-20-12?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
In a month to month lease how often can a landlord increase rent? In a month to month lease how often can a landlord increase rent?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it true that we would have to remain married to file bankruptcy and we would then be able to sell the home and split the proceeds? I live in Florida, am married and seeking a divorce, my husband has told me that if we are divorced we are not able to claim bankruptcy on the debt we have and therefore when our home is sold the proceeds would first pay the unsecured debt rather than be divided.  Is it true that we would have to remain married to file bankruptcy and we would then be able to sell the home and split the proceeds?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What can I do if I took my car to a repair shop and paid $700, but it was repaired properly?  What can I do if I took my car to a repair shop and paid $700, but it was repaired properly? I live in PA.	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Should we hire a lawyer? My daughter was arrested and charged with misdemeanor for underage drinking in the state of Georgia. Should we hire a lawyer or have her plead guilty and pay a fine?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
When a corporation's board of directors enter into a contract without two-thirds of everyone's consent, can it be  revoked? When a corporation's board of directors enter into a contract without two-thirds of everyone's consent, can it be  revoked?	Employment Questions	New York
Do contracts for personal service have to be in writing? Do contracts for personal service have to be in writing? Specifically for a home health aide sent by a licensed and insured agency?	Employment Questions	New York
Wouldn't the lien be protecting their interest? i owe about 3 thousand dollars in past due condo fees from 2 years ago. i have paid continually since then. The association put a lien on my condo in Dec of 2011. Why would I be getting a summons for court from the sheriff, and what do I do about this. Wouldn't the lien be protecting their interest? Please help.	Real Estate Questions	New Hampshire
Can a seller back out of the deal because they didn't want an FHA buyer? A seller agreed to an offer and the original offer letter showed a conventional loan, but then the bank told the buyers that they'd have to go with FHA because the 80 10 10 program isn't available. Can a seller back out of the deal because they didn't want an FHA buyer?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is my son responsible as an injured employee to get his own replacement? My son is a part time life guard at a YMCA.  He has been out of work for three weeks due to a broken wrist.  His supervisor told him he was not allowed to work.  She now says because he did not have anyone cover his shifts that he has essentially quit his job.  Is he responsible as an injured employee to get his own replacement?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Daughter forbids parents from seeing grandchild. Our daughter is not allowing us to see our granddaughter. What can we do to see her?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I file a small claims if I haven't received my returned security deposit? I have been waiting for a return security deposit from my last residency for over 30 days. Can I file a small claims against them?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I pursue my case if a judge found that I was not terminated for the reason given or that it didn't match? I recently won my unemployment appeal. The judge found I was not terminated for the reason given or that it didn't match. Is this something I can pursue?	Employment Questions	California
What to do if my husband is forcing me to sign unreasonable proposals? My husband moved out in March. Unknown to me he retained an attorney in 2009. I am afraid he has been setting me up since then. We have 2 minor children. I've been a stay-at-home mom for all 11 years. He has a demanding job that takes him away for days at a time with a Yearly income $100k. Our son has special needs. He has presented me with 3 very unreasonable proposals. I've refused to sign. He emptied all accounts so I wasn't able to get attny and sets up tape recordings and always claiming I'm drunk. Even went so far at one time to charge across room at me and shout I had punched him in the face, not true. He has history of domestic violence. Tells me life will be pure hell until I sign. Now he is claiming I'm unfit/ neglectful and has filed for custody. What do I do?	Family Questions	New York
Does the father have rights to take me to court to take my daughter from me? I have an 8-year-old daughter and I am full custodial parent. I have not been with the father in a few months and I have been kind enough to let her go with him to see her brother on his side. The last time she came back she told me her dad is bringing her to different women's houses and leaving her there over night. He informed me that my daughter is a liar and not to listen to nothing she says. She also informed me that she's not allowed to speak about my son which is also her fathers son as well but he cant let his family know due to conflict with his relationship with his other son's mother. Does he have rights to take me to court to take her from me? He has a past record as well but I live with my family will this affect me.	Family Questions	California
If I want to post my own poetry and writings on my website and my facebook page, how do I protect it from being used by another individual for profit as their material? None	Copyright Questions	Florida
Can I demand termination in writing? What are my termination rights? Can I demand termination in writing?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Am I responsible for cremation costs for my father if I have not seen him in over 15 years?  Am I responsible for cremation costs for my father if I have not seen him in over 15 years? The funeral home has already collected over 900 from the state of CT.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I sue my former attorney for damages?  This is related to a civil child custody case.	Family Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Texas
Can an employer charge an employee for materials that are used on an employers job site? Can an employer charge an employee for materials that are used on an employers job site? For example staples, nails and glues?	Employment Questions	Washington
What do I do if I discovered that possibly my daughter has been adopted without my consent? I discovered today that possibly my daughter has been adopted without my consent.	Family Questions	Michigan
Can my teacher tell my parents that I smoke cigarettes even if it's not at school? Can my teacher tell my parents that I smoke cigarettes even if it's not at school?	Employment Questions	California
Can I file a trademark application in one category and then file the same trademark name application for different categories at a later date? Can I file a trademark application in one category and then file the same trademark name application for different categories at a later date?	Intellectual Property Questions	Florida
Can you go to court for a credit card debt? Can you go to court for a credit card debt?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Does a man and a woman have equal rights to an unborn child? Does a man and a woman have equal rights to an unborn child?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I get all the corporate forms needed to run a S-Corp? Can I get all the corporate forms needed to run a S-Corp? Can anyone point me to an online resource (website perhaps) where I can get them? I am in PA by the way.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Pennsylvania
What legal actions can I take if my employer owes me one month of wages and she is not answering my calls? I was asked to work for a cleaning service and we verbally agreed on amount i would be paid.  I recently quit and this person owes me one month of wages. She is not answering her phone and avoiding paying me.  What legal action can I take?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the copyright law for selling items created from a pattern such as knit, crochet, or sewing?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Virginia
What do I need to get the startup to tell me in writing to make sure there are no issues later?  I'm thinking of joining a start-up that is offering me shares in the company as part of my compensation. What do I need to get them to tell me in writing to make sure there are no issues later? (e.g. vesting, when/how I can cash out, circumstances in which I can't cash out, dilution, etc.)	Employment Questions	New Jersey
How do I prevent non-custodial parent from obtaining custody if something were to happen to custodial parent? I have a 5 yr old daughter and since she was 2 I have had full legal and physical custody of her. Her father has never really been around he didn't show up to court when I was given custody.  He has now moved out of state. In the past 2 years, she has seen him twice. I want to know how do I go about keeping him from getting custody if something where to happen to me. We live in the state of California?	Family Questions	California
What could the possible penalty be for a 15-year-old boy having violated California penal code 538?  What could the possible penalty be for a 15 year old boy having violated California penal code 538 (d) (a)? He is diagnosed with ADHD and OCD.	Family Questions	California
In the state of Arizona if there is no marriage the mother is automatically the custodial parent even if the father is on the birth certificate.  What happens if the mother has passed away, does the father automatically get custody and become the custodial parent?	Family Questions	Arizona
Question about leasing? I found a place for rent and I called the landlord about renting it and she said we could rent it we just had to send the rent and security deposit immediately because we are out of state we couldn't take it to her. So we haven't signed a lease or anything, when should the rent be due the day we talked to her about renting, the day she received the money or when we sign the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
is there any issues with using etc., in a contract?   is there any issues with using etc., in a contract?  Does it leave the company open to take advantage of the situation by not providing a comprehensive list of all occurrences?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Does the original contract has any value & can we collect pay on work done in the last 9 months?  The owner of the corporation had invited me and my partner to be part of his corporation. We wrote out a contract in November of last year. Notarized and signed. It was between the three of us. It stated that me and my partner have undivided profit sharing of 50% and we will be part of the corporation as soon as it is restructured for 49% share holders. The corporation was restructured and we became shareholders. Keep in mind that we never actually paid in to the corporation share value set at $5.00 per share but signed all the paper work. Then he kicks us out! Does the original contract has any value? Can we collect pay on work done in the last 9 months? Can we collect damages of any sort for re directing our lives?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Do I get any compensation for showing up ready to work? I'm the oilfield trade. Got rained out last Wed. Showed up to the yard ready for work, was told that work had been stopped do to conditions? is do I get any compensation for showing up ready to work, or it depends on employer policy?	Employment Questions	California
Do employees have a right to demand raises at least once a year or is it at discretion of the employer? Do employees have a right to demand raises at least once a year or is it at discretion of the employer?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is it legal for me to send my ex just the wedding ring since he did not specify wedding ring and engagement ring? When splitting up property in a divorce, my husband stated "wife's wedding ring". Is it legal for me to send him just the wedding ring since he did not specify wedding ring and engagement ring?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Utah
Are oral agreements enforceable? Are oral agreements enforceable?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Is there a way to make a neighbor take down the old fence? A neighbor of mine put up a new stockade fence. However they did not take down the old metal chain link fence.The old fence is dented in places and is rusty.When I'm in my back yard I have to look at the two fences. The old chain link fence show up because the new stockade fence they put up is white. It looks so nasty. Is there a way to make him take down the old fence?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
If there are three owners on a property, can the house be sold if one owner oppose to the selling? If there are three owners on a property, can the house be sold if one owner oppose to the selling?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is my ex entitled to half of my retirement? I am getting a divorce in California. We have been married 10 years. Is he entitled to half of my retirement now?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I sue for profits earned through copyright infringement? Can I sue for share of profits earned through copyright infringement?	Copyright Questions	California
Can a teacher make a 6th grade student sit at a kindergarten table at lunch to degrade them? Can a teacher make a 6th grade student sit at a kindergarten table at lunch to degrade them?	Family Questions	New York
Is there anything I can do to stop a former employer from giving me a bad reference? I have just settled a Workers Comp case against my last employer and want to go to work.  I just found out that employer is now giving a bad reference to inquiries, stating that I will work for a little while then get hurt on the job then file a Workers Comp claim.  I have been unable to find employment because of this bad reference.  Is there anything I can do to put a stop to this?	Employment Questions	California
Legal not to get my promised paid vacation? I worked for a company for 1 and 1/2 years and was told when hired that I would receive 1 year paid vacation.  I never took any vacation and when I re-signed they did not pay me my vacation pay?  Is that legal?	Employment Questions	California
I need representation in a paternity suite, what is the difference from hiring an actual lawyer and using a service like for the child who uses a case advocate?	Family Questions	Kansas
I wanted to know can I get worker's comp for carpal tunnel? I wanted to know can I get worker's comp for carpal tunnel?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I void a contract as a seller legally if I'm having second thoughts on the agreed upon price? I am a seller who sold an item to a private party buyer 2 days ago. I'm having serious regret as to selling the item, but when I tried reasoning with the buyer he stated that we had a legal contract via email, which we did have an agreement. Can I void this contract as a seller legally if I'm having second thoughts on the agreed upon price?Mat	Consumer Questions	California
If there's a mandatory meeting, does the employer have to pay employees? If an employer in the state of California has a meeting that it is mandatory for some employees to attend does the employer have to pay employees attending the meeting?	Employment Questions	California
Is it illegal for a HVAC manufacturer to refuse to sell replacement parts to a HVAC service company to repair an HVAC system that the service company is servicing? Is it illegal for a HVAC manufacturer to refuse to sell replacement parts to a HVAC service company to repair an HVAC system that the service company is servicing?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
If my cousin is in the process of getting a divorce, does she have to legally change her last name if it's her ex husband's name? If my cousin is in the process of getting a divorce, does she have to legally change her last name if it's her ex husband's name?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
We don't have any kids or finances together but can I get alimony? We have been married for 1 year & he wants a divorce. We don't have any kids or finances together but can I get alimony?	Family Questions	Georgia
I directed, shot and edited a music video with a new artist doing an old song. She has her own CD and obviously has bought the necessary rights to the song for "covering" it. Do I need to overcome any additional copyright there may be for making the video, in terms of who wrote the lyrics and music? None	Copyright Questions	Florida
I have a business in Houston, Texas (day spa salon),  and the outside electronic box was stolen. Should the landlord, insurance or the owner be responsible for the replacement cost?	Leasing Questions	Texas
Paying off a loan default I'm in default of a credit card loan, and will be signing a loan consolidation tomorrow to pay it in full.  Today I received in the mail a summons to appear in court for being sued.  The amount is less than 5000.00.  Can I still pay this off?  Or do I have to go through court now?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
If someone records soundbites off of a news or talk show, replay it on an internet radio show for an audience, it is that a copyright infringement?	Copyright Questions	Texas
Summary judgement is? What is a summary judgement?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can I get out of the contract? I joined a local DirectBuy club in March of this year.  I have not used the club yet.  I have found myself in financial hardship since I joined the club.  I owe the IRS for taxes on settled debts and I have to pay them back. I put down $590 for this membership but have not started my monthly payments yet.  I can no longer afford to pay for this membership which is 176.00 per month. Can I get out of this contract?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Possible for my boss to fire me over a personal matter not pertaining to my job? Is it possible for my boss from work to fire me over a personal matter not pertaining to my job?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Do I have to give my daughters a 30-day notice and how do I get them out of my home?  I have two daughters  ages 33 and 20 and I have allowed to live in my home but they have made my life unbearable.   I want them to move.   I gave a 30 day written notice a form I printed off the internet for them both to leave on  4/12/12   Its becoming increasing more difficult to live with them.   Do I have to give them a 30 day notice?   How do I get them out of my home?	Real Estate Questions	California
In a separation, do you have to be divorced before leaving the United States? In a separation, do you have to be divorced before leaving the United States?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
How to get my name off mortgage when husband got the house in divorce?  how to get my name off mortgage when husband got the house in divorce? He did not buy me out, I simply walked away. He is upside down in the loan. Do I have any legal recourse?	Family Questions	California
Is it legal for a landlord to order a lease which states that they are investing the money and collecting interest? My landlord invested our security deposit and is collecting interest. I just received a 1099-INT from the bank. When I spoke to my landlord about this, they said it's in my lease which only states that they are investing the money and collecting interest, not that I will be responsible for paying the tax. Is this legal? How were they able to create a bank account without my authorization?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Law against revealing names of employees to outside sources? Is there a law against revealing names of employees to outside sources?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding legality of using names for business? A business partner left the company and started another company providing the same services with almost the same name. OUR COMPANY NAME IS capital shipping cargo. The other company name is em-barque capital. EMBARQUE IS THE SPANISH NAME FOR SHIPPING. Can he use that name?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Is there a legal way to get a tenant out of my property other than an eviction? I have a tenant that has not paid rent for nearly a year.  They were served a 30 day notice about 6 months ago.  Is there a legal way to get them out of my property other than an eviction?	Consumer Questions	California
Legal for a school teacher to go to class on Sundays to teach? A high school public school teacher requires his AP US History class to go to class on Sundays, from 6pm to 8pm.  This is not merely a review session, but actualy instruction for the exam.  Is this legal?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Will I be able to collect what my ex never gave me in child support? I have been separated from my husband for about 7 months and out of those 7 months he has only given me child support money twice. Will I be able to collect what he never gave me? We have 2 children together and he is currently receiving unemployment.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I be legally divorced without knowing? Can I be legally divorced without knowing?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it legal if I am one month late on my rent payment and my landlord put for rent signs outside my unit? Our question: "Is it legal if I am one month late on my rent payment and my landlord put for rent signs outside my unit? Advertising my apt for rent no legal letters or court dates ever mentioned. Is this legal?"	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What to do if the landlord is backing out of lease agreement 2 days after signing? What to do if the landlord is backing out of lease agreement 2 days after signing?	Real Estate Questions	California
Legal for the Sheriff's dept to take my handicapped grandson to a truck stop and just drop him off? I have a handicapped grandson that was just picked up by Charlotte Cty Fl. Sheriffs dept. He is a ward of the State being taken care of by the State. Is it legal for the Sheriff's dept to take him to a truck stop and just drop him off?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a renewal term of a contract be for longer period than the initial term? Can a renewal term of a contract be for longer period than the initial term?	Employment Questions	Florida
Are individual Chamber of Commerce board members liable in a suit of the Chamber, over and above its usual organization insurance coverage? Are individual Chamber of Commerce board members liable in a suit of the Chamber, over and above its usual organization insurance coverage?	Personal Injury Questions	Colorado
How do I go about getting the papers drawn up if the father wants to relinquish his rights to my unborn baby? The father wants to relinquish his rights to my unborn baby. How do I go about getting the papers drawn up?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Are there any tax liabilities for my brother and myself if my mother gave a gift of $300,000? My mother would like to gift both my brother and myself $300,000.00 this year. I understand this would be tax free this year because of the current gifting exemption that expires 12/31/12. Can she just transfer money, or do we need an attorney? Are there any tax liabilities for my brother and myself?	Family Questions	California
I worked for DJ through sub-contracted events. I waited weeks for pay and have not received it. Contracts state that after performance, money is due Friday. Tried to work things out. He expects me to continue for 4 more events. Says he could go bankrupt sometime soon also. What should I do?	Contract Questions,Employment Questions	Virginia
If I copy biographical material out of a book to put on Wikipedia, and get the consent of the author's next of kin,  is that a copyright violation or not? None	Copyright Questions	Florida
Can I get fired for filing a former complaint with my employer about a co-worker? I'm filing a former complaint with my employer about a co-worker. What steps does the employer have to take? And can they fire me for doing so?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Statutory provision for attorney's fees to a prevailing party in a post decree matter to modify a parent plan?  Is there a statutory provision for attorney's fees to a prevailing party in a post decree matter to modify a parenting plan?  The decree is in California and California law would apply.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Oregon
What can I do if the company refuses to give me my shares? I have a contract with a company to give me 3,000 shares to his company but the company is ignoring me when I try to reach them to get my shares. What should I do?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If a newspaper publishes an opinion piece that I authored, do I own the rights to the piece, and can I post it on my website? Or after it's published, does the publication own the rights?	Copyright Questions	Missouri
What is the relationship between volume and temperature? What is the relationship between volume and temperature?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
A UK government agency investigated a passing off claim against a new written product published for ... A UK government agency investigated a passing off claim against a new written product published for profit by a UK-based organisation with global offices (including the US office which developed the product). The UK agency upheld the complaint and asked the organisation to substantiate the claims in their marketing materials and on the product itself. The organisation could not do so and were forced to take down their claims from many international websites and promise to remove the claims in the next print run. Would this be submissible evidence to support a US claim for commercial plagiarism (plagiarized for commercial gain, author paid in excess of $2500), if the author of the offending work was a US resident?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Is it possible to write a patent over an idea that another existing company already offers as a service?  Is it possible to write a patent over an idea that another existing company already offers as a service? (patent in the US)	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
I have a meeting with an investor for my idea, a service model that I have been doing but I am takin... I have a meeting with an investor for my idea, a service model that I have been doing but I am taking it to the next level with more options aka expansion on a new platform. I have an idea how the business process should work, what products we will deliver and how we charge for that "product" based on 10-year doing it. How do I copyright this "idea" BEFORE I speak with the investor next week? I am in Texas. I need his investment for expansion, given his background it could be a perfect fit but I don't want to lose my rights to this "idea", I don't even know if the partnership will end up happening. I am sending him an NDA of course. What else do I need?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
If Real Estate Relinquished in Chapter 7 Will Owner Be Liable? If real estate is relinquished in a Chapter 7 case and the mortgage discharged, can the mortgagee get a money judgment against the mortgagee after discharge?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
My ex-husband's live-in fiancee has been a real problem for a long time now.  She is always looking ... My ex-husband's live-in fiancee has been a real problem for a long time now.  She is always looking to find fault in me with my son (who lives with them 50% of the time).  I have so many emails where she is calling me names or telling me I'm a bad parent, etc.  My ex-husband always defends her and then comes down on me too.  I've always tried to be nice for the best interest of my son but I'm afraid they or at least she is bad mouthing me in front of him.  We live in NC and I would like to know what my options are to put an end to her behavior.	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can my U.S. born girlfriend file a I-120 and I-485 forms for me? I'm Italian I came to USA under fiance visa K-1. After 2 months, my then fiance didn't married me. now 6 years has pass and i having a baby with my girlfriend who is a USA citizen. We are getting married soon. Can she file a I-130 and I-485 forms here for me? I don't want to be deported. this is my first child and i love my girlfriend. please help me. Thank you.	Immigration Questions	North Carolina
I f I request an extension of time to summit my opposing Summary Judgment and do not hear from the J... What If I request an extension of time to summit my opposition to Summary Judgment and do not hear from the Judge within a day before it is to be submitted.	Employment Questions	New York
Is there a way to just make my mom no longer the conservator of my late father's retirement account? I have a retirement account from my deceased Dad. I'm 22. My mom is the conservator on the account. we recently took out money to get me a car. She is making the payments on it for me. I want to make them and have some money till my next job gets going. The car is in my name. Can I get my money back from her? Is there a way to just make her no longer the conservator?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Creditor Reported Delinquency Post-Discharge for a Discharged Debt Filed for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy and was discharged in February 2009. In April of 2011 Infiniti Financial Services, which had  been notified in the filing as a creditor, reported me to Experian as "delinquent." I contacted Infiniti, who amended the notice to show that I had a zero balance; but did not backdate or completely remove the delinquency from my credit report. I disputed the notice with Experian, which claims that since the "delinquency" was verified by Infiniti it has no further obligation.	Consumer Questions	Illinois
How do I collect money owed to me from a person who went bankrupt many years ago? i won a decision a while back in the late 80's. The employer went belly up and filed bankruptcy. He listed all his debtors and paid them off. However, he disappeared before the commission notified him of payment that he owed me money. It said that it needed to wait for him to surface. He has with the same company. How can I collect after all these years?	Bankruptcy Questions	California
Does my son from current marriage figure into the support equation since he is a dependent of mine? I pay child support for two daughters from last marriage. Does my son from current marriage figure into the support equation since he is a dependent of mine as well?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding charged with driving on a suspended license and leaving the scene? My name is William Hogan. I was charged with driving on a suspended license and leaving the scene of an accident after I was rear ended in a friends car on Oct. 25th. Do I have any power in this situation to fight the charges? I left the scene but don't know if I can fight the charges or not. There is no one except the young lady that hit me that can testify I was driving. I gave her my I.D. Card though and that is how the officers found me. If I make a statement to the insurance company telling them I was driving is that something that will come to bear on me in court? Sandy, Utah.	Criminal Questions	Utah
Child Support when Ex-husband is Changing Jobs My ex-husband is leaving a government job and starting his own business. Our divorce agreement states that he will pay the sum of $875 every 2 weeks, via automatic deduction.My questions are: 1) If he doesn't make enough to pay the $875 payments, what should I do? 2) Is there anything I should do at this point?	Family Questions	Illinois
Must I fire attorney A before I speak to attorney B to represent me? In North Carolina, if you have a lawyer working on a civil case and you want to switch lawyers before your trial date, do you need to fire your current lawyer before you can speak to a new potential lawyer to possibly represent you?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
How often and how much can a landlord raise your rent?  How often and how much can a landlord raise your rent? Mine has been raised 3 times in 12 months, $30 at a time.	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
What is the risk of using references to prior art that are critical? What is the risk of using references to prior art that are critical to the understanding of function and novelty in a provisional application for method and appratus?	Patent Questions	California
What is legal status of patents belonging to dissolved company? My company has found some patents that our product could be violating. The patents, however, belong to a company that has since dissolved. What is the legal status of those patents, and if we still have to respect them, who can we contact?	Litigation Law Questions,Patent Questions	California
Can I press charges if landlord opens my mail? If my landlord opened my mail, even accidental, can I press charges?	Leasing Questions	Georgia
Is it legal to reverse engineer software format to provide interoperability of own software? Is it legal to reverse engineer the file format of a desktop software package for the sole purpose of interoperability of software we have written.  Our software inter-operates with many programs like this to provide interoperability between them all.	Copyright Questions,Information Technology Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Network/Hosting Questions,Software Questions	Utah
Can I demand monetary compensation from a utility company using my private property to install new equipment in my front yard instead of using the easement in the back of my property? Can I demand monetary compensation from a utility company using my private property to install new equipment in my front yard instead of using the easement in the back of my property?	Real Estate Questions	California
How will my possessions be affected when I break lease? I was wondering, I am now in a contract for a business which I signed the business name and my name personal and I have to break the lease. Everything I own is in my wifes name and mine. She is not on the lease at all. What can they get of mine if they try to?	Commercial Questions,Leasing Questions,Legal Questions,Retail Law Questions	Florida
Obligated to accelerate stock options of terminated employee? A former employee claims that he was verbally promised accelerated vesting of his stock options upon his departure.  He is now demanding that the company act on this promise, and is threatening to sue.  Do I have a legal obligation to accelerate his options, and what arguments would our company face against him in court?	Employment Questions,Securities Questions	California
Does independent contractor software coder have rights to already developed software? We hired a Independent Contractor software coder to design a system we use for managing our operations. We gave him the specs, the inputs  and outputs, report design etc.Now he has started another project with someone else and we need to get the programs back in our control so we can continue with modifications and complete it.1) does the coder have any rights to the software already developed? what are they?2) what are our rights in continuing our project?	Contract Questions,Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	California
How many interrogatories and request for admissions allowed in California Civil Discovery? I wanted to clarify the number of interrogatories and request for admissions that are allowed during discovery in CA. Is it possible to combine 1 set of form interrogatories, 35 special interrogatories and unlimited request for admissions?Are you limited to 35 questions on the form interrogatories? Are you allowed to add unlimited requests for admission?Thank you	California Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
How to limit liability for web development advice? I have written up about 1700 words of way to make money with a specific web application and want the to give the description to a customer. I do not wish to be liable for that advice or for any actions taken after reading it. So what can I give to my customer to minimize liability and say: "this is what I think, but you should still conduct research or ask a professional."	Business Internet Questions,Consulting Law Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,eCommerce Law Questions	Illinois
Do I qualify for group health insurance if I incorporate as S-corp? I want to pursue opportunities as a consultant in North Carolina.  If I leave my job, I will lose access to my group health insurance. Extending under COBRA only adds 18 months--won't get me to Medicare.  An acquaintance described a solution--incorporate as a Chapter S Corporation.  In North Carolina the corporation with one employee qualifies as a group for health insurance purposes.  Purchase group insurance from Blue Cross/Blue Shield with myself as the sole group member (wife is covered as a dependent).  Could this actually work?  What sort of business and tax pitfalls might I be creating for my consulting business?	Consulting Law Questions,Corporate Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Health Care Questions,Insurance Questions	North Carolina
Do I qualify for group health insurance if I incorporate as S-corp? I want to pursue opportunities as a consultant in Building Automation--based in North Carolina.  If I leave my job, I will lose access to my group health insurance. Extending under COBRA only adds 18 months--won't get me to Medicare.  An acquaintance described a solution--incorporate as a Chapter S Corporation.  In North Carolina the corporation with one employee qualifies as a group for health insurance purposes.  Purchase group insurance from Blue Cross/Blue Shield with myself as the sole group member (wife is covered as a dependent).  Could this actually work?  What sort of business and tax pitfalls might I be creating for my consulting business?	Corporate Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,ERISA Questions,Health Care Questions,Insurance Questions,Tax Questions	North Carolina
Pros and cons of exclusive license agreement? My cash-strapped startup has been approached by a potential licensee that has offered a substantial upfront payment in exchange for an exclusive license. This infusion of cash would be great as it would provide much needed funds. But, I want to be able to still license our technology to others in the future.  How can I work out a compromise with the licensor?	Technology Questions	California
/questions/829a9cc8ec/what-is-the-tax-implication-between-severance-pay-/

How much should I change copyrighted house plan to avoid infringement? How much do I have to change a copyrighted house plan to avoid infringement?	Copyright Questions,International Business Law Questions	Pennsylvania
Issues with distributor assigning software distribution agreement? I am entering into an agreement with a software distributor to sell my company's software.  The software distributor has asked if it can assign the agreement in the future.  I have no problems with it, but what issues can arise if I do agree to allow the software distributor to assign the agreement?	Technology Questions	California
Is it legal for landlord to change locks due to unpaid rent? Can a Landlord change the locks on a business rental for non payment of rent?	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
Types of due diligence to perform on new hires? My company is about to hire a senior engineer from one of our competitors.  What type of due diligence should our company perform prior to hiring this engineer?	Employment Questions,Trade Secret Questions	California
Insider trading laws for investing in non publicly traded companies? Wondering what the general regulations/laws are for VC or private single investors to invest in non-publicly traded companies such as startups. In particular, I have an opportunity to invest 25-50K as a family/friend for Series B shares in a medical device company based in Calif. Are there any regulations as to what information I can find out and use (is there such a thing as 'insider trading') in this setting to make the investment? For instance, if I contacted someone running a trial regarding results, or if the startup employees disclosed to me trade secrets for publicly traded companies I understand that's a huge SEC violation. What about for early or late stage startups that are not publicly traded? Thanks for your time and help!	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Securities Questions	California
Is there a way to be married without "household" income? My fiance's ex-wife is threatening to modify the child support to include my income after we are married.  Is there a way to be married without "household" income?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Insider trading laws for investing in non publicly traded companies? Wondering what the general regulations/laws are for VC or private single investors to invest in non-publicly traded companies such as startups. In particular, I have an opportunity to invest 25-50K as a family/friend for Series B shares in a medical device company based in Calif. Are there any regulations as to what information I can find out and use (is there such a thing as 'insider trading') in this setting to make the investment? For instance, if I contacted someone running a trial regarding results, or if the startup employees disclosed to me trade secrets for publicly traded companies I understand that's a huge SEC violation. What about for early or late stage startups that are not publicly traded? Thanks for your time and help!	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Securities Questions	California
Can you file for divorce in a different county in CA if the first case is still open? Can you file for divorce in a different county in CA if the first case is still open?	Family Questions	California
Ex-girlfriend received papers for child support but doesn't want it. My ex-girlfriend and I have a child together. We both agreed to share custody and keep the courts out of it. The mother is unemployed and I pay for almost everything the child needs. She has received papers from child support office, she doesn't need or want court ordered support. What should we do?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Am I allowed to leave my son with my fiance or do I have to let the non-custodial father (FL) who does not pay child support keep him? I am in the military (GA) and about to deploy and I want to leave my son with my fiance. Am I allowed to do that or do I have to let the non-custodial father (FL) who does not pay child support keep him?	Family Questions	California
Legal for my employer to discuss the results of my drug test in the presence of co-workers? My employer implements random drug testing. Is it legal for them to discuss the results of my drug test in the presence of at least 3 co-workers that have absolutely no need-to-know? Does this violate any right to privacy or business ethics laws?	Employment Questions	California
How many interrogatories and request for admissions allowed in California Civil Discovery? I wanted to clarify the number of interrogatories and requests for admissions that are allowed during discovery in CA. Is it possible to combine 1 set of form interrogatories, 35 special interrogatories and an unlimited request for admissions?Are you limited to 35 questions on the form interrogatories? Are you allowed to add unlimited requests for admission?Thank you	Administrative Law Questions,California Questions,Commercial Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
How to release anonymized usage data collected from website with minimal liability? I am considering releasing anonymized usage data collected from my company's website to third parties, potential partners, and sponsors for their marketing and advertising purposes.  What can I do to minimize liability and comply with applicable laws?	Advertising Law Questions,Internet Law Questions,Privacy Questions	California
Optional Practical Training jobs SSN tax exemption Is a student working on OPT exempted from SSN tax?	Employment Questions,Immigration Questions	California
Can I pay for code development with shares of the corporation? OK, I'm incorporated here in California and have reached the point where I need some code developed/written. I need to pay the coders so that I own the code but need to pay them with stock/options. I've been allocated 10 million shares.  Do I just write a statement saying they now have x many shares/options or is there more to it than that? Value is $.10/share.	Corporate Questions,Employment Questions	California
Do I have to live in a state that recognizes common law marriages to be married that way? I live in Pennsylvania. Do I have to live in a state that recognizes common law marriages to be married that way or can I just go there and get an affidavit form notarized stated that me and my partner agree to be married?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How many shareholders can a S-Corp have? My company is setup as an S Corp, and I'd like to bring investors in as shareholders. Is there a limit or difference between how many shareholders can be part of an S Corp versus the standard C Corp?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Securities Questions	Idaho
How can I have the insurance company send me a copy of policy contract? I have a Homeowner Insurance claim in progress in New York City.I have written to the insurance company several times, requesting them to provide me with a copy of the policy contract.I have not received anything so far; and it has been more than four and half months since the date of loss.How can I have the insurance company send me a copy of policy contract?	Contract Questions	California
Does my wife have any legal claim to the boat? My wife was given a 24 ft boat (value aprox3k) by our land lord.  The land lords father passed two years ago and he gave her the boat then.. About a month ago, my wife received the power of attorney to get the title into her name.  Now the land lord and his wife are getting divorced and the soon to be ex-wife is claiming the boat for herself to use to pay off debt.  Does my wife have any legal claim to the boat?	Consumer Questions	California
I've been divorced 2 years after 4 years of marriage.  The house was in my name but the divorce sett... I've been divorced 2 years after 4 years of marriage.  The house was in my name but the divorce settlement says my ex gets 80% of net proceeds from the sale.  There is no equity in the home and I probably would lose money if I sold it.  I've rented it for the last 2 years because we couldn't sell it and have paid an extra $300 per month in mortgage and maintenance costs.  She is now telling me she wants me to pay her portion of the equity.  Can she do this?  Can I make her reimburse me for my added expenses and get her to pay a portion of them going forward?	Family Questions	California
I want to know how to dispute/remove an executor based on lack of trust and incompetenceMy mom die... I want to know how to dispute/remove an executor based on lack of trust and incompetence.My mom died in hawaii; we found a holographic will (will questionaire) signed/dated.Executor is Mary (fake names)Conservator is SusanBeneficiaries are My sister, Nephew (1 yr old), and MyselfWe have a recording and eye witness of Mary ransacking the house while my mom was in the same room.To prevent further abuse I used affidavit part of hawaii law and claimed my moms bank accounts.Since then, Mary has hired her mom as a lawyer and has made claims to pay her mom the rest of the estate.Both me and my sister would like this not to go to probate, we live in different states, and the estate is less than $5,000.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
With my divorce decree, does it mean that I receive my spousal support on the first day of the month? My divorce decree states:  $250.00 per month to Tarsilla M. Wicker for permanent spousal support, beginning February 1, 1996. Does this mean that I am supposed to receive my spousal support on the first day of the month thereafter?	Family Questions	California
/questions/9b60ce9955/legal-off-duty-police-officer-to-run-plates-for-pe/

If both parties were not notified and only relates to one, is this appointment valid? A conservator was appointed to handle my mothers affairs.  However he  was not informed of a power of attorney granting both siblings this power,  the grounds were that one sibling was not handling the affairs correctly.  However , the court and the court appointed attorney, now conservator, never knew of the  power of attorney.  The other  sibling was never notified  of the proceedings.Being that both parties  were not notified, and the conservatorship  relates to only one of the siblings, is this appointment valid?  shouldn't the process have been to move to one sibling first?  the state is Alabama.Please advise	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What to do if I entered into a contract with Love Bug & I want to cancel my membership agreement? Dear Law Pivot,I entered into a contract with Love Bug, a dating service yesterday, and I wish to know if I can cancel my membership agreement?	Consumer Questions,Finance Questions	California
How much time to vacate rental home if being sold in short sale before end of lease? "The house I've been renting is being sold in a short sale. My lease does not end until November 2011. Does it have any effect on how much time I have to vacate the premises?"	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Which state best for creating Brazilian company's US subsidiary? We are creating an U.S subsidiary for our Brazilian Company. Considering that the subsidiary will be fully controlled operational company, would it be better, in terms of simplicity and costs, create it in the state where we will have people (ex: CA or NY) instead of incorporate in Delaware? The idea would be simplify the operation, trying to deal with just one state...	Corporate Questions	California
When to restrict file sharing abroad? My internet company provides file sharing services for its users.  We plan to expand the service to other countries.  Because files would be shared internationally over our system, are there some situations where I would need to restrict sharing between certain individuals and countries?	International Trade Questions,Internet Law Questions	California
Pros and cons of LLC versus Corporation for Venture Capital Funding? Hi,We are a startup funded by venture capital in a country overseas and we will have to create a subsidiary in US to support our operations.So, what would be better:Inc or LLC?Incorporate a subsidiary in Delaware for instance or in the state that we want to have a presence, we have been thinking about CA or NYThe plan is to get funded in US in the future, so probably, at this time, we should become an American company. Would the answer to the last question support this operation in the future ?  Thanks	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,International Business Law Questions,Internet Questions	District of Columbia
Does company recently getting publicity need trademark? I run a website, and our company and brand that is getting a lot of publicity lately on Twitter and Facebook. Should I immediately file a trademark to protect it?	Business Internet Questions,Internet Questions,Trademark Questions	Wisconsin
How to pay taxes on revenues generated by site? My internet site is formed under an LLC.  It is making money now and I was wondering what steps we need to take to pay taxes on revenues generated by it?	Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	California
Founder stock taxation. let say i'm incorporating my start up with 250M shares with a par value of .01 and i gave myself 35% of the company owning 87.5M shares.does that mean i have to pay some sort of tax for my 87.5M shares. i was told that i actually need to contribute in cash in order to get my shares at the par value price if not i will still need to pay it when i do my taxes; is this true or can i just get shares as "services rendered".	Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	New York
Will bank honor restraining notice from judgement creditor? If there is a New York State civil money judgment against a NYS resident and the NYS resident has account in his own name in an out of state bank, the bank has NO branches/addresses in NYS, judgment creditor sends a restraining notice to the bankWill the bank honor it?	Banking Law Questions,Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Questions,Financial Questions,Legal Questions	New York
Does sales tax apply to small prizes in CA? A restaurant (owned by a for profit corporation) has contests where people may win the equivalent of approximately $50 in food.  In CA, does any sales tax apply to these prizes?	Games Law Questions,Tax Questions	California
What IP issues in including product in domain name owned by company making its accessories? My company makes accessories for a very popular product.  I plan on having our company's domain name include the name of that product alongside other text which indicates we make accessories for that device.  What intellectual property and trademark issues do I face by doing this?	Intellectual Property Questions,Internet Law Questions,Retail Law Questions,Trademark Questions	California
How to address industrial espionage from competitor? I have a small business that provides software to restaurants. The software enables restaurants to use interactive menus. There are a few companies offering software in this space and there isn't much public information on the offerings from any of them.  Recently, one of my competitors called us and misrepresented themselves as a potential customer (claiming to be a restaurant). They were able to get information from my company that we only give to customers and potential customers, such as our detailed software specs, equipment rental/leasing options and our pricing.Is there anything I could do from a legal standpoint? Would it just be a waste of time to initiate any legal action? We are a small business w/ limited resources.	Intellectual Property Questions,Trade Secret Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Illinois
Is it necessary to form legal entity for website supported only by ad revenue? I have a website where all the content is originally authored by me and several colleagues.  The website is supported only by advertising revenue.  Is it necessary to create a legal entity for a website that is supported only by advertising revenue?	Advertising Law Questions,Corporate Questions,Internet Law Questions	California
What requirements for running online sweepstakes or contest? Hello, my company is interested in running an online contest or sweepstakes through the Facebook platform, as part of an incentive to encourage users to use our price comparison service. This service is free to the user to search the respective product. We are based out of Brooklyn, New York and conduct all of our business online. Are there any specific rules we have to follow, such as whether any states prohibit their residents from entering a sweepstakes or contest? The prizes we would consider giving out would be $600 or less in value. Are there any services that can handle a sweepstakes or contest promotion that follows a format that provides adequate legal protection?	Advertising Law Questions,Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Internet Law Questions,Legal Questions	New York
Does company own rights to materials submitted by site users? Our company publishes content submitted by our users on our social networking website to attract like-minded users.  Because it has been voluntarily submitted to our site, does our company own the rights to the work?	Business Internet Questions,Consumer Internet Questions,Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Internet Law Questions	New York
Is it okay to reset vesting schedule? The venture capital firm with which our company is currently in negotiation wants to reset our vesting schedule by pulling it back a year or two.  We are already on the industry standard four year vesting schedule.  Should I be concerned here?	Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Securities Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
What is ideal corporate entity for clean tech company seeking funding? I want to form a company around a new type of clean technology my colleagues recently developed and successfully tested.  In order to scale our testing, we will need additional funding.  What would be the ideal corporate entity we should form so we can secure funding soon and will be practical to setup?	Clean Tech/Green Tech Questions,Corporate Questions	California
If an individual claims to be an employee but files a tax return as an independent contractor, can the California employer argue that the individual was in fact an independent contractor without such an agreement actually being signed? An individual claims to be an employee, for the purpose of a lawsuit, but files a tax return as an independent contractor. Can the California employer argue that the individual was in fact an independent contractor without such an independent contractor agreement actually being signed?	Employment Questions	California
Can I record with both audio and video equipment in my workplace? I have a camera system that records in the main work areas. I want to add audio to some of the cameras. Do i need to do anything up-front regarding the law aspect of this?	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal if I was denied application to rent a property recently because the homeowners insurance does not allow dogs when I have a service dog? I have a service dog but was denied application to rent a property recently because the homeowners insurance does not allow dogs. Is this legal?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Why would an at-will employer have an employee sign a release? I worked for an at-will employer and I was unexpectedly let go. They told me if I sign a 6 page Mutual Release and Separation Agreement contract then they will pay me 3 months salary and my remaining vacation hours. In return for signing this, I agree not to bring forth any legal issues and promise not to disclose any information regarding the company or anything I might know. They also told me that the purpose of the 3 months salary is because of my age. I have never heard of such a thing. Is what they are doing legal?	Employment Questions	California
Are Foreign Workers in California subjected to taxes? A foreign company wants to send employees to work in its US subsidiary in California under L1 visas. The employees will continue be paid by their normal wages (which is much lower than US salaries) in the foreign countries. Are they required to be paid in US as well? Are they subjects to US and California employment laws such as minimum wage and social security tax?	Employment Questions	California
Is it OK for an independent contractor act as a corporate officer like CEO for a foreign business? A foreign business set up a corporation subsidiary in the state of California. It does not have any employees at this time. I was asked to run the subsidiary as a CEO but with no salary. I will be compensated by sales commission as an independent contractor. Is it OK for an independent contractor act as a corporate officer like CEO?	Corporate Questions,Employment Questions	California
To protect from employee liability issues, is it wise for us to setup a sister company and transfer the employees?  Our company has 30 employees that are out in the field. To protect from employee liability issues, is it wise for us to setup a sister company (possibly with family members as shareholders) and transfer the 30 employees? Also what are the pros and cons to this? Also what exposure will our company have if the sister company gets sued?	Corporate Questions,Partnership Questions	California
Any legal action I can take to make my neighbor quiet his truck? One of my neighbors has a Dodge Ram Truck with high suspension, large tires & it makes a lot of noise. He wakes me & my wife up around a quarter to six & a quarter after six Monday through Friday. A week ago Friday he got us up at quarter after five. I asked him today if he could make his truck quieter. He said he could push it up the street before starting! Is there anything legal action I can take to make him quiet his truck?	Personal Injury Questions,Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there a way to opt-out of an HOA agreement? My HOA wants to charge me a late fee of over 40% of the monthly fees - is this legit?  Is there a way to opt-out of an HOA agreement?	Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Do the buyers have any recourse on the signed AOS? In PA, if the Listing Agent has a signed AOS from the seller (however missing an initial from buyer to increase the price of property from $390K to $395K) and while the listing agent is waiting to send that person receives another offer on the same location.  Do the buyers have any recourse on the signed AOS even though the document was not delivered to the buyers agent?	Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
What information rights does common shareholder have? I own approximately 8% of a company.  What information rights do I have in terms of examining their books, financials, and other board metrics?  The company is a Delaware C-Corporation. The company and I are located in California.	Corporate Questions	California
IP rights - Independant Contractor Software Coder vs Designer We hired a Independent Contractor software coder to design a system we use for managing our operations. We gave him the specs, the inputs  and outputs, report design etc.Now he has started another project with someone else and we need to get the programs back in our control so we can continue with modifications and complete it.1) does the coder have any rights to the software already developed? what are they?2) what are our rights in continuing our project?	Copyright Questions,Information Technology Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Internet Questions,Software Questions	California
Possible for competitor to sue over similarities in software?  My company developed a software program whose idea is similar to that of a competitor's program although the look, feel, and functionality is totally different.  I am worried that the competitor might sue me for infringement. Should I be concerned?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Software Questions	California
/questions/a4897eac5e/how-to-protect-company-ip-and-what-to-include-in-n/

Issues with perpetual technology license request? I am in the process of negotiating a technology licensing agreement where the other side wants a perpetual license in exchange for access to a key partnership opportunities we need.  Are there any issues with which we should be concerned regarding their request for a perpetual license?	Technology Questions	California
Issues with assigning software licensing agreement to acquirer? I am negotiating a software licensing agreement as a licensee where my company is only using software for internal processing purposes only.  However, our company is in the process of being acquired and the acquiring company wants to be able to use it when the acquisition is complete.  Are there any issues with assigning the agreement to the acquiring company?	Technology Questions	California
How to determine royalty rates for chemical compounds? My biotechnology company has a just discovered compound that we want to license, but are unsure of the royalty rates.  What are some resources to determine the royalty rates for chemical compounds?	Biotechnology Law Questions,Technology Questions	California
How to narrow field of use in technology licensing agreement? My biotech company recently discovered a compound that is very effective in reducing bad cholesterol and treating headaches.  A pharmaceutical company that makes aspirin is interested in licensing the compound.  I am interested in licensing the compound, but I don't want them to exploit the other therapeutic effects of the compound.  How should I narrow the field of use in the licensing agreement so that the pharmaceutical company only uses the compound for a specific purpose?	Biotechnology Law Questions,Technology Questions	California
How to protect company name when used by others on social networking site. My company discovered that a private individual is using our company's name as their username on a prominent social networking site.  Currently, their use has been benign and the content so far is completely unrelated to our business.  What can I do to protect my company's goodwill, including getting the user to change their user name?	Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	California
How to create parent company for already incorporated startups? I want to create a parent company for the various startups with which I am involved.   Each of my startups are already incorporated.   What is the best way to set this up?	Corporate Questions	California
How can I have all future PayPal payments directed to me instead of another for tax purposes? PayPal sent my wife a 1099 because she sold goods on eBay. How can I have all future payments directed to me (not my wife) and pay any future taxes myself?	Commercial Questions,Tax Questions	Illinois
How to negotiate liquidation preference on investor term sheet?  One of our prospective investors wants a very aggressive liquidation preference (4x) in our proposed term sheet. We realize that it could reduce our what we receive upon exit.  How should we negotiate this term?	Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
Does company own rights to materials submitted by site users? Our company publishes content submitted by our users on our social networking website to attract like-minded users.  Because it has been voluntarily submitted to our site, does our company own the rights to the work?	Business Internet Questions,Consumer Internet Questions,Copyright Questions,Internet Law Questions	Pennsylvania
I have an idea for a household product.  What would be the first step to see if a patent already exi... I have an idea for a household product.  What would be the first step to see if a patent already exist for the product, and if not, would getting a patent for the idea be the first step?	Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions	Pennsylvania
DBA for associated domain names necessary? I just registered my company.  So I need to file a dba for any associated domain names my company uses?	Corporate Questions	California
Appropriate to announce sale of stock? Our bootstrapped company is almost out of money.  To help us out, our friends and family members have offered to buy some stock in our company.  We also want to offer our stock for sale by announcing it on our website.  Are there any legal troubles in selling our stock this way?  If not, what would be the proper way to do it?	Securities Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
Negotiating valuation with investor? I am the founder of a startup, and my company is starting to really take off.  This startup has been bootstrapped for the last year, and now I would like to raise about $1.5 million to scale up this company.  If an investor invests $1.5 million, how do we negotiate the percentage of the company the investor will own while allowing us to maintain control over the company?	Securities Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
How to create equity agreement for new startup? I'd like to create an equity agreement among the 4 people that have been helping me get my startup off the ground.  The breakdown will be: 40% Founder 1, 40% Founder 2, 5% Part-time helper 1, 5% Part-time helper 2, 10% pool for additional employees that may join.  I'd like standard silicon valley terms (4 year vesting, 1 year cliff, etc).  I'd like to avoid paying government fees for as long as possible. I'd like this to be based on performance & meeting certain milestones. Is there a way to just get the equity agreement done and nothing else?  Are there templates available for this anywhere?  I'm in Houston TX.	Executive Compensation Questions,Partnership Questions,Private Equity Law Questions	California
How to restructure founder's agreement regarding ownership? The co-founder and I are launching our startup soon.  Our founder's agreement gives us each a one-half ownership since we each put in the same amount of capital.  However, my co-founder and I realize that he has been putting more work into the company since I still work full time at my day job.  Meanwhile, the co-founder has been working full time on this startup.  What is the best way to restructure this agreement so it is fair for everyone involved?	Corporate Questions,Executive Compensation Questions,Securities Questions	California
Question regarding a rent for stabilized apartment? I live in NYC in a rent stabilized apartment which is $1400 per month. 10 years ago I purchased a weekend place 2.5 hours from NYC.  I claimed it as my primary residence in the beginning. I registered to vote there in about 2003 and have a basic star exception on the place .  My 2010 and 2011 taxes now show my NYC apt as my primary residence once again. The bills I pay on the house and most of my mail are sent to my NYC address including DMV info, I do live in NYC 5 days a week.  They refer to my star exemption, my voter registration, and my utility bills and my roommate as reason that the apartment is not my primary residence and that I therefore do not live there at least 183 days. How strong of a case do I have based on this?	Workers Comp Questions	New York
How long can a commercial landlord in NYC hold a security deposit? How long can a commercial landlord in NYC hold a security deposit?	Criminal Questions,Employment Questions,Personal Injury Questions,Real Estate Questions	New York
How to address industrial espionage from competitor? I have a small business that provides software to restaurants. The software enables restaurants to use interactive wine menus. There are a few companies offering software in this space and there isn't much public information on the offerings from any of them.  Recently, one of my competitors called us and misrepresented themselves as a potential customer (claiming to be a restaurant). They were able to get information from my company that we only give to customers and potential customers, such as our detailed software specs, equipment rental/leasing options and our pricing.Is there anything I could do from a legal standpoint? Would it just be a waste of time to initiate any legal action? We are a small business w/ limited resources.	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Information Technology Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Illinois
Can the assistant DA present criminal evidence on the record to the grand jury members that doesn't exist? In a criminal grand jury proceeding, can the assistant District Attorney present criminal evidence on the record to the grand jury members that doesn't exist that further incriminates the defendant?	Criminal Questions,Education Questions,Family Questions,Privacy Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What IP issues when using board game as basis of mobile application? I am developing a mobile application that is an electronic version of a popular board game.  What intellectual property issues, specifically trademark issues, will I run into by marketing this type of mobile application?	Copyright Questions,Games Law Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Mobile Applications Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Is deal signed by judge and DA legally binding? If you make a deal with the district attorney and the judge and the DA sign it, is it legally binding? Can you hold them  to it?	Legal Questions	Wyoming
Can the bank take our assets in NY if we are selling our FL condo on a short sale? We are selling our FL condo on a short sale. Can the bank take our assets in New York, i.e, home, bank accounts and investments?	Criminal Questions,Education Questions,Family Questions,Privacy Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can I sue someone if they taped my telephone conversation without my knowledge? In New York state can I sue someone if they taped my telephone conversation without my knowledge and threatens to use it against me in family court?	Criminal Questions,Education Questions,Family Questions,Privacy Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Do we have to pay annual fee if service has never been used or paid for? We have made a contract with a third party provider to use their service. However things did not go as planned and we had to postpone our project and take the website offline. We have never used any service of the provider nor did we pay any fees for the contract.  Now the provider is forcing us to pay the annual fee for the service we have never used.What are our rights, do we have to pay the annual fee or are we able to cancel the agreement as we never have use or payed for it?	Consumer Internet Questions,Contract Questions	California
What are my legal options if I'm in the process of selling a rental property? I'm in the process of selling a rental property. I've had a link fence separating an adjoining  property for the last 20+ years. A new owner has purchased the home next door and claims my fence is 6 inches on his property. previous owner made no issue of this fence. What are my legal options?	Education Questions,Family Questions,Personal Injury Questions,Privacy Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
If there's no reply from the current buyer, can I move on? I listed my car on craigslist.The buyer and I agreed to a price. When I could not find the pink we handwrote an agreement stating the price to be paid upon receipt of pink and both signed. No money down was taken. The pink cme in two weeks from DMV . It has been a week of calling, faxing (1) and taking to family members (2) with no reply from the buyer.Can I move on to the next buyer?	Consumer Questions,Finance Questions	California
What is the statute of limitation for suing a nursing home for violating a persons civil liberties?  What is the statute of limitation for suing a nursing home for violating a persons civil liberties? Who do I need to contact about this situation? They also discriminated against me for a disability that I can't help. The whole situation has devastated my mom and has made my disability worse.	Consumer Questions,Personal Injury Questions	California
What to do if my daughter reported Mom's boyfriend gave her drugs? In counseling my year old daughter said my boyfriend gave her a drug at my house. I was not aware of it until she told me after counseling. The counselor reported it to social services. What is the likely outcome for me. I need confidential advice. My daughter and I meet with the counselor again on Tuesday.	Criminal Questions,Family Questions	Colorado
Maintaining control of intellectual property? I have employees and contractors that are developing unique software that is essential to my business.  How can I make sure that the company retains full ownership of that software and its intellectual property?	Employment Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Software Questions	California
How to protect proprietary information when working with outside consulting firm? My company wants to enter into a partnership with a very prominent consulting firm for cross-marketing purposes.  However, the consulting firm wants to have access to our user base and technology before agreeing to any partnership.  We feel that such an agreement would expose too much of my company's proprietary information.  How can we protect the company in such an arrangement?	Contract Questions,Technology Questions	California
Can I sue drunk driver if neither have insurance? I was hit by a drunk driver who had no insurance and neither did I. The accident happened on 9/28/2011. Can I sue him?	Insurance Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Common terms in revenue sharing agreement? Our company wishes to enter into a strategic partnership agreement with a web-based company on a pay-per-click model.  What are common terms that should be included in such an agreement with respect to revenue sharing under this model?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Internet Law Questions	California
Is there tax relief if I'm chapter 13 but I'm behind on my income taxes? Hi, I own an automotive business S corp. I'm in chapter 13 about $9000.00 till its payed off with about 10 months left. My Problem is I'm behind on my income taxes about 30,000. My question is there help / tax relief for some in my situation?	Tax Questions	Oregon
In Mississippi after the landlord has obtained the writ, changed the lock with the sheriff, what is the procedure for their belongings?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Mississippi
Who files complaint on appeal de novo for replevin? A replevin & counterclaim filed. Items at issue in replevin are returned--satisfying and ending plaintiffs complaint. Def. is not happy with partial damages awarded on his counter claim and files appeal de novo for only partial award on counter claim. On appeal who is required to file the complaint?	Appellate Practice Questions,Legal Questions	Delaware
Who files complaint on appeal de novo for replevin? Replevin and counterclaim filed. Items at issue in replevin are returned therby satisfying and ending plaintiff's claims. Defendant unhappy with partial award on counterclaim and files appeal de novo on counter claim award alone. Who must file and serve the complaint on appeal?	Appellate Practice Questions	Pennsylvania
Pros and cons combining software license and maintenance agreement in 1 document? My company sells specialized database software to the enterprise market.  I have a software license as well as a maintenance agreement as two separate documents that I could give to users.  Would it be better to combine them into one single document?	Contract Questions,Software Questions	California
Will displaying headlines in mobile applications violate copyrights? My company has created a mobile application that aggregates news and blog headlines for users based on their preferences and selected keywords.  The application displays the headlines along with a snippet of the article and a link to the original article.  Will displaying these headlines in this format violate any copyrights?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	California
Restricting scope, territory, duration in technology licensing agreement? We have been actively developing our patent portfolio and there are a number of companies who are interested in licensing our patents. What are the different ways we can restrict the license of our patents based on the scope of a patent, territory and duration and how enforceable are these restrictions?	Patent Questions,Technology Questions	California
What are resources for due diligence on company name? Our startup is in the process of picking a better name for its business.  What resources should we look at to perform proper due diligence on the name we have selected?	Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Which country has governing law for outsourcing agreement? My company plans to outsource some work to a foreign country in Asia.  I am currently putting together the agreement and I am unsure what should be the governing law: the US state where my company is located or the foreign country. What should I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,International Business Law Questions	California
Is it legal to use Creative Commons licensed media on ad supported website? I run a website that is supported purely by advertising revenue.  May I publish media that is under a creative commons license on my advertising supported website without violating the terms of the license?	Copyright Questions,Internet Law Questions,Technology Questions	California
/questions/af96eeadc6/how-to-sue-ca-franchise-tax-board/

Can I be fired after hired with criminal history on application? I left my job for another when I applied for this job. I put my criminal history on the application. i was hired and a month later I was fired for my criminal history, not performance. Can they do that, and if they cant can i sue?	Employment Questions,Legal Questions,Workers Comp Questions	South Carolina
When to indemnify users despite explicit terms of use stating we will not? I am in the process of putting together our terms of use for the website we are about to launch where users can store their data and share them with others.  We would like to avoid indemnifying anyone in all situations.  Are there situations where we would still have to indemnify the users even if we explicitly write into the terms of use that we will not indemnify them?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Are "In trust for" accounts treated as being separate from a will? The will stipulated that I receive 80%, one sister receive 10% and the other sister 10%.  There is an "In Trust For" account of 50,000 which I withdrew from after my father's death. This account is titled "Father's Name in Trust for My Name."  I believe that my sisters are going to claim that 'In Trust For Account' as part of the estate. Since my father had Alzheimer's when he passed away, I think they are going to claim that he was not of sound mind when the trust account was opened a few years ago.  I have witnesses who will testify that he was of sound mind when the account was opened.  Legally, is the account part of the estate or not? Is it worth it to fight this?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Legal to use another's trademark for comparative purposes? My company wants to use another's registered trademark as a way of easily describing our service to others in its marketing materials.  Can we use another's trademark in a comparative way under fair use?	Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	California
If I come face to face with the person who keeps burglarizing me, what can I do to defend myself? three times in the past six months someone has tried to break into my house. If I come face to face with this person what can I do to defend myself. I live in Massachusetts	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
What is the default ruling in Michigan and can the tenant be held responsible for the entire amount of the judgement? I was awarded a default judgement against a husband and wife in lanlord tenant court. I filed for garnishment on the wife for the entire judgement because she is the only one working. She is disputing the garnishment because there were two names on the lease so she only owes half. There were no provisions in the lease adressing this issue. What is the default ruling in Michigan? Can she be held responsible for the entire amount of the judgement?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Michigan
House Plan copyright infringement How much do I have to change a copyrighted house plan to avoid infringement?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Colorado
Finding out what co-employees make Can I be terminated if I ask a co-employee what they are paid to see if my pay is comparable?	Employment Questions	California
Michigan law on breaks? Working a 12hr shift:  What is the law for breaks and lunch?	Employment Questions	California
Is termination clause in a founder's agreement necessary despite implied lack of faith? I am in the process of putting together a founder's agreement for my startup.  I have been told that it would prudent to include a termination clause.  However, I think such a clause may be off putting to my co-founder as it may show a lack of faith in the venture and the venture will fail.  Should I still include a termination clause despite the hard feelings it may cause?	Contract Questions,Corporate Questions	California
Question regarding lending a friend $50K to start a "home flipping" business? Fool that I am ..I lent a freind $50K to start a "home flipping" business.  Of course, he never fixed the very first home...which is still in his name.  Too compound the matter, I lent him another $30K in dribs and drabs.  Now the house sits empty and still needing $20K of work. The house is deeded to my "friend".So, he says he will sign the house over to me..but it needs the work..and he has not paid the taxes for 3 years.  At most, I could net $25K by selling it and clearing the taxes.I do not know whether to walk away, sue my friend or what.  I think I should at least put a lien on him.  He owns his home...now works..Any thoughts?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What forms do I need to respond to a summon? What form do I need to fill to respond for the summon served by the neighbor who is sewing me for to create an easement  on my north side of the pathway?	Real Estate Questions	California
Legal to use another's trademark for marketing own service? Is it fair use to use another company's registered trademark on our website so we can market a service that works with the product that belongs to the owner of the trademark?	Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Residency through american children Hello all,If a couple is here in the US under F1 Student Visas, and they recently had a baby born here in the US.Can they ask for residency because of her american child?  Or does the child have to be 21 years for this to happen?Thanks in advance,	Commercial Questions	California
I have a 5 month old, that I am nursing. Never married to dad. Lived together until recently. Dad ha... I have a 5 month old, that I am nursing. Never married to dad. Lived together until recently. Dad has a teenage daughter. She wrote on facebook, 2 weeks after baby was born "When is rocking shaking, when is patting hitting? F&%* you baby" this is a quote from a comedian. I believe it's directed at my baby. She also wrote that her friend knows how to "get rid of baby". dad thinks its "kids being kids." She wrote some other things, too. I want full custody. what consideration would a judge give the facebook content when considering custody? Daughter lives at house a lot.Can I submit conversations we all had at a family counselor?What is a typical custody arrangement for a child at this age?	Family Questions	California
What to do when tenant fails to move out after lease expires? A tenant did not move out upon expiration of their lease. Is he trespassing or do I have to go through an eviction process?Numerous promises to get current with the rent and give me a solid move date have come and gone without him doing what he promised. Today he informed me he will "try" to be out soon.  I want to minimize the damage.	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What can I do if I gave temporary custody of my daughter to my aunt and she now refused to giver back? I gave my aunt temporary custody of my daughter while I was in the hospital on a high risk pregnancy with twins and we agreed that she would give her back. She is refusing now. What can I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Legal to take information from websites and display on own site? My company is planning to launch a website that combines the information of individuals from multiple online databases and display that on my company's website.  Do I risk violating the copyrights that may belong to those other database providers?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Internet Law Questions	California
What to expect regarding second request after initial filings to acquire company fail? We are in the process of acquiring another company, and just filed our Hart-Scott-Rodino premerger notification filings and the Department of Justice contacted us a couple of days ago with a second request - our initial filings were not approved.  What is a second request, what do I need to do and what should I be expecting?	Corporate Questions,Mergers and Acquisitions Law Questions	California
If 2 parties own a property 1/3 and 2/3, can one party allow people to live on said property? If two parties own a property 1/3 and 2/3, can one party allow people to live on said property without the other owner's consent?	Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Hawaii
Do I have any recourse if the plumber overcharged me? I hired a plumber on an estimate of $2369.00, but was presented with a bill for $4387 when the work was complete.  A bit stunned, I signed off and paid, but now I believe that was a mistake.  Do I have any recourse?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Can my husband legally grant me all his income to start a paper trail of having an income?   Can my husband legally grant me (the wife) all his income, to start a paper trail of having an income?  (No one will rent to us because we have children.  Trying  to qualify for a mortgage in a few years, using my credit score, and the income from his job.)	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
/questions/e075e8223f/what-tax-withholding-requirements-to-know-when-tak/

Employer Disclosures of Personal Employee Information? Is an employer allowed to disclose personal information about an employee to other employees?	Employment Questions	New York
Can the State go forward with a case if the victim drops the charges? I had my husband charged with assault which was a bondable offense. Two days later I contacted the States Attorney and asked to drop the charges. She said I could not drop them, she had to be the one to do so. She asked me to call her the day before his court hearing and give her an update and then she would decide if she would drop the charges or not. I did so and she decided not to drop the charges. As the person who brought the charges against him in the first place, if I decide not to press the charges shouldn't I be able to revoke that?  I should have that power. I think this States Attorney is just trying to prove a point.	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Can a tenant leave a lease if they get a new job and they have to relocate? For PA law, can a tenant leave a lease if they get a new job and they have to relocate?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do when company is threatening a bad check proceeding but gave us damaged products? Almost 1 year ago we received a large order of granite slabs from a Florida company for a set price. Once we unloaded them we realized they were not in salable condition with 70% cracked. We had given the vendor 2 checks. One was cashed for half the order and one we put a stop payment on.We sent them emails and made phone calls to come get the defective goods and refund us our money but they never responded. We ended up disposing of 40% of the granite.Now after a year they want the balance of the order paid and are threatening a bad check proceeding.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What can I do to stop my neighbor from building a fence? I live in a county residential neighborhood. my next door neighbor is building a fence almost to the street the the front that blocks my view of the street and I can't see cars coming up the street when I back out. I ask him to stop and explained my problem with the fence. He said that he wanted his privacy and felt he had a right to build the fence. What should I do?	Real Estate Questions	California
Why would someone need to petition for a year's support? Why would someone need to petition for a year's support?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How to ask client for additional fees when project exceeds contract price? I was hired by a client to complete a project for a set price.  However, I discovered that the cost of completing the project will exceed the contract price due to unforeseen technical difficulties.  How can I approach the client to ask for additional fees in order to complete the project?	Contract Questions	California
What are risks in completing contracts with signature page only? We often have operating agreements for companies that we either finance or create to be the holding entity of an investment.  As we may have 4-8 signatures for execution many times a signature page has been circulated which is scanned, signed, scanned signed etc.  Question:Is there a risk in not having the entire document scanned at the same time in the event that a party deems the agreement invalid as not being properly executed or claims that the agreement has been changed?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Partnership Questions,Venture Capital Questions	New York
Grand Jury Indictments---Prosecutor Presents Incorrect Evidence In a criminal grand jury proceeding, can the assistant District Attorney present criminal evidence on the record to the grand jury members that doesn't exist that further incriminates the defendant?	Criminal Questions	New York
If I start divorce proceeding and then decide I am not ready what happens then? If I start divorce proceeding and then decide I am not ready what happens then?	Family Questions	Florida
Sellling Shares in My Company as an Investment I have an invention that I want to bring to market. I have an existing Florida S corp. My plan is to offer 1000 shares of preferred stock in a private offering to 75 friends and family at $10 each. Can I simply create the shares and sell them at a par value that I set?	Corporate Questions	Florida
I'm an Australian resident, working in the US on an E3 visa. My visa expires in 3 months. What's the... I'm an Australian resident, working in the US on an E3 visa. My visa expires in 3 months. What's the best way to renew or extend my E3 visa?	Employment Questions	California
Mother of child presses charges but never shows up to court. I'm being charged by the mother of my child for a few charges. She did not show up in court. I bailed myself out and went to that court date. They said she is no where to be found. What is now going to happened to me?Criminal Charges: Battery class, a misdemeanor to property class, a misdemeanor on the first court date.	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
Can the divorce decree be broken and what are the chances of him winning a decision in his favor? My cousin signed his divorce papers under duress.  His ex-wife told him she would not give him a divorce unless she got 100% of his pension (approx. $3,800 per month  actually for the first 2 years of their divorce, she collected both his pension and his social security checks!  This is in addition to her own pension and social security check she gets because she worked, also).  She also included a statement that if he died before her, she would receive all life insurance benefits and when she died, if he was still living, he still would not receive any of his pension...it would go to HER children.   My question is: can this divorce decree be broken and what are the chances of him winning a decision in his favor?	Family Questions	California
If I have sole custody of my 6 year old son and his father and I have decided to let him finish the school year with him, does our custody agreement need to be changed? He lives in TN and I live in MS.	Family Questions	Mississippi
What are MY rights as owner if my girlfriend and I had a dog but now broke up and is keeping the dog? I was in a relationship and have a dog with my ex..she recently took her and will not return her to me and now claims that she has all rights because her name is listed as co-owner on a lot of the paperwork and registration. Can you tell me what I can do and what MY rights are as owner?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How to design employee retention or M&A carve out plans? My employees are concerned about the value of their common stock in an M&A; transaction. What are some ways we can go about designing employee retention or M&A; carve out plans?	Mergers and Acquisitions Law Questions,Securities Questions	California
Hiring my first employee in California I am hiring my first employee and would like to know what major issues I need to be aware of to protect my business.	Employment Questions	California
Roommate in hospital but fails to pay bills or retrieve clothes. My roommate goes to the hospital during the month and finds out that he has to go live in a nursing home but never came and retrieved his clothes until the end of the month. He was there and he ran up the water bill which out of his mouth he agreed to pay it. Does he still owe?He never came back and got his clothes and his room was still set up like he lived there	Contract Questions	Ohio
What are the gift certificate expiration laws? A merchant/store sold a gift card on an online deals website.An expiration date of 6 months from the time the deal was purchased was set in the terms by merchant. Expiration date has passed.  The buyer still wants to use the card.The merchant/store offering the deal is based in Texas. Buyers of the deal are requesting that they be able to use their gift certificate after the expiration date or least the value of what they paid ($50). The merchant has refused to accept any certificates after the expiration date including the amount paid.Is the merchant required by Texas law or other law to accept the value paid by the buyers of the gift certificate? If so, does this law apply to buyers outside of Texas?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Question about developing a website? I am developing a website, which, for purposes of this question, is a business and not a hobby. I have incurred expenses for the development of the website, one of which is educational expenses to obtain a masters in IT management. I would like to write the degree off as a business expense, as I do not believe it is work-related education. A flowchart published by the IRS addresses whether "work-related education" qualifies as tax-deductible (page 65 of IRS Publication 970, Tax Benefits for Educ), but I believe this is deductible business expense rather than work-related education. It is not required by my current job, does not meet min educational reqs of my current job, and will not qualify me for a new trade/profession. Am I correct?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	Virginia
How to incentivize management after investment? We are investing in a small startup and may end up owning a substantial portion the company, which may disincentivize the founders and executives.  What steps we can take, or terms can we provide, to ensure that founders and executives remain incentivized?	Employment Questions,Securities Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
How to give consultants equity in LLC without making them employees? I have an LLC. I have three consultants working for me. I have agreed to pay them 4% equity each, vesting over a three year period.  The business is a website start up that won't go live for another 6 months.  What is the best way to pay them their shares without making them employees?	Corporate Questions,Employment Questions	California
What is the law on renters refusing to pay rent when it is a house share situation? What is the law on renters refusing to pay rent when it is a house share situation?	Real Estate Questions	California
What does it mean that Walmart has me on camera shoplifting but does not know who I am? I was told by a friend that Walmart has me on camera shoplifting but does not know who I am. What does this mean?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
My ex boyfriend took out a car loan in his name for me using my car for a trade in. I have made every payment on time by check and my trade in was $14,000. The fiance company will not let me take over the loan and my ex is threatening to take the car. What can I do ?	Banking Law Questions,Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Family Questions,Finance Questions	Louisiana
what are the chances of winning a lawsuit for deficiency on a debt?  I closed on a short sale of my primary residence, a condominium, in FL this year (2012).  I had a HELOC as my second mortgage on this property through Coastal Bank and Trust (CBT).  CBT released the lien on my property for the HELOC but is now pursuing me for the entire debt (which I attempted to renegotiate previously) through a lawsuit in Florida. I have good income and own 3 investment properties.  What is the likelihood of negotiating a settlement with a lawsuit pending? If this goes to a judge, what are the chances of winning a lawsuit for deficiency on this debt? If I lose, is wage garnishment likely or seizure of investment property (not much equity in them)?	Consumer Questions,Finance Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I receive a letter from the water company stating that a tenant is stealing water and I'm in the process of evicting them, what are my options? If I receive a letter from the water company stating that a tenant is stealing water and I'm in the process of evicting (before I ever received a letter) them, what are my options? Also I was giving a writ of poss. ruling already, but the sheriff office said the case is now dismissed and they will not evict the tenant. Can I still evict without having to go back through the court trials? This is in Georgia.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Can a juvenile be questioned without a parent present ?	Criminal Questions	New Jersey
In Indiana can a living trust protect assets, from nursing home costs? In Indiana can a living trust protect assets, especially a home, from nursing home costs?	Commercial Questions	Indiana
If I have taken all steps to try to get the landlord to fix the leaking roof which is ready to fall in. There are more issues. Building inspecter has sent 2 letters. Can I keep the rent to fix the problems and can I have a contracter do it? How much can I spend if it enemergency?	Leasing Questions	California
I am a college student that that moved in with someone who has changed the locks and not allowing me to get my things until I pay $600. What can I do to get my things back?	Administrative Law Questions,Consulting Law Questions,Family Questions,Financial Questions,Legal Questions	Georgia
How can we protect against user-posted copyright infringement? I work for a social networking company and was wondering if we are legally accountable for copyright violations that are posted by our users. Do we need to be actively policing for these?	Copyright Questions	California
Do I have 30 days to file an appeal if I was denied a Motion for leave to re-argue?  Do I have 30 days to file an appeal if I was denied a Motion for leave to re-argue?  When does the 30 days start, when I was denied or when original decision and order was issued that I tried to re argue? This took place in the Duchess County Supreme Court of New York	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Do I claim disability against my employer or thru the state If I've recently been laid off? I have recently been laid off. It's possible I am going on disability. Do I claim disability against my employer or thru the state?	Employment Questions	California
Our small business has dealt with a credit card processing company since Feb 2010. They required a new application-we submitted-they rejected it w/o a cosignor, so I cancelled. Now it is holding me to a 3 yr contract from original application which is no good? Can it do this after their rejection?	Commercial Questions,Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Tennessee
Can tenants refuse to reimburse me for utilities? During the last years lease, my tenants and I had an agreement that I would pay utilities and then bill them for it. However, I did not get around to billing them each month (though they requested the utility bills multiple times) and now they are refusing to pay all of last years utilities claiming that they needed to be billed "within a reasonable period of time."Is this true or can I make them pay me?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions	Michigan
How to change to original name after being adopted then disowned? I was adopted at the age of 8 and my full name was changed. At the age of 17, I was "disowned" by the family whom adopted me.  I am now 46 and I want to change my name back to what it was when I was born. How can I do this?	Family Questions	Indiana
Accepted plea bargain with fine, later increased without knowledge. I accepted a plea bargain on a DUI and I was told just a fine of $350 was to be imposed. At sentencing that was all I was told 350.00 but when I got probation I found 1000.00 extra had been tacked on without my knowledge, can they do that?	Criminal Questions	Tennessee
Is paper signed by both parents for custody valid if notary didn't witness it? My boyfriend and I just separated and we sign a paper stating that he has primary custody. I typed it up and two witnesses of our choosing sign this paper. Does it make it valid or legal if a notary didn't see anybody sign this paper?	Family Questions	Indiana
Marital residence advice My husband of 11 years wants me to move out. His mother owns the house we live in.  If I move out of the house would I still be able to get a judge to rule that I can move back in?	Family Questions	Ohio
Does Chapter 13 Toll Statute of Limitations? My Chapter 13 was dismissed. Am I out of the statute of limitations for my unsecured creditor to sue or get a lien against me?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Partnership Questions,Tax Questions	Illinois
Small consulting corporation filing first year's income tax forms. Small consulting corporation filing first year's income tax forms.  First time filer for 2011 less than 3 months in business with no income or employees.  Which IRS form(s) are required.  We've been granted S-corp status for 2012.	Commercial Questions	Michigan
Is the lease still valid if they relocate me to a different apartment in the apartment complex and can I move somewhere else without penalty from this apt. complex? i live in apartment where the pipe has broken and water is coming from unknown place. I may have to move if lease is signed for current address. Is the lease still valid if they relocate me to a different apartment in the apartment complex and can I move somewhere else without penalty from this apt. complex?	Leasing Questions	Indiana
Can we sue for damages and assess a fee per day for the equipment? My company provided a former customer with network equipment as loan for free.  The relationship soured and we sent an email stating that we will no longer provide this equipment for free and gave a date to either enter a contract for rental or return the equipment.  They have done neither.  Since there was no initial contract can we sue for damages and asses a fee per day for the equipment?	Commercial Questions	Georgia
How to introduce and enforce modified website terms of use? Our website is about to introduce a new service which will integrate with every part of the existing website.  We will need to modify the terms of use to reflect these changes. What steps should we take to properly introduce these new terms to the users and to make these new terms enforceable?	Contract Questions	California
Question regarding a separation agreement? According to our separation agreement, I have my two sons every other weekend, picking them up on Friday evenings and dropping them off on Sunday evenings.  This week my work schedule was changed, making it no longer possible for me to pick them up on Friday night. I've asked my employer to let me work a different schedule, but this is all that is available. If I refuse to make the change I will lose my job. My ex is now saying if I do not pick up my sons at the agreed upon time on Friday night, she will "forfeit my weekends" and not let me have them at all. Is she legally able to do this? I have repeatedly asked her if I could pick them up early Saturday morning but she has flat out refused.	Family Questions	North Carolina
Payment of last paycheck I gave a 2week notice.  I would like to know if my employer has to give me all the money that is owed to me by the end of my 2 wks.	Employment Questions	California
If two homeowners live on a privately built dirt road, do they share responsibility for ongoing maintenance?  If two homeowners live on a privately built dirt road (he personally put in the first half and I had an excavating company extend the road to my property after purchase) do they share responsibility for ongoing maintenance? The road is sorely in need of improvement and since I am at the far end, I have to pay for any work done to the entire road. For example, the county refuses to maintain this road even though it is classified as a public road in their records so I foot the entire bill for snow clearing every winter. The other homeowner rents out his house so he is not there to be inconvenienced.What, if any, legal obligations, do we share re-maintenance?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding adding my father's name to my Birth certificate? I need to add my father's name to my Birth certificate. I was born in Delaware but live now in Georgia. Can I do a Petition to amend by Birth Certificate and if so what is the relief I have to request the court to give a court order for another state birth certificate.thank you	Family Questions	Georgia
Am I entitled to compensation if the debtor has not fulfilled their obligations to me? I'm a creditor of a debtor in a chapter 7 case. The debtor has not fulfilled their obligation to me. Am I entitled to compensation ?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is there a limit between how many shareholders can be part of an S Corp versus the standard C Corp? My company is setup as an S Corp, and I'd like to bring investors in as shareholders. Is there a limit or difference between how many shareholders can be part of an S Corp versus the standard C Corp?	Corporate Questions	Massachusetts
Do restaurants need to inform ahead of time like in the menu if they're adding gratuity to the bill? Do restaurants need to inform ahead of time like in the menu if they're adding gratuity to the bill?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	California
Does a reference to another document which is no longer available or lost make a contract void or nu... Does a reference to another document which is no longer available or lost make a contract void or nullified?Such as a service agreement between two companies that makes reference to a marketing budget established in Schedule A, And Schedule A is either missing or was never created.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Foreign Company LLC Incorporation I am CEO of a Indian IT Company visiting US on B1 visa in Feb. I need to start LLC in CA . How much to get a LLC incorporated with EIN number and any other document to start a new business in US ?Can you open bank account  for this new company ?Can open a merchant account ?How much time will it take ?Have you done all of it previously for any other company ? Can another person who is on H1B visa in US become part of the company as a owner (I know he cannot work for it)?Note: I do have a SSN number which I got 4 year back when I was a student in University so I am not sure if I can use it for obtaining EIN number or if SSN is at all required to get a EIN number ?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Finance Questions,Partnership Questions	California
What to do if my ex is threatening to take me to court for child support? I am a single father of a 3 year old. He was born out of wedlock and my ex-girlfriend keeps jerking me around about seeing my son. She threatens to take me to court for child support but never does. What can I do?	Contract Questions	Minnesota
What terms to include to protect proprietary market research content? My company wants to start selling content based on market research it has conducted in the course of its business.  Since it is valuable data, I don't want our users to freely distribute it to others.  What type of terms should I include in a license agreement to prevent this from happening?	Contract Questions,Copyright Questions	California
Simple way to get the same custody of my late son's child? My late son had physical and shared Legal custody of his 15 yr old son.  The boys mother lives in North Carolina and is willing to give me the same custody of him here in Pa.  Is there a way to do this simply and economically?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is protecting IP rights of technology developed abroad needed, valid, and legal? I know that it is common and prudent practice for technology companies like my own to obtain assignments of invention and IP rights from employees in the United States.  If I have employees overseas, are such mechanisms needed, valid and legal overseas?	Employment Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Trade Secret Questions	California
Does my employer have to give me all the money that is owed to me by the end of my 2 weeks? I gave a 2-week notice.  I would like to know if my employer has to give me all the money that is owed to me by the end of my 2 weeks?	Employment Questions	California
Questions regarding Immigration - EB-5 Visa? A foreign investor is interested in investing in our new company as part of the EB-5 Visa process, and we could use further detail regarding the job creation requirement of the EB-5.  We're aware that 10 full-time jobs must be created by the investment, however, we are unclear about some of the details, namely:(1) At what point during the 2-year EB-5 Visa approval process must the employees be employed?  Is is sufficient to begin employing some of the 10 late in the 2-year process?(2) Are we required to have 10 employees sign 2-year employment contracts, or is is sufficient to simply employ 10 full-time workers at some point within the 2-year period?(3) Any other major EB-5 employment requirement details we should be aware of?	Immigration Questions	California
Am I due back my initiation deposit? In Arkansas, I joined a golf club in 2000 (non-equity); paid $4000 initiation + monthly dues.  Club recently sold and closed.  Exact sentence from Member App:  "If the Club shall discontinue the operation of all of the Club facilities (other than by a sale or other disposition which results in the continuing operation of the Club), the Club shall repay to the applicant at the time of such discontinuance 100% of his initiation deposit."Am I due back my initiation deposit?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
How to issue shares to friends and family investing in company? In order to help fund our startup, certain family and friends tentatively agreed to invest money into the startup in exchange for shares.  How do we proceed in issuing them shares?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
How do I protect ownership of my assets from siblings when my parents die?  I have many items stored in my parent's house that they also enjoy the use of. They are both in their 90's. How do I protect ownership of my assets from siblings when my parents die? - would a storage lease work or do I need some other legal document?	Family Questions,Leasing Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What filing obligations in California? My company was incorporated outside of California but we do business in California.  What other basic filing obligations do we have in California?	Corporate Questions	California
Has my 1st mortgage holder given up their rights as 1st mortgage holder because of refinance? 1st mortgage holder lien 19971st mortgage sold 19992nd lien 7/5/20003rd lien  5/8/20011st mortgage refinanced 7/8/2002Question has the 1st mortgage holder given up their rights as 1st mortgage holder because of refinance?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Should I start refinance process now or after separation? My spouse of eight years is considering walking away from the house and debt.  I want to keep it.  It is in my name and I have invested my inheritance in it.  I will need to refinance to afford it by myself. Should I start the refinancing process now or after legally separated or divorced?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can Grandparents get visitation rights to assure safety My 2 1/2 yr old grandchild is being neglected- since birth father can't hold a job so mother has to work to provide He leaves child in crib all day because he will not wake up to attend to her- soiled diapers causing bloody rashes. The most recent event child was left unattended she escaped out of her home at 8:15 pm without anyone knowing she was missing she was found in wooded area up the street by a woman who almost hit her with her car. She was barefoot, soiled from head to toe, freezing and knees scraped. No one came to door when lady tried knocking on door to see where she belonged she said house was black no lights on and no one came to door.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can we recover the remaining balance owed on a car loan oppose to the blue book value of a vehicle?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Oregon
IP issues when developing software made to address another company's customers? While working as a consultant for a technology company, I came up with an idea for a software program to address an issue faced by the customers of that technology company, but was unrelated to the specific work I did for that technology company.  I developed that software program and I am now planning to launch a website to sell and distribute this software.  Will there be any intellectual property issues with selling this software?	Intellectual Property Questions,Trade Secret Questions	California
If I create a trivia telephone app, can I refer to characters / scenes, quotes, etc from movies in the questions without getting permission from the mark holder? If I create a trivia telephone app, can I refer to characters / scenes, quotes, etc from movies in the questions without getting permission from the mark holder?  For example, can I ask the Question (in the 'Star Wars' category): "Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker are characters from what movie?".  Also, can the app itself be titled "Star Wars Trivia"?	Trademark Questions	Florida
What steps do i take to get a man I've been living with for 9 years to move out of my house? I have been living with a man for 9 years.  We are not married and the house belongs to me free and clear.  I would like this person to move out and he refuses.  What steps do i take to get this person out of my house?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If the property was foreclosed, am I responsible for balance owed on social membership? I bought a property which mandated a social membership to the country club. Had trouble renting property; got behind on mortgage and social fees. Country club sued. Agreed to make monthly payments to bring balance current. The case was postponed. However, if all payments not made, could reintroduce case. Made a few payments; could not keep up. Eventually lost the house to foreclosure. Just notified that the hearing was rescheduled. 1. I will not be in town when the hearing is scheduled. Can it be rescheduled?2. The property was foreclosed. Social membership was part of the property deed. Am I responsible for balance owed on social membership?Let me know what I need to do.	Bankruptcy Questions	Georgia
NYS law regarding agreements of contracts? I am a student @ CTU University and studying contract law.  I am looking for NYS law regarding agreements of contracts.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Is it legal for a salary person to work 30 hours overtime and not get paid? Is it legal for a salary person to work 30 hours over time and not get paid?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Does Obamacare require me to provide health insurance to my employees? I'm a small business with 5 employees and 1 part-time person in the state of California with a foreign LLC - do I need to get get everyone health insurance due to Obama Care?	Employment Questions	California
Rights of a single mother toward her baby? Hi, I have a 8 month old baby with my now ex-boyfriend, who's the father. We never married. I am going to be moving out soon and I plan on taking my child with me. My ex knows I am planning on moving with the child and he is threatening that I won't be able to leave with him. Can I legally move out and take my son with me, and not have to tell the father where I'm moving to? What would the police say if I had to call them? Also, what should I do if my ex tries to harass me at my workplace regarding my son?	Family Questions	Florida
Meal Breaks in California My employer requires that TR employees record a half hour lunch break each shift which is anywhere from 6-8 hours per day.  However, in the almost 5 years of employment, I have not had the opportunity to take a half hour lunch break more than a few times, and never have a 10 minute break after 4 hours of work, which I believe is entitled by law.  The employer does not provide back up  in order to take a break, and does not allow us to record any extra time on our time sheets to cover for the breaks not given.  What is my recourse?	Employment Questions	California
Can I make personal music video using copyrighted material? Is it legal to make a music video (just for fun) and share it with friends and family? The audio and video portion will contain songs and images that I have NOT obtained copyright permission for.	Copyright Questions	Texas
How is Seniority calculated in California? I have an issue on My company. I worked in a healthcare Facility and I was originally hired 2003 and happened that I unwiliingly resigned to some personal problem within my working environment involved my wife who asked me to resign 11/2006 and also my supervisor doesn't want to get involved so fastest to resolve the problem is resign not knowing that I could transfer to different facility with the same Company.  I was re-hired 2007 with different facility .  I got my rate the same untill 2010 of March.  Somehow the company separated our Department and that begins the problem.  they claimed that I was re- hired and I should get less Seniority and hold lmy increase when infact that during my comback years I didn't have any hold back issue	Employment Questions	California
How soon after you are terminated does your employer have to give you your last pay check? How soon after you are terminated does your employer have to give you your last pay check?	Employment Questions	California
A prenuptial agreement can be executed before a notary public? Can I use just notary republic for my prenuptial agreement?  Also, I'm getting married in 11 days. Am I able to complete a prenuptial in time.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
How far in advance does an employer have to let you know your needed for work? How far in advance does an employer have to let you know your needed for work?	Family Questions	New York
How to pay contractor if full-time student and not business entity? I am planning on hiring a contractor to build a website for the business. This will be a one-time engagement paid on a project basis (NOT hourly). Contractor is a full time college student. Contractor does not have any business entity. Are there any particular requirements for paying contractor under these circumstances?	Corporate Questions,Employment Questions,Web Application Development Questions,Web Design Development Questions	Colorado
Does a motion to avoid need to be filed with the court on a judgement lien on a personal residence  that is registered with the county clerk and recorder but not filed with the court? When filing bankruptcy pro se, does a motion to avoid need to be filed with the court on a judgement lien on a personal residence  that is registered with the county clerk and recorder but not filed with the court?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
How many calendar days can I have to back out of a car deal contract in VA? How many calendar days can I have to back out of a car deal contract in VA?	Consumer Questions,Finance Questions	California
If child refuses to go to school are you responsible to take care of them if they are over the age of 18? If child refuses to go to school are you still legally responsible to take care of them if they are over the age of 18?	Family Questions	New York
How do I legally "connect" a website (domain+hosting) to a company? - Our company is 100% online. - Our website is the center of this business.- I registered an LLC in the state of Nevada with a partner.- I registered the website on my name.- My partner worries that the website, in fact, belongs to me (I am paying with the Visa card of the company and my name is on it).- How do I legally connect the website (domain + hosting) to my LLC company so that both partners will be protected?	Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	California
I am representing myself trying to modify custody of my 14 year old daughter.  The temporary court o... I am representing myself trying to modify custody of my 14 year old daughter.  The temporary court order says "discovery is authorized pursant to rules of the court."  What are those rules of the court regarding discovery, and does it specify where to get the document to complete?	Family Questions	California
Question regarding a deficiency notice from IRS? I received a deficiency notice from IRS.  Truly, they are in error.  I filed a petition to the court, I then received a notice that I still owed the tax.  Then I sent full documentation to the US Court.  They returned it all, saying I needed to file an amended petition and a Motion for leave of Court.  Which forms do I use?	Tax Questions	Oregon
The party foreclosing on my home cannot prove they own the mortgage. I am in foreclosure with my mortgage company. My home is in Arizona. The FannieMae site states they own my loan. There is no assignment showing this and its a conflict with Citimortgage as beneficiary. I also have a copy of an assignment of the deed of trust from American Home Mortgage to Citimortgage, assigned by MERS and stating they were, the beneficiary for American Home Mortgage and they assigned the deed of trust to Citimortgage. My question, can I challenge Citimortgage's standing to foreclose?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can employees have different benefits at the same company? Can an employer cover health insurance expense for a salaried manager and not the other hourly employees?	Employment Questions	California
What common legal documents should business have for partners, customers, and vendors? My company runs an successful internet site.  I think it may be prudent to have some common legal forms on hand to deal with partners, customers, and vendors.  What common legal documents should my business have for these business arrangements?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
At Will Employee I was called into my bosses office and told that a team member was unexpectedly leaving the company and he wanted me to accept a promotion and salary increase. I thought it over and accepted the offer via email.The following day the offer was withdrawn because I was told I was too valuable in my current department. The salary increase was also withdrawn.Our company has a written policy that we are to be reviewed once a year. It has been four years since my last review.What are my legal options?	Employment Questions	California
What tax issues in converting from LLC to corporation? My early stage company was initially incorporated as a limited liability company, and I have determined that it is more beneficial for us to be reconstituted as a corporation.  Are there any tax or corporate law issues in converting my company from an LLC to a corporation?	Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	California
Is it legal to handcuff and interrogate minor without reading rights or making arrest, with no guardian present? Is it legal for a police officer to handcuff a 16 year old and interrogate him for 2 hours without arresting him or reading him his rights and without a legal guardian or recorded video of the interrogation in the state of New Mexico? In regards to a physical altercation on school grounds.	Administrative Law Questions,Criminal Questions	New Mexico
Will my property go to the state of California if I don't have a will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What action to take against another for spoofing company website? There is a group that has spoofed my company's website. They are using a domain name similar to our domain name, but the look and feel is only somewhat similar to our website.  However, the products and services offered on their website are completely different from what my company offers on its own website.  What actions can I take against the other group?	Internet Law Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Is it best to incorporate business before or after website launch? We have a social media site in which we are about to launch.  We want to incorporate at some point.  Is it best to incorporate before or after the launch of the site?	Corporate Questions	California
What are my rights if my Landlord is evicting me for a cluttered and messy apartment? Landlord is evicting me for a cluttered and messy apartment. What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
online lotto I've heard that the laws regarding purchasing online lotto tickets are unclear. I would like to get a better picture. I need info regarding interstate laws and a full scope and model legally?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	California
Cited for Violations in Gwinett County. Clean Record. What Should I DO? Hello,I was in Atlanta for an event in July. I was asked to help with an event at a location that had already been rented by local promoters.... there were some violations & the responsible parties of the event were not within reach. I have been summoned to court. I've attached the violation codes below. I don't have a copy of the contract. What should I do?Sec. 6-4. - Sale or possession for sale without license or beyond boundaries of premises covered by license Sec. 6-14. - Display of license at place of businessSec. 6-29. - Sales to underage	Administrative Law Questions,Consulting Law Questions	Georgia
If because the stock is not really tradable, can they just value it any way they see fit? I own a little more than 5% of the stock in a small company, Sub S Corp structure, in Florida. We do between $3 and $4 million a year in sales and are always profitable, although the pass through advantages can often show a loss. I'm looking at a bankruptcy and trying to figure out what my stock is worth if the company has to buy me out in a triggered event (bankruptcy, death, leaving the company trigger a sale). The company said it valued my share of the company at $24k, which seems incredibly low to me. If because the stock is not really tradable, can they just value it any way they see fit?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions	Florida
Has the 1st mortgage holder given up their rights as 1st mortgage holder because of refinance? 1st mortgage holder lien 19971st mortgage sold 19992nd lien 7/5/20003rd lien  5/8/20011st mortgage refinanced 7/8/2002Question has the 1st mortgage holder given up their rights as 1st mortgage holder because of refinance?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
How can we prove that prescribing without an in-person exam is legal? My company provides telehealth services to patients over the phone. We limit prescriptions to non-controlled, non-lifestyle, short-term medications, and the particular prescription in question (1) is commonly prescribed empirically, without any tests, and (2) has no potential for abuse. The doctor prescribed this after obtaining the patient's medical history and performing a differential diagnosis. However, it has been asserted that it was illegal for the doctor to prescribe without seeing the patient in person.How can we prove that prescribing this situation falls within the bounds of proper medical practice?Please see http://www.mbc.ca.gov/licensee/telemedicine.htmThank you very much for your time.	Corporate Questions	California
Is my daughter's father still legally obligated to be financially responsible for her if he signed away his rights? My daughters father signed away his rights to our child. Is he still legally obligated to be financially responsible for her?	Family Questions	New York
I submitted a petition to amend an Illinois Birth Certifcate to the Gwinnett, GA Superiror Court. Th... I submitted a Pro-Se petition to amend an Illinois Birth Certifcate to the Gwinnett, GA Superiror Court. The amenmend requested is to remove the Father's Name and Change the Child's Last name. The father abandoned the child since he was trhee months old and I have lost total contact with him, we do not know where he is. The court "dismissed the petition for failure to state a claim upon wich relief can be granted" Claiming that the the court does not have authority over Illinois govenrmental departments.What do I need to do?  What is the claim the Court is asking for?	Family Questions	Georgia
Question regarding my status as a non-immigrant worker on H1B? Hello,I'm a non-immigrant worker on H1B. I'm supposed to be working as a systems analyst for the company, but since there's not much to do, i help with sales. My co-worker (a female US citizen) and i got into a screaming argument yesterday. She threatened to call immigration on me. Should i be worried about anything?	Immigration Questions	California
What are implications of forgetting copied original submittal with hand lettering for patent substitute application? I have an issue where I thought it was ok to submit slight corrections to specification (Not Claims) prior to submittal.  "I received a notice to file corrected application papers" due to incorrect line spacing and hand lettering.  (I added several comas and changed the words "solar collector" to "solar heating system" in one or more places in the background section).  I understand that I have to submit marked and clean copies and am unsure how to mark and submit.  I am unsure what the ramifications of are providing a marked up copy that does not exactly match the originally submitted marked up copy are.  How do I mark and resubmit? Retitle to "substitute marked application..."?  What are the ramifications of not matching orig. marked app?	Patent Questions	Colorado
Can I still get alimony if I had an affair in GA? Can I still get alimony if I had an affair in GA?	Family Questions	Georgia
Concerns of daughter trying to return to grandson's life after giving up custody. Do I need to worry about my daughter trying to come back into my grandson's life when she gave up custody of him to me and my wife on her own?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Is ring returned if engagement broken off? If you are engaged and break up before the wedding does the guy have the right to take the ring back?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Wisconsin
What are legal requirements for alcohol wholesale ordering and resale? I am starting a small business (gift baskets), and need to know the law requirements for wholesale ordering and the resale of wine and beer. I live in South Carolina but will be shipping out of state. I realize that I will need a business license but do I need a license to sell alcohol also?	Retail Law Questions	South Carolina
What is Intent to take default? What is Intent to take default?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Employment Questions,Trade Secret Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	California
Quickest, inexpensive service to protect my invention/idea? What is the fastest and least expensive way to protect my idea but still be able to introduce to the public?	Patent Questions	Michigan
Is it legal for officer to search minor without parental consent? Does an officer have the right to search my 15 year old's pockets? A neighbor saw them smoking pot and my son asked to call his mom first and the officer told him no.	Legal Questions	Illinois
What happens if officer part of investigation but no longer works for police department? if an officer is part of an investigation but no longer works for the police department, what happens?	Legal Questions	Virginia
My divorce is becoming a mess. My wife had an injuction filed against me to get an advantage in the ... My divorce is becoming a mess. My wife had an injunction filed against me to get an advantage in the divorce. She hasn't let me see the kids and I a have visitation order. I filed contempt of court to see my kids and motion to drop injunction because she has been texting and harassing me. I have a court date in late Oct. However, my wife's second lawyer in three months has filed a motion to withdraw from council and my daughter called me crying saying that their mother is gonna move back home out of state with her parents and take the kids this weekend, my daughter is threatening to runaway etc, she is 16. Is it legal for her to leave with the kids during a divorce and what can I do?	Family Questions	Florida
Would like to know if my employer has to give me all the money that is owed to me at the end? I gave a 2 week notice. I would like to know if my employer has to give me all the money that is owed to me by the end of my 2 weeks?	Employment Questions	California
child support for separation/divorce We have been separated 5 months and my husband has given me a certifed letter stating that he gives me full custody of our 7 yr old son. Can a judge grant a petition for separation or divorce in Ga without ruling on child support?  If he leaves and cannot be found, can I proceed with the divorce at a later date? He has also given me a certified letter authorizing me to manage our previous residence and the positive cash flow from it until such time as it becomes a liability. Both the loan and the deed are in his name only.  Essentially, he is willing to provide support as he is able; but doesn't want to have the state looking for him as he is trying to rebuild his life. We lost businesses, real estate, and a child; he has been unemployed 3+	Family Questions	Georgia
What are the guidelines with deeds if you divorce? If you place your spouse name on a deed for property, what happens if you decide to divorce?	Family Questions,Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Is it legal to link non-commercial clause sites if placed in free area of for-profit website? Can a for-profit company's website link to copyrighted information that has a non-Commercial clause? I want to share resources that others have created. Most are copyrighted under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike License, which prohibits using the 'work for commercial purposes.' My plan is to place the guides recommending the resources in an area of the site that is free and open for anyone to use whether or not you are a paying customer. That way, I wouldn't actually be using their content commercially. Would this be acceptable or would I still run afoul of the copyrights?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	California
Most efficient way for website users to accept terms of use? I am trying to figure out the most efficient way to have potential users of our website accept our terms of use.  I have seen other websites require users to select a check box.  Is this really necessary or could they agree when they sign up for the service by placing language to that effect right above the submit button?	Contract Questions,Internet Law Questions	California
How to collect payment when payer held liable by termination clause? July 2010 Services Agreement to customer: "Either party may terminate this Agreement by giving thirty (30) days written notice to the other party. In the event of termination, High Priority Marketing will complete any work authorized up to the point of termination, but will not accept any further work. All moneys unpaid by "Company" pursuant to this Agreement will immediately become due and payable."The company indicated on 8/5/2011 they wished to end the agreement. Services are provided on a monthly basis starting on the 1st of each month. They paid for August but the termination clause was framed in a way that makes them also liable for September. They are now dragging their feet on paying Sept. How can I collect September's payment?	Contract Questions	Colorado
Do I pay too much child support? if my ex wife and i share 50/ 50 of the children and her income is 35000 and mine is around 60000 . but she moved out to live with boyfriend and thier house hold income is greater than mine and i can just afford to pay our house payment (witch her name is on to) how could i end up paying child support. also considering the fact that my oldest daughter seldem  goes with her mother and both kids come to my house after school. i would estimate that i have around my daughter at least 60 % of the time. plus she refuses to pay the kids  cell phone bills. yet i pay 50% health insurance and most of the clothing cost?	Family Questions	Colorado
My landlord believes he has evicted me just by telling me. His eviction date is 11*10*2011, three days from now. he says he will not accept any payment for the upcoming month. What do I do to make him understand this is not legal? I reside in Harris County (Houston, TX).	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Texas
If I get a new job offer, can I transfer my H1B next month? I have H1B visa from a non profit organization. I recently got an offer from for profit organization. Can I transfer my H1B and start work in Feb or I have to wait till October?	Immigration Questions	Washington
what are my rights when it comes to child protective service? what are my rights when it comes to child protective service?	Family Questions	Illinois
Does employee receive earned bonus if they leave before check issued? Are employers required to pay an earned bonus if the employee leaves before the bonus check is issued?	Corporate Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Florida
Union executive board non-responsive to members' requests. What can a union member do when the Executive Board of the union is non-responsive to the requests of its membership and may have broken several by-laws in the process? This is a contract year and to simply vote them out may be too late to save the negotiations.	Employee Benefits Law Questions	Massachusetts
Question regarding my ex and I going through joint custody divorce? My ex and i are currently going through joint custody divorce. She is named the residential parent. However, the child doesn't physically stay with her. She lives outside of his school district also in a crime filled area. My son stays at his grandparents house (also where his school has him addressed as living). My ex just filed for child support to be paid to her. Is there a way i can pay my support to his grandparents instead of her? How do i make this request in court and what sort of documents should i prepare to help my case? I am also considering going for full custody if there is no way to pay the grandparents. I would rather my son live with me and switch schools then to put money in my exes pocket for her to spend on herself.	Family Questions	Illinois
How to obtain temporary custodial rights? I need information on obtaining temporary custodial rights for my grandson.  His mother (my daughter) is going in to rehab for drug addiction on Tuesday, June 19, 2012 and we need to know if it will be possible for me to file and recieve custody while she is in treatment.  The father is living in a situation that has been found unsuitable for children according to child protective services.	Family Questions	California
Will we have to help pay off the mortgage bills during our divorce? In a divorce, we owe more than house is worth. We have a 2nd mortgage and a car payment and a small loan, plus 2 credit card bills.  Land house was built on belongs to me only. Will we have to help pay off these bills? We can not sell this house in this economy.	Family Questions	Kentucky
Can I sue my employer for illegal wiretapping my personal cell phone? I have worked for a government funded program for 10 years. 3 years ago the company hired a new office manager thats never liked me. For the last 18 months the new office manager has had an illegal wire tap on my personal cell phone. He made it pretty clear to me that he is tapping my cell by saying things to me word for word that I've texted to my wife or other people. That's his way of letting me know that he's listening to everything I say or text on my cell phone. There's no doubt in my mind that he's doing this. Can I file a lawsuit against him or possibly the company for this?	Employment Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Colorado
Does work pay me for time taken off during drug screen if test clean? If my work puts me off 4 days pending drug screen results and my drug screen came back clean, does my work have to pay for my time off?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Kentucky
I manage an apartment complex where a would-be-tenant has moved in without a lease, rental payment, security deposit or any remuneration whatsoever, and obtained a key without my knowledge.  Can I change the locks, cancel utilities and/or move out his belongings legally? None	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Leasing Questions,Legal Questions,Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Father's death and had remarried My father just died and not sure if have some 401K's not known about since he remarried. How do I find out for sure?	Consumer Questions,Finance Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oklahoma
Internet auction site charging separate items and shipping fees. If an internet auction site charges a percentage fee on items sold, how is it that they can also charge a seperate fee on the shipping charges when the item isn't coming from or going to them?eBay charges a fee to sell on their auction site, but i have just noticed that the charges are ridiculously high, this is because they also charge a separate fee on the shipping costs, this can't be legal?	Business Internet Questions,Consumer Questions,Consumer Internet Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Finance Questions	California
If you sign an agreement to rent are you legally binded if it's not an actual lease? If you sign an agreement to rent are you legally binded if it's not an actual lease?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
How to redirect users to pot farms through my land? I own two parcels of land. There is a road that runs between my parcels to "Legal" Pot Farms. I'm tired of "Users" coming to my door looking for their "medicine". I would like to put a sign pointing down the access road with "POT Farm at end of drive through metal gate". Are there issues in doing that?	Administrative Law Questions,Advertising Law Questions,Consulting Law Questions,Government Questions,Legal Questions	Oregon
I rented a vacation home and paid the $5250.00 fee upfront as requested by the owner.  I have since cancelled the reservation and the owner informed me he has already spent the money (months in advance of the actual rental date) so it will take him time to reimburse me.  Isn't this illegal in NH?	Education Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	New Hampshire
Hello. I recently sold a car to a man and told him what was wrong with it. This car was over heating and he knew about it. He called me today and told me that the thermostat had been removed, I had no knowledge of this. He is demanding his money back. What should I do?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Tennessee
Bank account held for judgement in another state. My bank account has been held for a judgement from 2000 for $1753 from New York from a credit card machine company.  The bank held double the amount, and I already know the judgement is good for 20 years.  What are my options at this point? I live in Texas.	Banking Law Questions	Texas
Can we type something up stating that we agree on the terms for divorce? I'm divorced with 2 children and live in Illinois.  I'm wanting to move to another state to be closer to family.  My ex and I have spoken about it.  He has agreed to let me move in with my parents.  He only has supervised visits and doesn't see them on a regular basis.  Can we type something up stating that we agree on the terms or do I need to present it in court?	Family Questions	Illinois
What are the laws for tenants living in a foreclosed apartment? What are the responsibilities of a management company in fixing health issues in the units?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
If I have received a partial payment for subcontract work, can I still file a mechanics lien against the home where the work was performed?	Construction Law Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
How to title grantee acknowledgement to deed? I would like to record a grantee acknowledgement to my deed in Virginia.  How should the document be titled?  Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
What do you if your boss wants to frame you in order to lose your job?	Employment Questions	New Hampshire
Can company make you take your meal within 2 hours of clocking in?   Can company make you take your meal within 2 hours of clocking in?  And then allow you to work 6 that hours with 1 ten min. Break?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can judge cancel order of protection if girlfriend initiates contact? My Girlfriend got a phony order of protection for me on Nov. 8th & waited to the 16th to serve it. On Dec. 26th, she stopped me at a mall & said the first words to me. She later arranged future meetings on Dec 30th & Jan 2. The hearing is the Jan 10th. Can I bring this up to a judge to cancel it?	Family Questions	New York
Is brown leaking water in apartment safety/health violation? My apartment started to leak water from the ceiling vent, the closet in the hallway, the bathroom and I am sitting with several puddles of water in my apartment. The water is brown and I have a 10 month old daughter. Would this be considered a safety or health violation?	Leasing Questions	Texas
Do you lose your right to a speedy trial if you have to drop your public defender? Do you lose your right to a speedy trial if you have to drop your public defender for doing NOTHING, and represent yourself?	Criminal Questions	South Carolina
If  I have a tenant evicted, what happens to the possessions left in the property?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
I live in Massachusetts. I owe money to a utility company that took me to court for payment. Could the company put a lien on my house if I have a Homestead filed on my home?	Contract Questions	Massachusetts
Can spouse of decedent make trust irrevocable? After a person is deceased and probate is filed and the last will and testament form of the deceased person is changed to a trust, does the trust then become irrevocable at the spouses request?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Arkansas
Can I break lease if rental office neglects to tell residents about break-ins? The Rental office neglected to tell residents in my building about a series of break-ins. My husband works at night & I have 2small daughters, so now I do not feel safe in this community. Spoke to an officer who said the break ins have been going on for over a month. Can I break my lease?	Hospitality Law Questions	Georgia
Owner refuses to turn over title after car purchase. We paid $5000.00 for a used van 31 days ago.  The previous owner refused to turn over the title.  What can we do?	Commercial Questions	North Carolina
Can my ex arrest me if my kids want to go back with me in another state? My children and I are from Indianapolis, IN, my husband (Ex) was transferred to Lexington,KY about 10 years ago, we moved there then, I have moved back to my parents home.  I have a job and I want to enroll my kids ages 12 and 10 in school, I am the main custodian. My ex says I can't and they have to go back to Lexington.  Can he arrest me if they don't go back? They want to stay with me.	Family Questions	Indiana
Are my rights as a tenant for 90 days notice covered under the federal tenant foreclosure act if my landlord is selling the property in bankruptcy?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Are voice recorded statements admissible in WA court? Are voice recorded statements admissible in court in the state of WA? My mom and boyfriend got into a confrontation & my mom gave a voice rec. statement but is unable to come to the hearing to testify. Will they be able to use her statement that was recorded?	Family Questions	Washington
Can I file lien on school job? I was asked to leave a job due to conflict with the job superintendent but still have money coming to me. Can I file a lien on the job even if it is a school?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Is it fair if my lawyer says he gets 50% of the settlement? I just won a settlement for 29000 dollars, and out of that amount I am only receiving 4000 dollars. My lawyer told me that the contract i signed was 50% and or half the lawyer fees. Is that fair, and am i suppose to get my money first if they are paying in payments?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Sued for medical bill that should not have been in collections. I am being sued for a medical bill that should not have been put into collections because of "The Fair Debt Collections" clause. I responded and got all my paperwork to prove my case but when I called they said since my husband had not responded also that he is in default. What can we do now?	Consumer Questions	Nebraska
Does a landlord have the right to inspect the inside of the property monthly without provocation?	Leasing Questions,Privacy Questions	Texas
Is there something we can do legally to make my roommate's estranged wife leave? I live with a roommate and his wife and kid showed up one day. They are legally still married but he wants nothing to do with her and she won't leave till she gets exactly what she wants. She is driving us crazy! Is there something we can do legally to make her leave?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Do I pay back rent if landlord fails to inform me of rent? I live in subsidized housing.  If the landlord fails to inform me of my rent for four months, am I required to pay back rent?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
if someone is sick at work, right for employer to deny from going home by threatening with termination?
 if someone is sick at work and has a fever of 100 F, is it right for the company to deny you from going home by threatening you with termination?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
How do I go about getting my child back after giving temporary legal guardianship to my cousins? My cousins in Chicago have legal guardianship over my 5 year old so I can go to school and get my life together. They've had her for 3 years now and now that I'm stable I want her back and they're giving me a hard time. How do I go about getting her back?	Family Questions	Indiana
How to change our divorce papers so that they state that I have residential custody of our son? My ex-husband currently has residential custody of our 8 year old son and is now ready to give it to me. I already have it for our 6 yr old daughter.  However he has let my son live with me in the past and then feels like he can take him back whenever he wants(our son in special needs).  So, I need to know how to change our divorce papers so that they state that I have residential custody of our son so that he cant just take him back again?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can owner-financed mortgage go against my credit? Can an owner financed mortgage go against my credit?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Can I terminate biological father's rights if name not listed on birth certificate and no recent contact? I live in Pennsylvania. My daughter turned 2 on July 12th.  There is no father listed on her birth certificate. The last contact with her biological father was when she was 3/4 months old.  Can I get his rights terminated without his consent for abandonment?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
My tenants want to break their lease early. Can I keep their security deposit and hold them responsible for rent until I find new tenants?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can I add fiance's name to condo mortgage? I own a condo in WI w/ mortgage in only my name. My fiancee is being transferred for work. Can we get my fiancee's name onto my condo's mortgage or deed quickly so that the company transferring him will include the condo in his relocation package? We couldn't refinance to add his name to mortgage.	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
What's my punishment if I was just charged with illegal use of a motor vehicle? I was just charged with illegal use of a motor vehicle and I want to know what the likely punishment will be?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Is a contract null and void if owner emails a cease and desist order to sub-contractor to fulfill secondary contracts and then refuses to pay sub contractor for completed services on primary as well as secondary contracts? Can I file a criminal charges for theft of services of over $4000.00?	Construction Law Questions,Contract Questions,Legal Questions	Georgia
What to do when mother leaves you property to put in trust but family in trust wants to sell it? Your mother passed away and left you a home but was advised not to leave the property attached to the home but instead put the property into a family trust. One or more of the family members in the trust wants you to pay rent or sell the property out from under you. What can be done?	Copyright Questions,Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Arizona
If a trespass warning is put out on a residential address, can a person be arrested for trespassing? In Seminole County, Florida, If a trespass warning is put out on a residential address, and that person comes back, can that person be arrested for trespassing, and if so what are the consequences?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a mother lose her custody rights if she has not followed them in over a year? Can a mother lose her custody rights if she has not followed them in over a year?	Family Questions	Illinois
Salaried employee asked to do job outside normal scope, not paid. I'm a salaried employee & I was asked to do a job outside my normal scope of work. A contractor has bids for $36,000 & I was told I would be compensated separately for a 3rd of cost. Now they have and will not pay. How should I proceed without losing my employment?	Employment Questions	Tennessee
What can I do if I witnessed a prosecuting attorney tipping a jury off about a pending case? What can I do if I witnessed a prosecuting attorney tipping a jury off about a pending case a defendant had while she was trying a case in court against him?	Criminal Questions	California
Can a parent take the children out of state without the permission of the other parent? In Arizona, can one parent take the children out of state without the permission or knowledge of the other parent when divorce is pending?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can my will request my family have child visitation equal to that of my husband? CAN I EXPRESS MY WISHES IN MY WILL THAT MY FAMILY BE GIVEN  VISITATION WITH MY CHILDREN EQUAL TO THAT OF MY SURVIVING HUSBAND AND HIS FAMILY? MY FAMILY IS IN NC AND HIS IS IN TX	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
I am withholding rent because of a severe roach problem that existed before I moved into the house in which I rent its basement.  Because I am allergic to foggers and she doesn't want to pay $300, she is now giving me 30 days to move out.  What should I do?	Leasing Questions	Missouri
If we wanted to project the lyrics to a song on a screen during a church service, are there legal obligations on our part? None	Copyright Questions	Pennsylvania
How many breaks required by law for work? How many breaks are required by law for 8 hours of work?	Employment Questions	Colorado
I live in a mobile home park in MA and have kept a motor home here for the past eleven years. The park manager has informed us that there is a new rule that no motor homes are allowed here any more. Would I be grandfathered because he gave us permisson to keep it here?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
How do we change the custody order without hiring an attorney or going to court? If the custodial guardian and parent are in agreement to change custody, how do we change the custody order without hiring an attorney or going to court?	Family Questions	Indiana
How much can a landlord raise your tent at one time? How much can a landlord raise your rent at one time?	Real Estate Questions	Rhode Island
How can my husband and I get temporary custody of our grand-babies? How can my husband and I get temporary custody of our 2 and 3 year old grand-babies? We have had them most of their lives receive no support and the Mom is a drug addict and the Dad beats all of them. He hit me last week so I have a warrant on him. We don't have the money right now for a lawyer and they are trying to get them now because the child support trial is coming up and they want them so they can say they have been raising them. The boys are in danger with them help.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
In Massachusetts, if I was hit by a car while at work in my employer's vehicle and I sustained injuries (not awful ones) but lost no work days, what can I expect to get from the driver's insurance company - he was found completely at fault and my job is handling the claim in regard to their mv only? None	Personal Injury Questions	Massachusetts
I live in Salt Lake City Utah. I leased a fully furnished condo and my lease expires in June of 2012. The property was foreclosed on and now owned by Freddie Mac. The previous owners want to rent me the furnishings for $400 per month. Who does the furnishings belong to?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	Utah
Can I take my child out of state if I leave my husband?	Family Questions	South Carolina
I'm in debt mangement program.  I looked at my credit scores.  Some of creditors scores me 30, even  60 days late.  What can I do to correct this?  I've been with this debt program for almost 5 yrs.  Also, how many yrs can a creditor go back to clean up my score?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
What should I do if I was held an additional 5 days and I was given an ROR? After turning myself in on a warrant, and given an ROR, I was held an additional 5 days under the same warrant I was ROR'd from. As a result, I lost my employment as well as my home. I also still have to appear in court and would like to find some help. Thank you.	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Can a pregnant woman come to the states to apply for a green card? My friend is 4 months pregnant and has a European passport. She is leaving next weekend, and she is able to stay legally for 3 months without a U.S. visa. Her father, who wants her to stay permanently in the states is already a citizen in U.S. My friend is 20 years old. Can she be able to apply for permanent residency if father claimed her as one? If not, why not? Thank you.	Immigration Questions	California
Can my company revoke a retirement plan? My company had us make a choice in 2000, between an old retirement plan with Medical and life insurance versus a new plan that had a lump sum payout. Being we were to get medical and life insurance after retirement, many of us were advised to stay with the old plan. Upon signing for it we recieved a paper stating that we made a "IRREVOCABLE CHOICE".Because a few years later after signing for OUR CHOICE, the company did away with medical for future retirementemployees, is this legal for the company to take away medical retirement from future retirees after agreeing to provide it back in 2000?	Employment Questions	Arizona
What is the rejection risk for an H1B visa if the applicant does not have a bachelor degree but has extensive experience? My husband has an H1B visa now. Though he does not hold a bachelor degree, he has over 16 years experience in IT.  Is he eligible to apply for green card without a degree? If yes, what is an approximate term for waiting for it? Is the risk to get rejection higher than for professionals who hold a bachelor's degree?	Immigration Questions	California
How should I defend myself against false accusations from my ex-girlfriend, whom I am filing a restraining order? I filed a restraining order against ex-girlfriend for death threats over text, stealing money electronically from my bank acct (in check form) and for creating wild stories.  For example, she has named me as an accessory to id theft/check fraud/credit fraud which she committed (no case in progress for this whatsoever), accusing me of trespassing when I have proof that I did not (was at home asleep w/parents in the house and awake), among other things (she is a drug addict). Now she, instead of defending herself, she is preparing subpoenas for friends to make up more wild stories and use irrelevant untrue information against me in her own defense (which I feel is objectionable and unadmittable). I am representing myself and would like advice.	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can my husband come back to the US with an expired green card?  My husband acquired his green card through me. I am a US citizen. He left 2 months ago to his home country of Guatemala. He left with an expired green card. He is still not divorced from me, but he has become with engaged another woman in his home country. Can he get married and come back to the US with his expired green card? Can he married overseas without divorcing me first?	Immigration Questions	New York
Can my landlord increase my rent by 10%? My landlord wants to increase my rent by 10%. Is it legal?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What will happen if my boyfriend misses his court date and has his mom go in his place? My boyfriend (soon to be my baby's dad) attended immigration court a couple moths ago. It had told him that it was going to give him time to look for a lawyer and to come back Jan. 31.  He is 19 and got sent to jail 2 weeks ago. His release day is on March 10 which means he wont be able to go to his court date. If his mom goes and tells the judge, what will happen?	Immigration Questions	California
Can I get an illegal alien that I married documented here? I'm a US citizen, I married a illegal alien back in 1998, here in the US. We have two kids together and he has been deported twice since then, but he came back.  Can I still get him documented here?	Immigration Questions	California
Is it legal for me to receive a continuing writ of garnishment in my case? A law firm received $2000 from me and never filed the Ch 13 bankruptcy. I was garnisheed by one of the debtors that was to be included in the bankruptcy. Initial garnishment was for $4,632 starting in 12/11. By 11/2012, I paid $5,438. Due to long term disparaging treatment by in my prior job that led to some medical distress, I resigned from my prior job. Full payment of the garnishment was made. I received a Voluntary Dismissal of Continuing writ of Garnishment, a Motion to Disburse Funds In Court Registry & Order Directing Disbursement of funds of $100 from Plaintiff and Attorneys. Today, I received a continuing writ of garnishment from the same plaintiff & attorneys for $1450, attached to my new 6 month provisional job. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Florida
How do I get a no contact stalking order case reopened? How do I get a no contact stalking order case reopened in Lee County, Il? I had no lawyer and didn't get one on stand. One witness lied about everything which can be proven and the petitioner embellished and lied. One account discussed on stand wasn't written in addendum I objected and it was over ruled and allowed. I'm a single mom working in social services for twelve years/	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Do I have a right to move back into the house that my husband and I own after moving out 10 years ago and never divorced? My husband and I own a house together in NY. I moved out 10 years ago and the house was paid for at the time. Do I have the right to move back in to the house? We are not legally separated or divorced.	Family Questions	New York
Can my new wife claim my children on her taxes? My wife and I had a civil ceremony. Can she claim my children on her taxes?	Tax Questions	Arizona
What is the IL statute of limitations for medical malpractice? What is the IL statute of limitations for medical malpractice?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
How can I remove the father from my daughter's birth certificate who added his name without my permission? When my daughter was born, the alleged father did not sign affidavit or birth certificate as we were never married but when my daughter was 4, I found out he added his name to her birth certificate without my knowledge or permission.  Is this legal for him to do and how can I get his name removed?	Family Questions	Maryland
Should I take my ex-husband to court to help pay for our son's college parent loan? Should I take my ex-husband to court to help pay for our son's college parent loan? We've been divorced for 15 years and he paid the minimum per month by the State of California during our son's younger years.	Family Questions	California
How could I get full or joint custody of my youngest sibling from my mother if I am 16? How could I get full or join custody of my youngest sibling from my mother? I am 16 years of age.	Family Questions	Texas
/questions/ca4d13333f/giving-birth-us-b2-fiance-applying-citizenship/

What are my alternatives for taking my family law case to the US Supreme court? My children were removed by Division of Child Protection and Permanency (formerly DYFS) in NJ 2009 because of an abandonment claim. During litigation, I lost at all the trials. However, once I lost that, I appealed. I won the appeal and everything was reversed in March 2012. I had to wait over a year for the results. During that time, due to the litigation loss, the case moved to adoption. I lost my parental rights in Nov. 2012. Now, I also appealed the parental rights matter, but was denied. My appeals attorney is the only one who deals with the state. My attorney has put in a motion for the US supreme court but they have to accept it to even look at my case. I have talked to lawyers in NJ they want $5,000-$10,000 dollars upfront to take my case.  What are my other alternatives?	Family Questions	New York
If the mother of a child had full custody and the father previously gave up rights and now has filed for joint custody, can the father prevail? If the mother of a child had full custody and the father previously gave up rights and now has filed for joint custody, can the father prevail?	Family Questions	New York
Will there be any issue with my wife travelling to a foreign country while her H4 visa extension is still pending? I am in H1B visa. My H1B and my wife's H4 visa expired on September 30, 2012. I applied for H1B and H4 extension on september 24, 2012. It is in pending status. My wife is planning to travel India on Jan 27, 2013. I am not traveling.Can my wife travel during this time? When my wife goes for H4 visa stamping in india, will there be any issue because she travelled when H4 visa was pending?	Immigration Questions	New Jersey
How can I change my daughter's last name to match my own? I have a beautiful, smart, kind daughter who will be turning three this week. Sadly, her biological father is not in the picture much at all; we previously lost a child in labor, and though he'd been sober for a few years, the event led to his spiral back into alcoholism. I bear him no ill will, but at this stage he sees her perhaps three times per year (his sister arranges every meeting and drives him to it). He doesn't pay child support in any manner at all, but does carry insurance for her on his employer's policy.My daughter has known my current partner all her life and calls him "daddy." At this stage, all three of us have different last names! I would like to change her last name to match my own; how can I do this? I am in MN.	Family Questions	Minnesota
Can an American citizen granddaughter get visa for her grandparents? Can an American citizen granddaughter get visa for her grandparents?	Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
How can we change the status on the I-130 so my husband can adjust since the priority is up to date now? My husband was petitioned by his mother a LPR in 1998, he is from Mexico.  Then his mother became citizen and the I-130 was adjusted.  Now since 2 years ago he became Spanish citizen since there was a new law in Spain that allowed him to became citizen since his grandfather was born there. Since he is now Spanish citizen, how can we change this status on the I-130 so he can adjust since the priority is up to date now?	Immigration Questions	California
What do I do I have seen my child once and don't really know if I'm his father? Three years ago, I was in a relationship and things went south. One night I was unfaithful to her to some random woman who doesn't even live around here. A couple months later the woman called me and said she was pregnant. She then told the woman I was dating the same thing and it ended the relationship that day. Since then I have not heard from her until today. She said the kid was denied medicade until a father is determined or something of that nature. What do I do I have seen this kid once and don't really know if I'm his father? The kid is 18 months old now and I have a new life with another woman. But I have reference saying that the lady wants me to have nothing to do with the kid, she doesn't even want money.	Family Questions	Arkansas
Do I have a case against the dealership that sold me a car with a faulty sensor? I bought a 2005 Jeep Liberty at a dealership that sold many different kinds of vehicles. I bought it in March of 2012. It was back at their shop 2 times the first month I had it. The sensor lights were on. I took it back they told me they fixed it. I took it back again for the same thing they said they didn't know what the problem was and sent it to a Jeep dealership. Thought the problem was fixed then the check engine light came on. My husband called they said as long as it doesn't blink we are good. It is now dead. I took it to a mechanic he said its going to cost me $4000-5000 to fix it. I still have 3 years of payments and $5000 is ridiculous when I paid $8000 9 months ago. Do I have a case?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
What are my legal rights when the an apartment lessor fails to disclose that someone else owns the apartment and it needs frequent recertification? I'm currently leasing an apartment in Brooklyn from a lady who is leasing it from the managment company (or so I thought). I have a one year lease agreement, and have only been living there for 5 months. Today, she called to say that apparently someone else owns the apartment and needs to re-certify it (or something to that effect) every few months or so. Anyway, apparently this person refuses to because he doesn't want the apartment under his name any longer so what this means is that I'll have to leave the apartment any time between February and March. I didn't know any of these details prior to signing my lease, and none of these are written in my lease agreement with this woman. Is this legal? What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Should I seek a higher settlement amount against the pharmacy that gave me the wrong medication? I have a case against Walgreens because they gave me the wrong medication. The medication they gave me did not mix well with the medication I was currently on. It caused irreversible damage to my body that I will have to deal with for the rest of my life. My current lawyer is telling me to settle for the $10,000 dollar settlement. I know there has to be something greater because these are long time affect to my body.  I want to know if there is a way to go between and find out about the information on my case. I would like to know if I can retain another lawyer to resume my case because my current lawyer does not have my best interest at hand.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can I sue for extensive interior and foundation water damage from poor construction workmanship? Can I sue for extensive interior and foundation water damage from poor construction workmanship? I live in a condominium. During the summer of 2011, my Association hired a construction company to install new siding and roofs. The work was done very poorly and as a result, I have not only extensive exterior but also interior and foundation water damage. Even tho, the Association technically owns the exterior, the damage has significantly affected my interior. I would have to disclose all of this water intrusion if I were to sell my home reducing the value of my home. The Home Inspector advised that my home is in very bad shape. There is water intrusion within all walls on my first and second floor as well under the foundation.	Personal Injury Questions,Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Is it not considered retaliation to write me up and not write up other employees for the same offenses? I had to report a sexual harassment claim to my employer 3 times before it was handled because the harasser was the boss' son. I was given a negative performance review, change in job duties and a written write up for performance. I was accused of committing the same performance issues that 5 other employees are guilty of but have never been written up for. I was written up as punishment for my sexual harassment claim. Is it not considered retaliation to write me up and not write up other employees for the same offenses?	Employment Questions	Alabama
How do I stop a notice to vacate? How do I stop a notice to vacate?	Consumer Questions	New York
Do I need to wait 10 years for expungement of arrest in MA? On 6/2006 i was arrested for assault and battery in Massachusetts. The case was dismissed without a finding, i was held for probation for 6 months. This charge is effecting my career. Expungement is unlikely. I would like to pursue sealment. Do I need to wait 10 years?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
How do I avoid the foreclosure process? My husband had a reverese mortgage which is due as 6-4-2012. Because I was to young to qualify, my name was taken off the deed. We didn't have a will, but a trust that the house wasn't deeded to.  I am told that the only way I can get information on the house or save my home in general is go thru probate court which can be very time consuming and costly. I live in Illinois and have been threaten with foreclosure by the lenders.  Can you give me some advice concerning the best way to pursue this. I want to keep my home, however I can't afford court fees, lawyer's fees, etc.  There is no one to contest the trust. It would be a "simple" probate case.  How much should I expect to pay and can I avoid foreclosure during the process?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can an embassy be sued for releasing visa application information? My friend in Africa applied for his visa at the embassy. His mom got some trouble with her bank when she want to take some money in her bank account. They asked her if her son did apply for a visa at the American embassy and if I gave some fake papers. She started cry and their told her that their will send her to jail. Does the embassy have the right to share any information they receive from a visa application with somebody outside from the embassy? if no, what my friend can do? Can he sue the consular?	Immigration Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Oklahoma
Am I responsible for paying the insurance premium for medical expenses relating to work related injury? I was injured on the job and just had a cervical fusion due to the injury. Workers comp is covering these medical expenses, but I just received a letter from my family insurance company (through the same employer) stating that I am responsible for paying the premium. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Florida
How can I save my home from foreclosure? My husband had a reverse mortgage which is due as 6-4-2012. Because I was to young to qualify, my name was taken off the deed. We didn't have a will, but a trust that the house wasn't deeded to.  I am told that the only way I can get information on the house or save my home in general is go through probate court which can be very time consuming and costly. I live in Illinois and have been threaten with foreclosure by the lenders.  Can you give me some advice concerning the best way to pursue this. I want to keep my home, however I can't afford court fees, lawyer's fees, etc.  There is no one to contest the trust. It would be a "simple" probate case.  How much should I expect to pay and can I avoid foreclosure during the process?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Does a child have dual citizenship if the father is a US citizenship and the mother is Australian? A US citizen father and Australian citizen mother married couple has a child born in US. Does the child have dual citizenship?	Immigration Questions	Washington
Am I entitled to my work bonus if I am out on workers compensation? Am I entitled to my work bonus if I am out on workers compensation?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Can I be a part of a union after being terminated? I was terminated from work on Wednesday. I live in Alabama. Is there any way I can be a part of a union?	Employment Questions	Alabama
What can be done to get back granddaughter whose father has taken her? My daughter is incarcerated in Missouri. She has a 2 year old daughter. The parents are not married and there are no custody papers filed in the courts. She sent me temporary guardianship/power of attorney papers that are signed and notarized. The father has the child and has moved to another location without giving a forwarding address or phone number to contact my granddaughter he has been in hiding for almost a year. The local police dept will not help us with this. Missouri statue states if a parent moves from one location to another with thee intent to keep the other parent from contacting or seeing the child is parental kidnapping. What can be done in this case?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions	Missouri
What do I need to do to change my daughter's last name? I recently left my daughter's father and he is denying her to be his. I am want to take full rights from him and change her first and last name. Is that possible? If so, what exactly would I need to do because I do not want him to be part of her life and I want to change her name.	Family Questions	Ohio
What do I need to look out for in a Settlement and Release of Claims Agreement? What do I need to look out for in a Settlement and Release of Claims Agreement?  In particular, what "gotchas" could I get tripped up by?  To provide some context, this is for an amicable split from a startup of which I am a cofounder.	Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Was I entitled to have my lawyer present after an auto accident even though I was not arrested? I was in an auto accident and suspected of driving under the influence. I was taken to the hospital with a head injury and interrogated by officers (they never identified themselves, never gave me an accident report). I was Mirandized, but not arrested. I have no memory of the accident, probably from a concussion and being knocked out for a minute or so. They wanted to draw my blood, and I said I wanted to consult with a lawyer/have representation because I had been on medication and I wanted some things answered confidentially. They refused. They said I had to submit to the blood test right there or my license would be suspended. I'm in FL. I submitted to it and I don't think I was intoxicated but was I entitled to a lawyer when I asked?	Criminal Questions	Florida
What's the penalty for selling a stolen ring to a pawn shop? What's the penalty for selling a stolen ring to a pawn shop?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Should I put my house under an LLC or corporation to protect myself from liens? I live in RI and I have a home in the Villages in Florida that I rent out.  I want to put the house in either LLC or a corporation.  I am 70, as I get older I want to protect the house from any liens that may be brought against me.  Which would be better?	Real Estate Questions	Rhode Island
What recourse do I have against boss who assigns me work that violates doctor's order? I sustained a work related injury 3/12 (dropped PC on wrist), reported it through US Dept of Labor OWC and work.  I saw a doctor, had surgery on hand to repair nerve & tendon damage.  Completed PT, but due to severity of injury, I still have a large lump on wrist and severe pain daily.  Rehab doctor gave me strong narcotic pain medication to help with pain, said injury is permanent and will take time to heal.  Provided boss with doctors recommendations/limitations for reasonable accommodations.  It worked for a few months, but he began to assign me work that violated doctors orders, thus not allowing time to heal and cause more pain/injury.  Can I do anything about him purposely violating doctor's orders/limitations, even after reminders about doctor's orders?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the right way to setup a contract with a book publisher? I need an agreement to be drafted between my company and a book publisher. The publisher is based in India (think of my business as Netflix for books). I have negotiated a flat fee with the publisher for a fixed number of books. What's the right way to setup this contract and what factors should I keep in mind when drafting such a contract?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Could I sue a bar I went to if I got my jaw broken there due to a lack of security? If I get my jaw broken in a bar due do to lack of security, can I sue and if so how much could I sue for?	Personal Injury Questions	New Jersey
What is my legal recourse to file a case against someone who has failed to pay a substantial portion of a loan I made to them? What is my legal recourse to file a case against someone who has failed to pay a substantial portion of a loan I made to them in January of 2012? Complete payment was to be made by June. What evidence will I need to pursue payment? The only evidence I am certain I can provide is a copy of the check I wrote and was subsequently cashed by the recipient. All repayments were made in cash and documented. Thanks!	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can moving out of state void joint custody arrangements? We have recently moved to SC, my significant other has joint custody of his 11 yr old son. We are trying to make things work out with visitations. On Thanksgiving we met half way (drop off and pick up) and now this his son's mother is emailing us telling us that since we moved out of state, the agreement is voided that she does have to pick him up. The original agreement was we pick up on Friday after school and she picks up on Sunday after 5. We both understand that this can't happen anymore, but is her obligation voided because we moved? We are hoping to keep this out of the courts but if it comes to it, we will. I just don't want her to keep bullying us because we moved out of state.	Family Questions	South Carolina
Do we have a cause of action against motel for bedbug bites? My wife and I got bedbugs in a motel in Ft. Myers, FL. My wife's mother died and we are having to deal with funeral plans and a lot of stress and, and now we have bedbug bites. It is very uncomfortable not to mention  embarrassing. Do we have a legal action?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
How do I adjust my child support payment now that I have proof? The state of New Jersey ordered me to pay child support without proof of my income. I now have proof of some income but they won't reduce it and went off what the mother of my kids said I made, which was a lie because I was unemployed. How do I fix this problem now that I'm more than 3 years and over 60 grand in arrears?	Family Questions	New Jersey
Can I change my 7 year old son's last name without the consent of his biological father?  Can I change my 7 year old son's last name without the consent of his biological father? My son's biological father has not had any contact with my son in 4 years. I did however, try to get in contact with him about my husband possibly trying to adopt my son but he said he would fight me on that, this was back in February. I no longer receive child support since it stopped back in June 2011. I want to be able to give my son my maiden name but do not know the steps or process of being able to get it done.	Family Questions	Texas
Do I need the court's permission to move from one parent to another? If I'm 16, can move from one parent to another? Or do I have to go to court?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Can a parent obtain child support and custody if that parent has been abusive? I am 17 years old and I live in the state of Texas. My father is trying to get back child support, child support, and custody of my 12 year old sister and I from my legally blind and non-working mother. I live with my mom and she lives with my father. My father has verbally denied that I am his, has been arrested for assault/bodily injury of a family member (my mother) and has mentally and verbally abused me. Is there any way possible he will win the case?	Family Questions	Texas
Is my husband's immgration paper still valid even if the petitioner died?n My father petitioned me together with my husband and three children. However, my husband was not included in the affidavit of support of my sister that is why he was not able to come with us in the United States. Me and my children are now green card holders for about 1 and a half years. My father died about a year ago. Is my husband's paper still valid even if the petitioner died? If not, what is the fastest way for me to get my husband? Can I wait until I become a us citizen or file now even if I'm still a green card holder?	Family Questions,Immigration Questions	Virginia
Can an employment prevent a temporary worker from taking a lunch break? I live in Illinois. I am a temp worker. Can my boss make me work without taking lunch?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How do I get backpay from an employer that is now closed? My ex-boss didn't pay me whole month. I have my checks for what she gave me before. I was working in a bar as a bartender for 4 months. She was suppose to give me a check for my last month, but she didn't. I can prove that I was working there since I have a document with her signature. She told that she will give me a check. The bar is closed now.  What can I do?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How can we keep Medicaid while ex-wife attemps to sign off on child support? My ex-wife is attempting to sign off on child support. I went to court last week (she didn't show because she has NEVER asked for support and doesn't want or need it) and the judge sent her papers requesting her to sign off which was their idea, not mine. But, one of the requirements for her to do this is if our son who's 10 now can't be on Medicaid which he is and she's afraid of losing it. I read online that if that were to happen she can appeal as far as keeping him on Medicaid. I don't know what to do. If I don't, I'm $14,000 in the hole and until recently we both didn't know if I was supposed to even pay anything, so I didn't.  How we can make this signing off thing work around the Medicaid?	Family Questions	Indiana
Is a lease considered binding if it is illegally zoned apartment? I just discovered the apartment I'm leasing is in a single-family zoned home. The breaker box for the entire house is in my downstairs, but I have NO climate control. Is the lease considered binding if it's an illegally zoned apartment?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Is a divorce valid if the spouses did not sign the section acknowledging the nature of the action even though the judged signed off on it? I filed for divorce in Mississippi. My husband and I did not sign the section stating we understood. We did not appear in court. The judge signed off on the divorce. It was uncontested. Are we divorced since all of it was not signed by us and notarized?	Family Questions	Mississippi
Question about a sales manager regarding sexual harassment and lying about my contract? My sales manager has tried to force me from getting out of a vehicle with him and trying to get me to go to his hotel while on a work trip.  He has lied to me and has hit on me on several occasions.  He lied to me about my sales contract trying to get out of giving me my bonus.  Please help.	Employment Questions	Nevada
Is it legal for a landlord to change locks in Indiana?  Is it legal for a landlord to change locks in Indiana? I spoke with the owner of the property about ending our contract, he said that he would consider that as my 30 day notice. 21 days later, I went to get the rest of my items & the locks were changed. What legally can I do, & what rights do I have?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
What form do I need to give notice to tenant about not renewing lease? In Massachusetts, i simply want to inform (give notice) the tennant that i do not intend to renew their lease when it expires on Dec 31 and i am looking for a form for that purpose.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Can my landlord evict me because we got into an argument? My landlord is renting me a room with my boyfriend. We didn't sign a lease and been paying her rent, but I don't have proof. A few days ago, she was in a bad mood. While I was making my food, the landlord pushed me to the side because she wanted to sweep the spot I was at. I'm also 4 1/2 months pregnant. Because I told my boyfriend what happened, he confronted her about why she did that. Because I told him, she said she wanted us out before next month. If not, she's going to take my stuff out. Can she do that?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What are my options when my spouse does not support me? My husband and I will be married for 2 years on 12/10/12. I am a US citizen and he is not. He owns his own cleaning business and I am now unemployed. We have not been living together for the past 6 months and he refuses to let me live with him or refuses to help me financially. What are my options?	Family Questions,Immigration Questions	New York
Can i change my children's last names to mine if their father is absent? I have twins that are 5 and father hasn't seen them since they were 6 months and doesn't pay child support. Can i change their last names to mine?	Family Questions	Missouri
is any special form of proxy has to be on special meeting of shareholders of coop building? is any special form of proxy has to be on special meeting of shareholders of coop building?We don,t have anything about proxy in ours by-law, & can you give me source from where your answer?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Question regarding loan modification with BA? We have been trying to loan modify with BA since 2009 due to lose of job that caused us to be behind only a few month.  Then we started paying our monthly mortgage.  Almost every month we were getting a new FedEx and they needed repeated documents.  Then after complaining to OCC, they gave us 3 months trail September, October, and November 2012.  Although we were on trial and paying our payments on time for past year, their attorney send us court letter in September, and had sale date November on our house.  After writing letter to attorney, they dropped the date. BA sent us a loan modification.  I am under doctor treatment since they caused me so much stress. Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Question purchasing a salvaged vehicle? I purchased a salvaged vehicle recently.  Vehicle never left the dealer vehicle got flooded due to Hurricane Sandy.  I told dealer I no longer want vehicle, dealer refuses to refund money.	Consumer Questions	New York
Am I legally obligated to pay child support arrears After I was granted sole custody of my son? Am I legally obligated to pay child support arrears After I was granted sole custody of my son and his mother has no visitation rights?	Family Questions	Kansas
What is the typical sentence for first time child support offenders in Indiana? what is the typical sentence for first time child support offenders in Indiana? It's only being 6000.00 behind but currently having a job.	Family Questions	Indiana
what is the legal age in Louisiana to move out? what is the legal age in Louisiana to move out?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Is there a way to individually or as a group of homeowners, to secede from an existing H.O.A.?  Is there a way to individually or as a group of homeowners, to secede from an existing H.O.A.?  There are 2 different groupings of houses, phase 1 and phase 2 and all of the directors on the Hoa are from phase 1.  Phase 2 only has around 20 houses and I feel like if I went through with a petition, that we would like to do away with the Hoa.  Is this at all possible?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I send back my nephew if he's a green card holder and is behaving badly? My nephew came in the U.S. 4 months ago and he is a green card holder. Can i send him back cause he's behaving very badly? With is wife and his wife is us citizen.	Family Questions	New York
Can international students studying in US redeem gift cards for the points earned for in online surveys? Can international students studying in US redeem gifts/gift cards for the points earned for participating in online games/surveys/helping service? How do we differentiate it from their part time job rules?	Employment Questions	New York
Are underglow LED lights illegal in Oklahoma? Are underglow LED lights illegal in Oklahoma?	Consumer Questions	Oklahoma
What steps should I take now if The court denied me when I was in the residence but I stay in this country? I Applied for residence through my daughter with special descapasidades. The court denied me. I was in the residence but I stay in this country. What steps should I take now?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding my F1 status expiration when I'm from India? Hi...I am from India and on F1 status. my F1 expires in Dec 2015. I will be graduating in May 2013. Currently i am on my CPT and doing internship. Recently i lost my passport. I applied for a new passport at Indian Embassy, New York and they issued me a new passport. I am planning to go to India to get Visa stamped. So will i be issued the same visa with the same expiry date? Is it safe to go for stamping at this point of time? What are the options i have to get my visa stamped?	Immigration Questions	New Jersey
Question regarding owning a home with my sister-in-law and her ex? I own a home with my sister-in-law and her ex-husband.  My name is on the deed owning 50% of the home but it is not on the mortgage loan.  My sister-in-law and I are trying to get a loan mod but need the ex-husband to sign off on one form and he is refusing.  Do I have any rights?  Her divorce decree states that she has 7 years to refinance and pay him off $15,000 but he refuses to sign any paperwork.  We are in the state of Massachusetts.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
If I'm 18 years old and still in high school, can I move out of my parent's house? If I'm 18 years old and still in high school, can I move out of my parent's house?	Family Questions	Indiana
Is it true that Alabama labor law doesn't require employers to give breaks? Is it true that Alabama labor law doesn't require employers to give breaks?	Employment Questions	Alabama
what can i do if the defendant avoided a Revised Payment Order? what can i do if the defendant avoided a Revised Payment Order?	Personal Injury Questions	Massachusetts
Can a mortgage company sue or foreclose on someone who is not on the mortgage but on the deed? Can a mortgage company sue or foreclose on someone who is not on the mortgage but on the deed?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can i receive unemployment if my employer fires me without notice? Can i receive unemployment if my employer fires me without notice?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can a person appointed power of attorney be challenged by a family member if POA is not family? can a person appointed power of attorney be challenged by a family member if the POA is not family?	Family Questions	Kentucky
What happens if you are on probation and are arrested for the same crime? What happens if you are on probation and are arrested for the same crime?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can you sue the city for a broken sidewalk that injures you? Can you sue the city for a broken sidewalk that injures you?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can a Minor (Mother) get custody of a Minor?  Can a Minor (Mother) get custody of a Minor? Father is 20.	Family Questions	North Carolina
how do i legally have my husband put out of a house that only has my name on the lease?  how do i legally have my husband put out of a house that only has my name on the lease? Does this require legal assistance?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can a non us citizen divorce non us citizen by mail in case of domestic violence in IL? Can a non us citizen divorce non us citizen by mail in case of domestic violence in IL?	Family Questions	Illinois
What does asp mean in law terms? What does asp mean in law terms?	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
How long do i have to pull out of deal after i pay for the property cause property is too damaged? How long do i have to pull out of deal after i pay for the property cause property is too damaged?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What was the antitrust claims that the United States had against Microsoft Corporation and the outcome? What was the antitrust claims that the United States had against Microsoft Corporation and the outcome?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
How many breaks work if i work 6 hours & can they make me take a break off the clock?
 I need to know how many breaks work if i work 6 hours & can they make me take a break off the clock?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can a landlord evict you if the place is in foreclosure? Can a landlord evict you if the place is in foreclosure?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a family member of the deceased sue a company cause they allowed supplier to come & caused cancer? can a family member of the deceased sue ford motor company because they allowed the supplier to come in which caused cancer?	Employment Questions	Michigan
if you are under the age of 18 and you have a child, are you considered a legal adult?
 if you are under the age of 18 and you have a child, are you considered a legal adult?	Family Questions	Arkansas
Can a 16 year old leave foster care on their own in the state of north Carolina? Can a 16 year old leave foster care on their own in the state of north Carolina?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can you sue someone for alienation of affection if you're not married? Can you sue someone for alienation of affection if you're not married?	Family Questions	New York
At what age can a child move out or at what age can they decide where they want to live? At what age can a child move out or at what age can they decide where they want to live?	Family Questions	Illinois
Is a Term Life Insurance policy subject to Medicaid Estate Recovery in the State of New Mexico? Is a Term Life Insurance policy subject to Medicaid Estate Recovery in the State of New Mexico?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New Mexico
If the law uses the terminology "must not", what does this mean?
 If the law uses the terminology "must not", what does this mean?	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do If I have just got child support papers serviced to not sue if the child is mine?
 If I have just got child support papers serviced to not sue if the child is mine?	Family Questions	Hawaii
can someone get credit information from one of your creditors without your permission?? can someone get credit information from one of your creditors without your permission??	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Missouri
If my ex is behind 5000 in child support, what's the limit in IN before there's a warrant issued? If my ex is behind 5000 in child support, what's the limit in IN before there's a warrant issued?	Family Questions	Indiana
Can an employer draft funds from an employees checking account to recoup funds from a draw? Can an employer draft funds from an employees checking account to recoup funds from a draw?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is it legal to make a full time doorman work 16 hours without lunch or break in between a shift? In New York City is it legal to make a full time doorman work 16 hours without lunch or break in between a shift?	Employment Questions	New York
Are there any laws in Honolulu, Hawaii that pertain to a patient refusing to start dialysis treatment? Are there any laws in Honolulu, Hawaii that pertain to a patient refusing to start dialysis treatment?	Family Questions	Hawaii
Can the lessee replace the heat-pump with a new one & remove it and take it with them when they relocate? In a triple-net lease can the lessee replace the heat-pump with a new one and then remove it and take it with them when they relocate?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Oregon
is there a limit to how much weight a woman is required to lift at work? is there a limit to how much weight a woman is required to lift at work?	Employment Questions	Michigan
is it possible to have old felony conviction removed from my record? is it possible to have old felony conviction removed from my record?	Criminal Questions	Texas
Can my husband get joint custody of son now that it shows he has a stable place to stay? Can my husband get joint custody of son now that it shows he has a stable place to stay? Can he get off child support?	Family Questions	Louisiana
how long can Wyoming hold a suspect that is to be extradited? how long can Wyoming hold a suspect that is to be extradited?	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
How long in Alabama do you have to file assault charges on a person? How long in Alabama do you have to file assault charges on a person?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
How can I charge a bank with criminal conspiracy in dealing with my checks? How can I charge a bank with criminal conspiracy in dealing with my checks, which they have deposited in somebody else's account?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Employer offer me salary, require a minimum of 55 hours per week & then dock me if hours aren't met? Can my employer offer me a salary, require a minimum of 55 hours per week and then dock me if the 55 hours are not met?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can a leasing consultant reveal which school district their apartment community is in? Can a leasing consultant reveal which school district their apartment community is in?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
If I can no longer afford maintenance fees, can the time share company put a lien against my house? I own a time share in PA. I can no longer afford the yearly maintenance fees.  Can the time share company put a lien against the house I own?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Is the impounding of a vehicle in IL for a DUI considered a ticket? Is the impounding of a vehicle in IL for a DUI considered a ticket?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Should I sign a lien to pay an outside doctor? Should I sign a lien to pay an outside doctor?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What if you were wrongful discharged? What if you were wrongful discharged?	Employment Questions	Michigan
what is the percentage or the fee charged on a cash property sale for the seller? what is the percentage or the fee charged on a cash property sale for the seller?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How old do you have to be to move out of your parent's house without their consent? How old do you have to be to move out of your parent's house without their consent in the state of Missouri?	Family Questions	Missouri
What is the statute of limitation on sexual harassment? What is the statute of limitation on sexual harassment?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Statute of limitations for wrongful termination due to a workers comp case with bad union representation? What is statute of limitations for wrongful termination due to a workers comp case with bad union representation in Illinois?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
What if a owner of the apartment breaks the lease do he have to pay me if my lease not up? What if a owner of the apartment breaks the lease do he have to pay me if my lease not up?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Carolina
If I can no longer pay the lot rent, can I walk away from this leaving the mobile home? I own a mobile home in a park in DE. I can no longer pay the lot rent. Can I walk away from this leaving the mobile home?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How old does a child have to be in the state of Missouri to say which parent they want to live with? How old does a child have to be in the state of Missouri to say which parent they want to live with?	Family Questions	Missouri
Where can you get married at the age of 17 with a baby without parental consent? Where can you get married at the age of 17 with a baby without parental consent?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can I get back child support from my dad if I'm 21? I am 21 and I was wondering if I could get back child support from my dad? I live in Oklahoma and need help going about getting the child support he owes me.	Family Questions	Oklahoma
What is the difference between surrendering or vacating a premises?  What is the difference between surrendering or vacating a premises? Is one better than the other or less severe on your credit history?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How long does prosecution have to arraign someone after they've been indicted?
 How long does prosecution have to arraign someone after they've been indicted?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
After being laid off can an employer refuse to mail you your last check? After being laid off can an employer refuse to mail you your last check, making you go go their place of business to pick it up even if that place of business is a distance from where you live?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Which law enforcement agency do I go to file a consumer protection act report against?  Which law enforcement agency do I go to file a consumer protection act report against?	Consumer Questions	Tennessee
What is an order of eviction form? What is an order of eviction form?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How do I petition a court to move a minor child? How do I petition a court to move a minor child? Custody has been established.	Family Questions	Nevada
Once an estate has "unclaimed assets" discovered, how to claim those assets for the beneficiaries?
 Once an estate has been probated and "unclaimed assets" have later been discovered, what is required by Florida law in order to claim those assets for the beneficiaries?	Family Questions	Florida
What form would I use to buy my ex out of a court order to my retirement by giving her a lump sum? Hello, what form would I use to buy my ex wife out of a court order to my retirement by giving her a lump sum, and have her waver the right to any future income or appeal?	Family Questions	California
Could you be put on 6 month probationary for absenteeism and you have a doctor excuse? in one year I missed a total of 9 days. Could you be put on 6 month probationary for absenteeism and you have a doctor excuse?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
If I work for Seneca County & I need to have surgery on my hand, do they need to provide disability? If I work for Seneca County & I need to have surgery on my hand, do they need to provide disability, as they do not?	Employment Questions	New York
Can my company keep me on call 24 hours a day 7 days a week?  Can my company keep me on call 24 hours a day 7 days a week? This has been happening for the last 4 years?	Employment Questions	West Virginia
If I have to go to court but I live in another state how do I get another date to go to court? If I have to go to court but I live in another state how do I get another date to go to court?	Family Questions	Kentucky
How long do you have in New York City to change your mind on adoption? How long do you have in New York City to change your mind on adoption?	Family Questions	New York
Can I be evicted with a newborn baby out of my apartment in 48 hours? Can I be evicted with a newborn baby out of my apartment in 48 hours?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Apply for benefits if your company makes you switch from hourly wage to a commission only base salary? If your company makes you switch from hourly wage to a commission only base salary, can you apply for unemployment benefits?	Employment Questions	New York
Could I sue or get my apartment back if I was evicted for no reason? Could I sue or get my apartment back if I was evicted for no reason?	Real Estate Questions	Mississippi
What is max percent they can take of your income in Louisiana?  What is max percent they can take of your income in Louisiana? And can they base it on overtime if your not promise overtime?	Family Questions	Tennessee
Can two renters of one apartment each have their own lease in the same apartment? Can two renters of one apartment each have their own lease in the same apartment?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Do you have to live in separate households to be legally separated? Do you have to live in separate households to be legally separated?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Do I have to pay child support if my child is in the arm services? Do I have to pay child support if my child is in the arm services?	Family Questions	New York
What would you call discrimination? What would you call discrimination?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can the city of Chicago follow me without my knowledge for residency? Can the city of Chicago follow me without my knowledge for residency?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Are there any laws that would protect me in my work place, from people I have had a violent history with?
 Are there any laws that would protect me in my work place, from people I have had a violent history with?	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal in Florida to sell a vehicle without a title? Is it legal in Florida to sell a vehicle without a title?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is there a way you can throw away a case of domestic violence if you have a justifiable reason? In the state of PA is there a way you can throw away a case of domestic violence if you have a justifiable reason?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I ask for bank statements as proof of income for an apartment complex? Can I ask for bank statements as proof of income for an apartment complex?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is a utility patent? What is a utility patent?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can i give my mother full child custody & what do I have to to do to give her custody?
 Can i give my mother full child custody & what do I have to to do to give her custody?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I get child support if child is 18 but still in high school?  Can I get child support if child is 18 but still in high school?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What are the statue of limitations of non-payment of mileage? What are the statue of limitations of non-payment of mileage? and what is the mileage rate?	Employment Questions	California
When you buy a used car in the state of MS from a dealer can you take it back? When you buy a used car in the state of MS from a dealer can you take it back?	Consumer Questions	Mississippi
how long does it take to get this divorce? how long does it take to get this divorce?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can i make a small claim in small claims court against a car dealer in N.J.? can i make a small claim in small claims court against a car dealer in N.J. When i live in dc on a car i purchased there, that was a as is purchase and its been less than 30 days?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	District of Columbia
If I have my children three nights out of the week can I request my child support be changed? If I have my children three nights out of the week can I request my child support be changed? Or if its four nights out of the week?	Family Questions	Illinois
how long can employer withhold your check in the state of Illinois?
 how long can employer withhold your check in the state of Illinois?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I legally move out if I'm 16 and both my parents are incarcerated and I'm living with my uncle? both of my parents are incarcerated. I am 16 and living with my aunt and uncle right now. I want to move out. Can I legally?	Family Questions	Florida
What happens if your son is 19 and out of high school and you're still paying child support for him? What happens if your son is 19 and out of high school and you're still paying child support for him?	Family Questions	California
how can i settle my workers comp fines without too much financial hardship? how can i settle my workers comp fines without too much financial hardship?	Employment Questions	New York
If mother has left state for over a year and wishes to see child, do I have to let her? If mother has left state for over a year and wishes to see child, do I have to let her?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Question living in a house before we married and now getting a divorce? I live in Missouri and had the house before we married, been married three years and going to divorced, can she get the house?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Can my ex's right be taken away if he has not seen his twins in 7 or 8 years? Can my ex's right be taken away if he has not seen his twins in 7 or 8 years?	Family Questions	Texas
What are the laws on doing a fundraiser for my school?  what are the laws on doing a fundraiser for my school? I want to put on a turkey ham dinner but i don't know what the food laws are for fundraising can you help me?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Is there a set fee for an Executor of a Will? Is there a set fee for an Executor of a Will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Minnesota
Can I get back child support on my father even though I just turned 19 this month?  Can I get back child support on my father even though I just turned 19 this month?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Can an owner that is still paying on a contract for deed sell it to someone else on contract for deed? Can an owner that is still paying on a contract for deed sell it to someone else on contract for deed?	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
In Missouri, can you move out where ever you want without both parent's consent? In Missouri, can you move out where ever you want without both parent's consent?	Family Questions	Missouri
What can I do legally if I was served foreclosure notice on my home & my tenant did not pay me rent? What can I do legally if I was served foreclosure notice on my home & my tenant did not pay me rent?	Real Estate Questions	New York
To find out what I pay in child support do they go off my base pay or do they add base pay plus overtime? To find out what I pay in child support do they go off my base pay or do they add base pay plus all my overtime and bonus in?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
Can a GAL depose the parties in a custody case? Can a GAL depose the parties in a custody case?	Family Questions	Illinois
When is a teacher in the state of TN not protected under the Tort Act? When is a teacher in the state of TN not protected under the Tort Act?	Criminal Questions	Tennessee
If I already have an open case for child support, can my baby mama still go sign me up again through dhr?
 If I already have an open case with the court for child support, can my baby mama still go sign me up again through dhr?	Family Questions	Alabama
if a child does not go to school  and you're on child support what to do? if a child does not go to school  and you're on child support what to do?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can I sue my employer if they retaliate against me because I filed a grievance? Can I sue my employer if they retaliate against me because I filed a grievance?	Employment Questions	Utah
Do both people have to sign legal documents to officially get a divorce? Do both people have to sign legal documents to officially get a divorce?	Family Questions	Colorado
Is it possible to sue the government for lost livelihood? Is it possible to sue the government for lost livelihood?	Family Questions	Virginia
What rights do grandparents have when their son-in-law abandons his family? What rights do grandparents have when their son-in-law abandons his family and now they are with us trying to clean up a mess that he helped create?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Anything I can legally do if i have a house & filed bankruptcy on and the bank refuses to foreclose on it? i have a house in Louisville, KY and i filed bankruptcy on and the bank refuses to foreclose on it. Is there anything i can legally do?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
Can the cosigner of a leased vehicle break the lease without the original signers signatures? In the state of Utah can the cosigner of a leased vehicle break the lease without the original signers signatures?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Utah
What is my right that at work the supervisors does reverse discrimination? What is my right that at work the supervisors does reverse discrimination?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What should I do if the landlord abandoned his property without telling anyone? What should I do if the landlord abandoned his property without telling anyone and hasn't been seen in 7 months?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Is a Stepdaughter a relative to the stepfather? Is a Stepdaughter a relative to the stepfather?	Family Questions	Tennessee
Can you record a person and them not knowing and use it in court in PA? Can you record a person and them not knowing and use it in court in PA?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
how do i file an adverse possession on a property in Tennessee? how do i file an adverse possession on a property in Tennessee?	Real Estate Questions	Tennessee
Why do I still need to pay for a property I declared on my Chapter 7 a year ago? Why do I still need to pay for a property I declared on my Chapter 7 a year ago?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If the mother has not made a move to take full custody, can you as a father make the first move? If the mother has not made a move to take full custody, can you as a father make the first move? and what will you need to keep the child full time?	Family Questions	Florida
Question regarding my late son's will that isn't probated? My son died and left a will but it isn't probated.He left me to take care of his affairs as stated in his will.He has an account where he left money for my grandchild but I cannot get to it since the will wasn't probated. what can I do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
If I want to refinance to buy out my husband for our house would I need a real estate attorney? If I want to refinance to buy out my husband for our house would I need a real estate attorney?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If my husband's grandma is a divorce lawyer is that something to worry about when filing for a divorce? If my husband's grandma is a divorce lawyer is that something to worry about when considering filing for a divorce?	Family Questions	Indiana
Is a police officer allowed to threaten someone with a warrant in order to badger a suspect in a case? Is a police officer allowed to threaten someone with a warrant in order to badger a suspect in a case, one who is not involved?	Criminal Questions	West Virginia
How long will a noncontested divorce take in the state of SD? How long will a noncontested divorce take in the state of SD?	Family Questions	South Dakota
if i got fired for failing my drug test for weed and so did my coworker but he didn't is that discrimination? if i got fired for failing my drug test for weed and so did my coworker but he didn't is that discrimination?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What age is a child old enough to be moved out-of-state by the custodial parent? In Ky at what age is a child old enough to be moved out-of-state by the custodial parent without the non-custodial parent preventing it?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Can an employer pay waitress pay after closing time?  Can an employer pay waitress pay after closing time? To deck scrub the entire restaurant and work us so hard that every muscle hurts and we are sweating thru our clothing?	Employment Questions	Missouri
How can i get a visa visit for my mother-in-law?
 How can i get a visa visit for my mother-in-law?	Family Questions	Minnesota
How can you block the sale of property in Oregon? How can you block the sale of property in Oregon?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Can my Child Support be lowered if I'm unable to support my new family now? I pay Child Support to my ex but now I have another kid with someone else. Can my Child Support be lowered if I'm unable to support my new family now?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can I put my boyfriend on child support even though we live together? Can I put my boyfriend on child support even though we live together?	Family Questions	Alabama
is it unlawful to open carry a loaded handgun in Virgina? is it unlawful to open carry a loaded handgun in Virgina?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Can a parent be forced to move from their home into a retirement community against their will? Regarding elder law - can a parent be forced to move from their home into a retirement community against their will? She has designated a power of attorney, but is not under anyone's guardianship.	Family Questions	Michigan
How Much Jail Time For Domestic Violence Charge?  How Much Jail Time For Domestic Violence Charge? For a Class D felony?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
How old does a child have to be when they have to be to make up their mind to move to the other parent? How old does a child have to be when he are she has to be to make up there mind when they want to move to the other parent?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can a family member adopt your child without you being there? Can a family member adopt your child without you being there?	Family Questions	Missouri
If I'm being sued for damages from assault and battery but I can't afford a lawyer, what should I do?  If I'm being sued for damages from assault and battery but I can't afford a lawyer, what should I do?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What does it mean if parents filed a police report against me but they're not pressing charges? My parents filed a police report against me but they're not pressing charges. What does that mean?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Do you need a lawyer to petition for power of attorney of my father? Do you need a lawyer to petition for power of attorney of my father?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can cashing an estate check affect me when it was made out to my name only? Can cashing an estate check affect me when it was made out to my name only?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can i appeal a probate courts ruling on widows yr support as i was not present on court date? Can i appeal a probate courts ruling on widows yr support  as i was not present on court date & don't agree?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Can a retail company cut your hours and or fire you for the customers not getting a card through them? Can a retail company cut your hours and or fire you for the customers not getting an credit card through them?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Would it be legal for an employer to be rude to an employee? Would it be legal for an employer to be rude to an employee?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Does the state of Alabama recognize "tenancy by the entirety"?  Does the state of Alabama recognize "tenancy by the entirety"?  Trying to default on a 37,000 outrageous loan, (14.88%)  Citi Mortage.  Not a mortage, but I am sure they will place a lien.	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Help for legal rule for dismissing public defender in New Mexico? I need the Legal Rule for dismissing public defender in state of New Mexico. Please!	Criminal Questions	New Mexico
Can you get your real estate license if you have a B Misdemeanor from 14 yrs ago for domestic battery? Can you get your real estate license if you have a B Misdemeanor from 14 yrs ago for domestic battery?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Can a general practice doctor prescribe you gedon an buspirone for 2 years and never refer to a psychiatrist? Can a general practice doctor prescribe you gedon an buspirone for 2 years and never refer you to a psychiatrist. ( Its more to this story)	Personal Injury Questions	Arkansas
Laws against exhuming dogs remains from pet cemetery? Laws against exhuming dogs remains from pet cemetery.  Can I exhume what remains there are of my two dogs from a pet cemetery.  The pet cemetery was sold however the people who bought it want yearly fees never asked before and I also have not been able to contact them for the past few months.  I want to exhume what remains there are and bring them home to be buried here.  Can I do this and what do I need to do to do this?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What can I do if I'm a waitress in Indiana and I'm sure my employer has scammed me on my pay/hours? I'm a waitress in Indiana and I'm sure my employer has scammed me on my pay/hours. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Do I have any recourse from a plant next door producing smoke that blows onto my property? Do I have any recourse from a plant next door producing smoke that blows onto my property?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
What age a child has to be to decide whom he wants to live with in the state of NH? i would like to know what age a child has to be to decide whom he wants to live with in the state of NH?	Family Questions	New Hampshire
Can you charge service charges on a service charge? Can you charge service charges on a service charge?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
if someone forged a work of art and sold it as an original, what would be the proper charge? if someone forged a work of art and sold it as an original, what would be the proper charge?	Criminal Questions	Utah
Is it illegal to donate expired medication to patients?
 Is it illegal to donate expired medication to patients?	Employment Questions	California
How long do I have to recover real property after my ex did a fraudulent quiet title in Oregon?
 How long do I have to recover real property after my ex did a fraudulent quiet title in Oregon?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Can my wife take my kids and run off with no means of taking care of them? Can my wife take my kids and run off with no means of taking care of them?	Family Questions	Georgia
Obtain a CCW permit in PA if i have a misdemeanor charge for possession of a controlled substance? Can i obtain a CCW permit in PA if i have a misdemeanor charge for possession of a controlled substance?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What constitutes age discrimination? What constitutes age discrimination?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Legal to tell an employee that they have to work the next day if they weren't on the schedule? Is it legal for an employer to tell an employee that they have to work the next day if they weren't on the schedule?	Employment Questions	Oklahoma
Can I file a civil suit in NC if I find out information after the divorce that is negative? Can I file a civil suit in NC if I find out information after the divorce that is negative and would have played a major role in my decision to marry the person?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Is there a law against part-time employees working full time hours? Is there a law against part-time employees working full time hours?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
If my lawyer is appealing my case can they still put me in jail in court tomorrow? If my lawyer is appealing my case can they still put me in jail in court tomorrow?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
What to do if I bought land from tax sell and they say it got an IRS lien on it? What to do if I bought land from tax sell and they say it got an IRS lien on it?	Real Estate Questions	Mississippi
What to do if I'm in an uncontested divorce with no children no property claim & separated for 10 years? What to do if I'm in an uncontested divorce with no children no property to claim & been separated for 10 years?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Is it against the law to rent out apartments made in 1961 without rebuilding anything?
 Is it against the law to rent out apartments made in 1961 without rebuilding anything?	Real Estate Questions	California
If I go to court for child support and the dad has no job will I still get child support? If I go to court for child support and the dad has no job will I still get child support?	Family Questions	New York
Who all attends the scene of an accident? Who all attends the scene of an accident?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
do you need a license to sell puppies in Vermont? do you need a license to sell puppies in Vermont?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Vermont
Is there anything i can do when a state of Maine worker yells at me? Is there anything i can do when a state of Maine worker yells at me?	Family Questions	Maine
Possible to see what is in a case arraigned against me?  is it possible to see what is in a case arraigned against me? The info, who would be called to a preliminary hearing etc? I only have my original citation.	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
If my son gives POA to his aunt (while he is incarcerated),  can that be revoked once is is free? If my son gives POA to his aunt (while he is incarcerated),  can that be revoked once is is free?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
What is the law on how close you can plant a tree on the property line? What is the law on how close you can plant a tree on the property line?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can a landlord keep my personal property in lieu of back rent? Can a landlord keep my personal property in lieu of back rent?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What to do if I have mice in my apartment and the landlord has not really did anything? What to do if I have mice in my apartment and the landlord has not really did anything?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
what is the highest in child support you can get on 3 children In PG Maryland? what is the highest in child support you can get on 3 children In PG Maryland?	Family Questions	Maryland
If I own property in New York can I live in my RV year round if I have water and septic on the land? If I own property in New York can I live in my RV year round if I have water and septic on the land?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If you work a 40hr week Monday through Friday could the company force you to work 12hrs  each on the weekend?  If you work a 40hr week Monday through Friday could the company force you to work Saturday 12hrs Sunday 12hrs?	Employment Questions	Florida
if I'm in jail who pays for the bankruptcy lawyer? if I'm in jail who pays for the bankruptcy lawyer?	Consumer Questions	Hawaii
In middle of purchase agreement closing 8-2013, who is liable for a bad leach field? In middle of purchase agreement closing 8-2013, who is liable for a bad leach field?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Recourse regarding negligence on the part of the insurance company handling my workers comp case?  Do I have any legal recourse regarding negligence on the part of the insurance company handling my workers comp case?  I believe their constant denying of requests and delays had direct effect on my injury becoming worse and requiring surgery.  Had they listened and approved requests without weeks of delay, I would have been back to work MUCH sooner and probably would not have had to even have surgery.	Personal Injury Questions	Texas
Can my wife force me to leave our home? Can my wife force me to leave our home?	Family Questions	Mississippi
What do I do if I've been ordered to pay child support but I have never been determined as the father? What do I do if I've been ordered to pay child support but I have never been determined as the father of the children?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
If my home is in foreclosure and it will be sent to the sheriff's sale how do I get notified? If my home is in foreclosure and it will be sent to the sheriff's sale how do I get notified when that is going to happen?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
Can I take Toyota to court now if I bought a Camry 2011 from Toyota which I believe is defective? I bought a Camry 2011 from Toyota which I believe is defective. Can I take Toyota to court now?RE..	Consumer Questions	Virginia
How do I collect on a legal promissory note that was signed in New York?  How do I collect on a promissory note that was signed in New York? That person now lives in another state	Consumer Questions	New York
Is it in my legal rights to drop my husband from my health insurance during open enrollment at my work? Is it in my legal rights to drop my husband (we're separated 1 1/2 years) from my health insurance during open enrollment at my company? I understand if I do he will not be eligible for cobra insurance.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If I'm not married to my children's father can I move over state lines without permission? If I'm not married to my children's father can I move over state lines without permission?	Family Questions	Illinois
With preliminary hearing results in PA, how do i find the results?  With preliminary hearing results in PA, how do i find the results? I was unable to attend a friends hearing and i would like to know the outcome.  Was it dropped or is it going to a jury? Is this public record? Can I just go up to the courthouse and request the outcome?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What would be a standard fee to charge for executor of a will in State of Texas? What would be a standard fee to charge for executor of a will in State of Texas?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
How to fight if my ex-landlord wants to keep my deposit for a new kitchen floor that doesn't replaced? My ex-landlord wants to keep my security deposit of $650 for a new kitchen floor that absolutely does not need to be replaced. What do I need to do to fight this?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
if I'm on welfare & my son and I got left an inheritance for $5,000 dollars each what should i do? if I'm on welfare and live in MA and my son and I get left an inheritance for $5,000 dollars each what should i do?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can the diversion program be offered to someone that has more than one charges against them? Can the diversion program be offered to someone that has more than one charges against them?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
If you get married & your spouse was not divorced to prior wife, does that make the marriage invalid? If you get married & your spouse was not divorced to prior wife, does that make the marriage invalid?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
What is the primary focus of the bureaucratic style of prison management? What is the primary focus of the bureaucratic style of prison management?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Does NV have a non-compliance law and where can I find documentation of it? I am refinancing my property in Nevada.This property is in a family trust now.My escrow has submitted documents to proceed and fund refinancing.The Trustee is not responding in a timely matter, we have been in the process for 3-4 months. The Trust does not reply to Escrow's request.Does NV have a non-compliance law and where can I find documentation of it?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
Question regarding putting my two week notice at work? I put in my two week notice at work. After a week, I talked to my Assistant Store Manager (my manager was out of town) and told her that I needed to resend my resignation due to family issues. She told me that was fine and it would make scheduling for the following week easier. I checked the schedule and noticed I had been completely taken off for the following weeks. My manager then came in and told me that while I had not been fired, they had planned ahead for my resignation and hired someone else for the position. So while I had not been fired, they were not offering me my own job back! What do I do?!	Employment Questions	California
can a company ban someone from a federal and state funded area? can a company ban someone from a federal and state funded area?	Employment Questions	California
What to do if If you are not getting paid the minimum wage at work and you are working 30 hours a week? If you are not getting paid the minimum wage at work and you are working there 30 hours a week and not getting paid for that week at your job what should I do?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is it legal to charge late/finance fees in Michigan, to someone who does not pay their bill monthly? Is it legal to charge late/finance fees in the state of Michigan, to someone who does not pay their bill monthly?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Michigan
Can a change in judge be granted under Indiana Rule 76 (B) MORE THAN ONCE in a divorce case?
 Can a change in judge be granted under Indiana Rule 76 (B) MORE THAN ONCE in a divorce case?	Family Questions	Indiana
What do I do if I was charged with a summary offense but my background says it is an open misdemeanor? I was charged with a summary offense but my background check says it is an open misdemeanor. What do I do?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an employer send you home on no work related issues? Can an employer send you home on no work related issues?	Employment Questions	Nevada
What to do if I was arrested for being disabled and he doesn't believe me? i was stopped by isp Jeff Jayne. He arrested me for being disabled, i told him i was and he said he doesn't believe me.	Criminal Questions	Idaho
Legal for a company to refuse to hire a person who has been unemployed for several years? Is it legal for a company to refuse to hire a person who has been unemployed for several years?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can a pawnshop demand all three months interstate to keep item in pawn for the remainder of the loan? In state of NC can a pawnshop demand all three months interstate in a ninety day loan in order to keep item in pawn for the remainder of the loan and pick up your item?	Consumer Questions	California
How do I sue someone for info about my birth certificate when the person will not give up any info? How do I sue someone for information about my birth certificate when the person will not give up any information?	Family Questions	Arkansas
What's the legal process to plead to the judge to terminate my ex-husband's parental rights? What's the legal process to plead to the judge in Palm Beach County, FL to terminate my ex-husband's parental rights? My ex-husband has no contact with our son in 3 years, nor does he pay any court ordered child support. My son and I live in Georgia, and my ex still lives in Florida. I want my son to have my last name.	Family Questions	Florida
Can my employer not allow me to come back to work until i sign a write up? Can my employer not allow me to come back to work until i sign a write up?	Employment Questions	Montana
Does a company truck driver have the right to see a rated freight bill as owner operators do? Does a company truck driver who is paid a percentage of the gross revenue of the load have the right to see a rated freight bill as owner operators do?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I was falsely arrested for domestic violence and charge was changed to interfere with gov operations? What to do if I was falsely arrested for domestic violence and charge was changed to interfere with gov operations?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
What can I do to either keep the father out of the babies' life or have supervised visitations? I am six months pregnant, and want nothing to do with the father.  What can I do to either keep him out of the babies life or have supervised visitations?	Family Questions	Missouri
if a house is in probate, could it be foreclosed on for non payment of taxes?  if a house is in probate, could it be foreclosed on for non payment of taxes? no mortgage	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can an employer make it mandatory that you volunteer somewhere at least one day a year? Can an employer make it mandatory that you volunteer somewhere at least one day a year?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Is a stepparent allowed to spank the child even if one of the biological parents is not okay with it? In the state of Georgia is a stepparent allowed to spank the child even if one of the biological parents is not ok with it?	Family Questions	Georgia
Illegal for a teacher to discuss a student's personal info with anyone other that the parent? Is it illegal for a teacher to discuss a students personal information with anyone other that the parent or guardian through email pr public discussion? This discussion included a untruthful information.	Family Questions	Florida
Are there any laws on termination on a temp employee in Atlanta, GA? Are there any laws on termination on a temp employee in Atlanta, GA?	Employment Questions	Georgia
How can you get a judge to grant you a hardship for your bail?
 How can you get a judge to grant you a hardship for your bail?	Criminal Questions	Arizona
Is there a law that says you can not work alone at gas station after a certain hour, and if so do you what it is? Is there a law that says you can not work alone at gas station after a certain hour, and if so do you what it is?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
What are the statues of limitation on probation violation?  What are the statues of limitation on probation violation? And can you be tried for a trial by jury and be violated for probation at the same time? What is the percentage to be served on an enhancement act?	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
How can I put my ex wife in contempt of court for lying to the courts? How can I put my ex wife in contempt of court for lying to the courts?	Family Questions	Colorado
What is the quickest and cheapest way at this point to dissolve our marriage if we separated 8 years ago? My husband and i have been separated for 8 yrs. what is the quickest and cheapest way at this point to dissolve our marriage?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How do you sue for right to your photo? How do you sue for right to your photo?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Can a bank charge off your mortgage loan while you are protected under chapter 13 bankruptcy? Can a bank charge off your mortgage loan while you are protected under chapter 13 bankruptcy?	Real Estate Questions	Oklahoma
If my landlord wants to raise my rent & I can't afford it, can I live off my last month's rent & security? If my landlord wants to raise my rent & I can't afford to stay, can I live off my last months rent & also off my security?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it possible to drop a restraining order issued by NY supreme court? Is it possible to drop a restraining order issued by NY supreme court?	Family Questions	New York
if someone purposely hits your moving vehicle with theirs, isn't that assault with a deadly weapon?  if someone purposely runs into and hits your moving vehicle with theirs, isn't that assault with a deadly weapon?	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
How can I get a car out of impound if it was not mine? How can I get a car out of impound if it was not mine?	Criminal Questions	California
How old does a child have to be to choose which parent they want to live with in Wisconsin? How old does a child have to be to choose which parent they want to live with in Wisconsin?	Immigration Questions	Wisconsin
How can a house be sold when it is still in probate county records say the house can not be sold? how can a house be sold when it is still in probate county records say the house can not be sold?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can you get a bond if you owe child support in the state of Virginia? Can you get a bond if you owe child support in the state of Virginia?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
How old do you have to be to live on your own without a parent in the state of New Mexico? How old do you have to be to live on your own with out a parent in the state of New Mexico?	Family Questions	New Mexico
If my husband just got let go from work, How can we get out of our lease, since we can't afford to live there? If my husband just got let go from work, How can we get out of our lease, since now we can't afford to live here?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
What is my next step after meeting with my son's teacher due to his recent bullying incident? What is my next step after meeting with my son's teacher due to his recent bullying incident?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Do school districts in Idaho have to get bids for contract services such as speech therapy or therapy? Do school districts in Idaho have to get bids for contract services such as speech therapy or therapy?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Idaho
Can I sue Zynga for not having a warning label saying highly addictive? can i sue zynga for not having a warning label saying highly addictive?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Can regular education students participate in resource room groups? Can regular education students participate in resource room groups?	Family Questions	New York
how long after divorce in Illinois can you remarry?
 how long after divorce in Illinois can you remarry?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Why cant I get my husband's original will from my lawyer's office?  Why cant I get my husband's original will from my lawyer's office? He has Alzheimer's and I have his POA.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
can i file legal guardianship papers through the courts for my mother and myself? can i file legal guardianship papers through the courts for my mother and myself?	Family Questions	Florida
Any law against starting a child/teen help center run out of my home? I just want to know if there is any law against starting a child/teen help center run out of my home?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Massachusetts
If I'm illegal can I get deported for child support? If I'm illegal can I get deported for child support?	Family Questions	Minnesota
If I am now on unemployment insurance, can my ex garnish my unemployment for spousal support? i live in Albuquerque, new Mexico. i am now on unemployment insurance. can my ex-wife garnish my unemployment for spousal support?	Family Questions	New Mexico
Is it legal to rent a house to a tenant without a working heat source? Is it legal to rent a house to a tenant without a working heat source? My daughter rented a trailer in Georgia without any heat source. Someone stole the unit. Landlord states its not his problem	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
If a landlord is not paying their mortgage, is a tenant obligated to pay the rent? In Florida, if a landlord is not paying their mortgage, is a tenant obligated to pay the rent?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can an employer demand an employee give out their personal phone number to other employees? Can an employer demand an employee give out their personal phone number to other employees?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If a child is born out of wedlock but mom puts the fathers name on certificate, does he have any rights? If a child is born out of wedlock in Oklahoma but mom puts the fathers name on birth certificate, does he have any rights to the child?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
Does a person have the right to get an attorney at the last min. right before the trail date?
 Does a person have the right to get an attorney at the last min. right before the trail date?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can we be denied if my lifelong friend and I want to rent apartment together but she's pregnant? Can we be denied if my lifelong friend and I want to rent apartment together but she's pregnant?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
How hard will it be to sue the Michigan National Guard Bureau for back pay for an injury I received in Iraq? How hard will it be to sue the Michigan National Guard Bureau for back pay that they owe me for an injury that I received in Iraq?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Does California anti-slapp apply to a civil rights complaint? Does California anti-slapp apply to a civil rights complaint?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What are the procedures to go about signing parental rights? what are the procedures to go about signing parental rights?	Family Questions	New York
what can happen if i have a car title pawn and cut the car up and take it to scrapyard? what can happen if i have a car title pawn and cut the car up and take it to scrapyard?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can an employer force you on FMLA if you do not want it yet? Can an employer force you on FMLA if you do not want it yet?	Employment Questions	Utah
Is there a law in the state of Georgia that allows one have driver's license to earn money? Is there a law in the state of Georgia that allows one have driver's license to earn money?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can you sue a company you worked for for unpaid labor, even though pay is done under the table? Can you sue a company you worked for for unpaid labor, even though pay is done under the table? Proof is shown that i worked for the guy (shown by text messages) and he began to ignore my text and phone calls after i began to ask when will i get paid	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How can i get information off of my criminal background that does not belong to me? How can i get information off of my criminal background that does not belong to me?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the time limit a tenant can have after being evicted: 30 days, 60 days? What is the time limit a tenant can have after being evicted: 30 days, 60 days? Is there a limit?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Am I required to pay minimum wages to part-time temporary or seasonal workers?  Regarding employment in IL, am I required to pay minimum wages and/or unemployment compensation to part-time temporary or seasonal workers?	Employment Questions	Illinois
If I was made to move over 50lb of my things, is there anything I can do to them? If I was made to move over 50lb of my things, is there anything I can do to them?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Am I entitled to receive my deposit even though I terminated my lease early due to job relocation? Am I entitled to receive my security deposit even though I had to terminate my lease early due to job relocation out of state? I was unemployed at the time (though still paying for my rent) landlord was aware of situation.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What do I do to make a testament? What do I to make a testament?	Family Questions	Florida
is there a time limit on how long a person has to serve a summons to other parent for an order? I need to know if there is a time limit on how long a person has to serve a summons to other parent for an order to show cause child custody? Can it become expired if not in time for CA?	Family Questions	California
How long of a notice does the realty company have to give me before people look at the house? I'm renting a house and my landlords are selling it thru a reality company and i need to know how long of a notice does the reality company have to give me before people look at the house?	Real Estate Questions	North Dakota
Can a hospital social worker make you go to a nursing home because of what kind of insurance you have? Can a hospital social worker make you go to a nursing home because of what kind of insurance you have Even if the guardian don't want that person to go so far away? Can the patient do therapy at the hospital from a injury of a aneurysm, stroke, and partial skull out?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
If the tenants comes up w/the monies owed & pays me, can I still move forward with the eviction process? I have a tenant behind in rent 5 months, late payment history as well as bounced check.  I have been diligent as to  filing & posting as the guidelines the law in PA states.  I am at the final days of "Unconditional Notice to Quit" (2 Days) if the tenants some how comes up w/the monies owed & pays me, can I still move forward with the eviction process?  Help!!	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How does a tax sale work and how long afterword must the premise be vacated? How does a tax sale work and how long afterword must the premise be vacated?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Can I be written up at my job in Illinois when I was on a fire call for my local volunteer fire department?  Can I be written up at my job in Illinois when I was on a fire call for my local volunteer fire department?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Does a parent have to be responsible to pay an adult child's co-pay on the parents insurance policy? Does a parent have to be responsible to pay an adult child's co-pay on the parents insurance policy?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
When you go out of work on disability is there a time limit for your job to file your paper work? When you go out of work on disability is there a time limit for your job to file your paper work because i have been waiting for over a month?	Employment Questions	New York
If i get evicted how long will they take to kick me out?
 If i get evicted how long will they take to kick me out?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
How do I add my son to my mortgage? How do I add my son to my mortgage?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Am I allowed to refuse my daughter's father visitation if he don't prove to me he has heat in his home?  Am I allowed to refuse my daughter's father visitation if he don't prove to me he has heat in his home? If he is court ordered to have heat in the home through visitation orders.	Family Questions	Kentucky
Would like to change my title and deed on my property? I would like to change my title and deed on my property.  I have my great granddaughters & they are currently listed as well as myself as a life estate on the title and deed. What do I need to do?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
if i have been physically abused during 31 years of marriage can i get compensation when i get divorced? if i have been physically, mentally, emotionally abused during 31 years of marriage can i get any compensation when i get divorced?	Family Questions	Missouri
If a married couple wants to divide up their real estate property should they do quitclaim deeds? If a married couple wants to divide up their real estate property which is in both their names, should they do quitclaim deeds?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Discrimination when the school board believe you are gang related cause of a rosemary as clothing? is it discrimination when the school board says they believe you are gang related because you are wearing a rosemary on the out side of your shirt?	Family Questions	Florida
Do I have to let my kids go with their dad when he doesn't have a drivers license & wont say residence? Do I have to let my children go with there Dad knowing he does not have a drivers license and wont tell me where he lives??	Family Questions	Florida
What forms do I need to file in order to have the father's rights temporarily terminated? What type of forms or document do i need to file or fill out in order to have the fathers rights temporarily terminated with specific stipulations on getting them back?	Family Questions	Missouri
Is a will made before divorce void when I have since remarried? Is a will made before divorce void when I have since remarried?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
How does my Mom regain control of her funds & assets if her former POA refuses to return them to her? How does my Mom regain control of her funds and assets, if her former POA refuses to return them to her?So far, her oldest son, the soon-to-be EX-Power of Attorney, totally denies my Mom any access to her checking accounts and assets. How does she reclaim what is rightfully hers?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can your employer deny a request for a day off for a doctor's appt? Can your employer deny a request for a day off for a doctor's appt?	Employment Questions	Mississippi
With probation and parole monthly fees are they owed if you were revoked and sat your whole sentence? With probation and parole monthly fees are they owed if you were revoked and sat your whole sentence?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
What can i do if the father does not pay anything on his court order case? What can i do if the father does not pay anything on his court order case?	Family Questions	Florida
Is there anyway I can do to move out without my parents' consent?  Hello,I am 17 and living in Missouri I will be 18 in May. Is there anyway I can do to move out without my parents consent? Preferable without involving courts. Also if I move in with someone could they get into trouble? I am very responsible and have my own vehicle. I am not a snotty kid who just does not want to listen to their parent anymore I am really ready to start my own life. Also I am attending Middle College basically I am starting my college degree in medical and graduating high school at the same time. I spend all day on a college campus in an adult atmosphere and am the oldest of seven siblings. I am ready for a change any advice would be much appreciated.Thank You	Family Questions	Missouri
Legal if my boss is trying to make it where we only get one 10 min break per every 8 hour shift? my boss is trying to make it where we only get one 10 min break per every 8 hour shift.  Is the legal?	Employment Questions	Missouri
What am I entitled to after my dog was attacked and killed by the neighbor's dog? What am I entitled to after my dog was attacked and killed by the neighbor's dog?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How many consecutive days can an employer make you work without a day off? How many consecutive days can an employer make you work without a day off?	Employment Questions	Iowa
What to do if I'm being forced by my employer to pay for fingerprinting? What to do if I'm being forced by my employer to pay for fingerprinting?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can my employer make an employee work 7 straight days?  I live and work in PA and my employer is talking about mandating a 7th day to our work week. Is that legal? can they make an employee work 7 straight days?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal for a board member of a condo association to give out info about rental property to none owners? Is it common practice or legal for a board member of a condo association or community to give out info about rental property, cost, owners, and contact info to none owners?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a landlord put up a for sale/ rent sign while going through an eviction? Can a landlord put up a for sale/ rent sign while going through an eviction?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Are there lawyers out there that will help Veteran with denial claims or help with appeals? Are there lawyers out there that will help Veteran with denial claims or help with appeals?	Personal Injury Questions	Alabama
Can a probate lawyer charge an administration fee after waiving it to accept a referral fee? Can a probate lawyer charge a administration fee after waiving it to accept a referral fee?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Kentucky
What to do if I was served with an eviction notice but I did not receive a 5 day notice? What to do if I was served with an eviction notice form but I did not receive a 5 day notice?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What is the maximum occupancy for one two bedroom apartment? I have a duplex, each apartment has two bedrooms. What is the maximum occupancy for one two bedroom apartment?	Real Estate Questions	New Mexico
in Illinois if the bank buys your home back at judicial sale are responsible child support lien? in Illinois if the bank buys your home back at judicial sale are responsible child support lien?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can my employer require me to take call on random days without compensation unless I have to come in?  I work full time at a hospital . Can my employer require me to take call on random days without compensation unless I have to come in? Can they fire me if I don't answer my phone on my off day ?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
Who would I report to if i wish to report online websites that are committing fraud? Who would I report to if i wish to report online websites that are committing fraud?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a lawyer do business with a petitioner & then do business with the respondent later in the same case? Can a lawyer do business with a petitioner in a case and then do business with the respondent later in the same case?	Family Questions	California
How long do you have in new york city to change your mind on adoption? How long do you have in new york city to change your mind on adoption?	Family Questions	New York
Is it required that a notarized will be registered with your local county court? Is it required that a notarized will be registered with your local county court?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it required that a notarized will be registered with your local county court? Is it required that a notarized will be registered with your local county court?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Does my name have to be spelled as it is on my birth certificate on a voluntary act of surrender for adoption? Does my name have to be spelled as it is on my birth certificate on a voluntary act of surrender for adoption?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Law that would protect my inheritance to be passed on to my children instead of my spouse? I live in N.C. I inherited property from my parents. I have 2 adult children from a former marriage. I have remarried. The property and home is in my name. Is there a law in N.C. that would protect my inheritance to be passed on to my children instead of my spouse?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Carolina
Does my husband have the right to stay in the house after he left with his lover?
 Does my husband have the right to stay in the house after he left with his lover?	Family Questions	New York
Can an employer make you get a flu shot? Can an employer make you get a flu shot?	Employment Questions	New York
How long can the State keep someone in a Mental institution four having a nervous breakdown? How long can the State keep someone in a Mental institution four having a nervous breakdown?	Criminal Questions	Oregon
Can an employer make you stay pass your shift? Can an employer make you stay pass your shift? I live in Oregon.	Employment Questions	Oregon
What is the statute of limitations for Unlawful Possession of a Firearm in Missouri?  What is the statute of limitations for Unlawful Possession of a Firearm in Missouri?  A Class C Felony	Criminal Questions	Missouri
Is it legal in California to monitor an employee all day long by video? is it legal in California to monitor an employee all day long by video?	Employment Questions	California
If I sign over my parental rights do I still have to pay child support in the state of Kentucky? If I sign over my parental rights do I still have to pay child support in the state of Kentucky?	Family Questions	Kentucky
If I'm getting evicted from an apartment, how long do i have to get my thing out of the apartment?
 If I'm getting evicted from an apartment, how long do i have to get my thing out of the apartment?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
can a person be evicted from an apartment for their children under five years of age being to noisy? can a person be evicted from an apartment for their children under five years of age being to noisy?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
Is there a difference between a peace officer and a peace officer? Is there a difference between a peace officer and a peace officer?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
What to do if I want to give back custody? i want to give back custody.	Family Questions	California
Can an employer in NC. let you go at any time they want? Can an employer in NC. let you go at any time they want?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
If i am being harassed and evicted by my spouse what legal options do i have? If i am being harassed and evicted by my spouse what legal options do i have?	Family Questions	California
if you let someone come stay with you can you just tell them to leave? if you let someone come stay with you can you just tell them to leave?	Family Questions	Tennessee
Can i sue a county for falsely accusing me of sexual assaults toward my children?  Can i sue a county for falsely accusing me of sexual assaults toward my children? the case has been closed with cost is what it says online. also my wife had to sign her rights over to the state and our daughter was taken from us, came home her 18th birthday pregnant,more scars from cutting, and she was not in school for the entire year and a half they had her in custody. can i sue the county for doing this?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
Can my ex-landlord block me from getting my PA tax rent rebate as I am receiving ssi disability? Can my ex-landlord block me from getting my PA tax rent rebate as I am receiving ssi disability?	Tax Questions	Pennsylvania
What should I do first if I want to divorce my husband and get sole custody of my daughter? I want to divorce my husband and get sole custody of my daughter. What should do first?	Family Questions	Florida
Is it legal in the state of Georgia to leave my spouse and take my child with me to an undisclosed location? Is it legal in the state of Georgia to leave my spouse and take my child with me to an undisclosed location? How do I get temporary custody until I can afford an attorney to get sole custody of my child? Can I take my child to an undisclosed location if it is in his best interest until legal action can be taken?	Family Questions	Georgia
if the father is a suspected illegal alien can he be asked to produce a green card & a W2? In the state of Florida in civil court in a child custody case if the father is a suspected illegal alien can he be asked to produce a I9green card a social security card and a W2?	Family Questions	Florida
How does a juvenile warrant work? how does a juvenile warrant work?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
What to do if I have been given a  monthly payment plan that is unaffordable to me? I have been given a  monthly payment plan that is unaffordable to me.	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Question regarding first time violation of restraining order? I have a court date for first time violation of restraining order. Do you know what I will be charge of and do I need a lawyer with me?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
How do you go about getting a divorce while in jail? How do you go about getting a divorce while in jail?	Family Questions	Texas
If a girl turns 18 and is not going to school does child support stop?
 If a girl turns 18 and is not going to school does child support stop?	Family Questions	Indiana
If a person is paying for a car that is in another person's name, can the other person take the car? If a person is paying for a car that in another persons name, can the person who's name is one the loan take the car? She has proof that she has been making the payments and not her ex boyfriend.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Mississippi
Can a person get fired for refusing to enter a store with raw sewage?
 Can a person get fired for refusing to enter a store with raw sewage?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What law entitles a home owner to claim $10 per hour for security and maintenance of their own property?  What law entitles a home owner to claim $10 per hour for security and maintenance of their own property? This relates to an owners financial interest in their property.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What is an escrow account and how does it work? What is an escrow account and how does it work?	Personal Injury Questions	North Carolina
Do I have a legal case against the hotel if I woke up with bed bugs on myself & child? I recently visited a hotel and woke up with bed bugs on myself and child. Do I have a legal case against the hotel?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Can a person be charged an additional 2 years while they're still serving that sentence for the same charge? If a person has been sentenced to 4 hours probation for flagrant non-support, can they be charged an additional 2 years while they're still serving that sentence for the same charge?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
What is the best way to give someone a small piece of real estate without calling it a gift? What is the best way to give someone a small piece of real estate without calling it a gift or having to pay inheritance or having it effect my right to medicaid/medicare services in the future? I am in my mid seventies.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a nursing home deny a patient? Can a nursing home deny a patient?	Family Questions	West Virginia
If you owe child support can you travel to DR? If you owe child support can you travel to DR?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
If a parent gives you POA over a child how much right do I have over the parent if they are unstable? If a parent gives you power of attorney over a child how much right do I have over the parent if they are unstable?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can an attorney collect fees on money & put into an annuity & won a med malpractice suit?
 Can an attorney collect fees on money & put into an annuity as we live in Indiana and won a med malpractice suit?	Personal Injury Questions	Indiana
Where do I go to find papers to file for termination of guardianship?
 Where do I go to find papers to file for termination of guardianship?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
Can I sue my abusive husband for the house, alimony and child support in a divorce?
 Can I sue my abusive husband for the house, alimony and child support in a divorce?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a judge not follow the Massachusetts child support guidelines? Can a judge not follow the Massachusetts child support guidelines?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
When I get a law suit settlement in Philadelphia, PA can New Jersey take it if I owe child support? When I get a law suit settlement in Philadelphia, Pa can New Jersey take it if I owe child support?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
whom do I report a violation of my constitutional rights by the Walker County Alabama Sheriff's Dept? To whom do I report a violation of my constitutional rights by the Walker County Alabama Sheriff's Department?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Is obtaining a prescription or controlled substance a fraud or drug felony?
 Is obtaining a prescription or controlled substance a fraud or drug felony?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Do flaws in an AS IS sale have to be pointed out if Auctioneer is aware of them? Do flaws in an AS IS sale have to be pointed out if Auctioneer is aware of them?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What are grounds for insanity for a divorce and does trying to commit suicide count? What are grounds for insanity for a divorce and does trying to commit suicide count?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can a seller ask for the car back after I started to make payments on it on the fact that she hates me? Can a seller of a car ask for the car back after I started to make payments on the car solely on the fact that she hates me.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Kentucky
What are my rights if I want a refund and is denied before 24 hours pass in NY? What are my rights if I want a refund and is denied before 24 hours pass in NY?	Consumer Questions	New York
What are my rights to prevent my child from taking his/her father's last name in California? What are my rights to prevent my child from taking his/her father's last name in California?	Family Questions	California
What happens when a prosecutor leaves a federal case?
 What happens when a prosecutor leaves a federal case?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can a child support case be dropped by the mother after she has filed it? Can a child support case be dropped by the mother after she has filed it?	Personal Injury Questions	Nevada
If you rent a room from a homeowner what must the homeowner provide if there is no lease? If you rent a room from a homeowner what must the homeowner provide if there is no lease & it is month to month?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a mother lose her rights to receive her arrears owned to her?
 Can a mother lose her rights to receive her arrears owned to her?	Family Questions	California
What is the termination of employment on hear say evidence in Illinois? What is the termination of employment on hear say evidence in Illinois?	Employment Questions	Illinois
If I am 17 years old but my mom has sole custody of me, can I still legally choose to live with my dad? If I am 17 years old but my mom has sole custody of me, can I still legally choose to live with my dad?	Family Questions	West Virginia
Does every will have to go through probate? Does every will have to go through probate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Which is the easiest way to become legal guardian? Which is the easiest way to become legal guardian?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a father sign over his legal rights to another man if the mother is not married to the second man?  In the state of Missouri, can a father sign over his legal rights to another man if the mother is not married to the second man? Paternity has been established and the birth certificate was signed by the father; however, he has not been in the life of the child for 3+ years, has no interest in being in the life of the child, and does not pay child support. The second man has been in the child's life for 3+ years and the child calls the second man "Daddy" but the mother and the second man are not yet married.	Family Questions	Missouri
How do I get my ex to pay his maintenance payments? How do I get my ex to pay his maintenance payments?	Family Questions	Kansas
What is a case set upon a final plea calender? What is a case set upon a final plea calender?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can my child support go up if my wages hasn't changed? Can my child support go up if my wages hasn't changed?	Family Questions	Minnesota
How do I get assistance to reinstate a mortgage while in foreclosure process? How do I get assistance to reinstate a mortgage while in foreclosure process when you do not have full reinstatement total a portion?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If there is a judgement against a husband will they take the wife's property as well? If there is a judgement against a husband will they take the wife's property as well???	Real Estate Questions	California
Do all the legal documents need to become a snack food peddler in CA? Do all the legal documents need to become a snack food peddler in CA?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Can a probate hearing be held in a different county then the person who passed away owned property? Can a probate hearing be held in a different county then the one that the person who passed away owned property?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Washington
How to get out of commitment papers? How to get out of commitment papers?	Family Questions	Mississippi
Does a person who is appointed power of attorney have to pay inheritance tax? Does a person who is appointed power of attorney have to pay inheritance tax?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What if the mother leaves the state with my child and we never married? What if the mother leaves the state with my child and we never married?	Family Questions	Georgia
What are the laws in Wisconsin regarding traveling out of state with children without the fathers consent?  What are the laws in Wisconsin regarding traveling out of state with children without the fathers consent? there is an open custody case and they are divorced but have joint legal custody of the children. The ex-wife is planning a trip from WI to TN and will not give the father details on the trip and the father does not want her to take the kids out of school and go on this trip. please help!!!	Family Questions	Wisconsin
What steps do i take to get my warrant for my arrest taken care of and what will be my punishment? i have a warrant out for my arrest. What steps do i take to get this matter taken care of and what will be my punishment?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
What options do i have if my lawyer made a serious error in chapter 11 and cost me over 30K? My lawyer made a serious error in a bankruptcy chapter 11 case and cost me over 30 k? what options do i have??	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Maine
What can happen if I change my 2 daughters' schools without getting their father's okay? What can happen if I change my 2 daughters' schools without getting their father's okay?	Family Questions	California
Can I fire a lawyer the trust hired without my knowing about it? Can I fire a lawyer the trust hired without my knowing about it?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Do I need said parent to accompany me to file the custody papers in court or can I do this alone? Hi, I live in California & here's my question. If I have a notarized letter from the parent of a minor child that gives me temporary custody, do I need said parent to accompany me to file the papers in court or can I do this alone?	Family Questions	California
How do I get a petty theft charge expunged from my record when I have already been sentenced? How do I get a petty theft charge expunged from my record when I have already been sentenced and didn't ask for it at time of sentencing?	Criminal Questions	Idaho
If I already have signed a Post Separation Agreement do I have to sign  papers before estate is separated? If I already have signed a Post Separation Agreement do I have to sign divorce papers before material estate is separated?	Family Questions	North Carolina
What do i do if i paid my deposit and the prorated rent  to move into a house that hasn't been fixed yet?  What do i do if i paid my deposit and the prorated rent for the remainder of the month to move into a house that was not fixed and hasn't been fixed yet?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
How long is a doctor responsible for any complications after a surgery? How long is a doctor responsible for any complications after a surgery?	Consumer Questions	Florida
If I make a handwritten will does it have to be filed in probate?  If I make a handwritten will does it have to be filed in probate? All I have is a mobile home and a 2001 car.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
if someone has POA, and has put that person in a home can he/she sell that persons land and home? if someone has POA, and has put that person in a home can he/she sell that persons land and home, even if there are children and siblings in the picture?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
If a person has a power of attorney do they still have the right to make their own decisions? if a person has a power of attorney do they still have the right to make their own decisions?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can a landlord evict you if you are not behind on your rent? Can a landlord evict you if you are not behind on your rent?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
How do i get my parental rights restored? How do i get my parental rights restored?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If I've been off parole now for 7 years & haven't been in any trouble when can i have my gun rights back? If I've been off parole now for seven years and haven't been in any other trouble when can i have my gun rights back?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
if I asked the bank if an employee looked into my account without asking me can they watch the video? As a customer of a bank if I was to ask the bank if an employee looked into my account without asking me are they able to watch a video of me asking?	Criminal Questions	Vermont
What to do if I want to get separated but he won't sign the papers and we have been separated for 4 years? What to do if I want to get separated but he won't sign the papers and we have been separated for 4 years?	Family Questions	Virginia
How does child visitation work in West Virginia? How does child visitation work in West Virginia?	Family Questions	West Virginia
What to do now if foreclosure is done and we were evicted last week? Foreclosure is done and we were evicted last week. What now?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If I'm interested in purchasing a home & it will be owner finance, what documents do I need? I am interested in purchasing a home- it will be owner finance. What documents do I need to have prepared or what questions should I ask to protect my interest as a buyer?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
What steps should i take after receiving a child support summons on a child I knew nothing about? What steps should i take after receiving a child support summons on a child I knew nothing about?	Family Questions	Georgia
Are there agencies that are geared to hiring offenders, and if so, where can one get a list of names? Good Morning:  Someone has an old outstanding probation warrant, initially in VA., but the case was transferred to NY.  If they apply for work and the background check produces this warrant, what can they expect? Are there agencies that are geared to hiring offenders, and if so, where can one get a list of names?  Thank you.	Criminal Questions	New York
What should I do if I'm not able to pay full amount for child support and I'm in arrears and I have court? i am not able to pay full amount for child support and i am in arrears and I have to go to court in 3 weeks. What should i do?	Family Questions	South Carolina
How can i determine how much i must pay for child support? How can i determine how much i must pay for child support?	Family Questions	Florida
What do we need to do in order to sale the motor if the customer left it at our shop over 4 years ago? A customer left a motor at our shop for over 4 years. What do we need to do in order to sale this motor?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Can I get child support after 27 years if the father has never seen his child? Can I get child support after 27 years if the father has never seen his child?	Family Questions	Indiana
Do you have to be separated before you get a divorce in North Carolina?  Do you have to be separated before you get a divorce in North Carolina? and how long do you have to be separated before filing for divorce?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If my esthetician/skin care center made my face ten times worse then it was what can I do about it?  If my esthetician/skin care center made my face ten times worse then it was what can I do about it?	Personal Injury Questions	California
is Attempt to obtain a controlled substance by fraud considered a drug felony? is Attempt to obtain a controlled substance by fraud considered a drug felony?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Can an employee receive a cost of living increase while in hospital? Can an employee receive a cost of living increase while in hospital?	Employment Questions	Alabama
If you work 40 hours per week and your job cut your hour to 12 hours  week can i get unemployment? If you work 40 hours per week and your job cut your hour to 12 hours  week can i get unemployment?	Employment Questions	New York
Is money received from a lawsuit from an employer considered community property in WI? Is money received from a lawsuit from an employer considered community property in WI?  Thanks	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Can I be forced out of my home during a divorce if my husband rented the home before we married? Can I be forced out of my home during a divorce if my husband rented the home before we married?	Real Estate Questions	Mississippi
Can a wife ask for a lawyer to represent her in a divorce proceeding when the husband has a lawyer? Can a wife ask for a lawyer to represent her in a divorce proceeding when the husband has a lawyer, to be paid by the husband?	Family Questions	California
Is my ex required to buy me out and pay half of the market value to me for him to have the house? I am currently going through a divorce. At this time my ex wants to take over the house in his name. We have no equity in the home right now due to the market. Is he required to buy me out and pay half of the market value to me for him to have the house?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
Best way to get our money back if our daughter's landlord is not returning her security deposit? York County, SC real estate question.  Our daughter's landlord is not returning her security deposit claiming repairs and cleaning.  The repairs they are claiming are for conditions pre-existing when our daughter moved in.  We have been disputing this with them for more than 1 month and today received a check in the mail for about 25% of the security deposit.  They have ignored our disputes about this and are unfairly keeping the security deposit.  What is the best way to get our money back?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
If I get married, am I responsible for his medical bills if he gets sued on taxes? I'm going to get married and I want to know what I would be responsible for as far as medical bills if he gets sued he owes taxes could they take my taxes at the end of the year	Family Questions	Michigan
Question regarding having a court ordered agreement in the state of California? I have a court ordered agreement in the state of California. My sons father is moving to another state. My son primarily lives with me and his stepfather. I want to know if his moving away effects our current order.	Family Questions	California
Question regarding wanting to evict someone from my home who isn't on the lease? I want to evict someone from my home who isn't on the lease, has no written rental agreement, and who has been living here without paying towards any rent, utilities, or any of his cost living. I want him out & i was told that if police were called to my home that they would say he gets a 30 day notice. If he is not a paying tenant, then why would he be allowed to a 30 day eviction? how do i go about this? please help me.	Family Questions	California
What can we do if we want to stop child support for our 18-year-old stepson is not enrolled in school? My stepson turn 18 in July, graduated last May.  He's not enrolled in school and works 3 hours a day 4 days a week to have gas money and food money.  All he wants to do. When can we stop paying child support?	Family Questions	Missouri
Question regarding living in a park with approximately 100 other families/tenants? I live in a park with approximately 100 other families/tenants. The LLC owner hired a manager from within the park to oversee operation of it. On numerous occasions over the year or so of his position he has verbally accosted us on issues of snow shoveling, non registered vehicles, and many other issues without consulting everyone else in the park either verbally or in written form. He has also accosted my children and others in the park creating an environment where my children are in fear of him. I feel my family members are being harassed by this man. The LLC owner has NO idea of the threats and abuse caused by the individual he himself hired. Any advice how to handle this dictator of the park.	Real Estate Questions	Maine
What to do if I don't have a lease with my landlord and she wants me out next week? What to do if I don't have a lease with my landlord and she wants me out next week?	Family Questions	Indiana
Should you retain two lawyers: one for workman's comp and one for labor law violations? Should you retain two lawyers: one for workman's comp and one for labor law violations?	Employment Questions	California
if I bought a house prior to marriage can my wife take it during our divorce as it's only in my name? if I bought a house prior to being married can my wife take it from me during our divorce and only my name is on the house?	Family Questions	Georgia
What's the Illinois law on parolee's working in hospitality? i was just wondering what the Illinois law is on parolee's working in hospitality?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How do I go about getting joint custody? If My ex boyfriends mom has had custody of my 3 kids for about the past month, how do I go about getting joint custody?	Family Questions	Illinois
Kidnapping if I want to lighten my wife's load? If l am married & want to go on a vacation to see my mother in NC & wanted to take my oldest daughter (whose 1yr & 4 months) w/ me is it kidnapping if l want to lighten my wife's load?	Family Questions	New York
Can a sale be forced on a piece of land in ct if 2 people own it?
. Can a sale be forced on a piece of land in ct if 2 people own it?.	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
What can you do if you are falsely accused about taking money and returning it? What can you do if you are falsely accused about taking money and returning it?  Also retaliation from a supervisor concerning job performance and other nit picking things?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Can I file suit against my employer for not taking any action against a coworker for verbally abusing me? Can I file suit against my place of employment for not taking any action whatsoever against a coworker for verbally abusing me and tampering with my vehicle on numerous occasions? I feel threatened everytime he's working and I'm constantly fearful that he will further attempt to damage my car.	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Can a landlord refuse to replace a furnace that does not have a filter legally? Can a landlord refuse to replace a furnace that does not have a filter legally?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
If a person files for custody of a child and files with the wrong name of the child will they have to refile? If a person files for custody of a child and files with the wrong name of the child will they have to refile?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a non custodial parent take a child out of the city without permission from the custodial parent? Can a non custodial parent take a child out of the city without permission from the custodial parent?	Family Questions	Indiana
Can I be arrested for smoking synthetic marijuana if I'm on probation and in foster care? Can I be arrested for smoking synthetic marijuana if I'm on probation and in foster care?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
If back child support is owed from the deceased am i obligated to pay it? I've been named beneficiary to a life insurance policy. If back child support is owed from the deceased am i obligated to pay it? And does the insurance policy have to go through probate court?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
What are the reasons a house would be banked owned and in foreclosure? What are the reasons a house would be banked owned and in foreclosure?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
how do I re-establish custody of my child? how do I re-establish custody of my child?	Family Questions	Kentucky
If my ex won't sign our papers, how can I finalize our divorce? If my ex won't sign our papers, how can I finalize our divorce?	Family Questions	Utah
What to do if I want to file for divorce and get joint custody of my kids but i live in another state? What to do if I want to file for divorce an get joint custody of my kids but i live in another state?	Family Questions	Georgia
Will my husband have to give me the $2500 money he gifted to his mother if there was no record? On my husband"s CFS he gifted his mother $2500 without my knowledge and there is no record of him giving her this money. Will he have to give me $2500?	Family Questions	Illinois
Legal to sell a mobile home without a title? In the state of Missouri is it legal to sell a mobile home w/o a title, and are you required to pay lot rent if the home is uninhabitable and is undergoing repairs?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Do I have to pay child support for an 18-year-old that is still in high school? Do I have to pay child support for an 18-year-old that is still in high school?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Where can I get a short term collateral loan on a 1994 Chrysler Le Baron Convertible? Where can I get a short term collateral loan on a 1994 Chrysler Le Baron Convertible?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
In Kentucky how many months serves out a 6-year sentence with good time and work credit?  In Kentucky how many months serves out a 6-year sentence with good time and work credit?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
If the person that is in the residence marries, how do I protect the property from going to the spouse? I am looking into a life estate deed.  My question is, if the person that is living in the residence decides to marry, how do I protect the property from going to the spouse should death occur to the person named in the life estate?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If I'm 17 and I'm engaged to my boyfriend can i move out of my house? If I'm 17 and I'm engaged to my boyfriend can i move out of my house?	Family Questions	New York
What will happen to my friend if he was charged with disorderly conduct & has to pay a fine he can't afford? My friend was charged with disorderly conduct and have to pay a fine by tomorrow but he can't afford it. What will happen to him?	Criminal Questions	New York
Will the judge demand that you give the gifts back if an ex is taking you to small claims? If an ex-boyfriend is taking you to small claims, for property you bought together, most of which were gifts. Will the judge demand that you give them back?	Family Questions	California
Need a lawyer to help with my court appeal? Need a lawyer to help with my court appeal?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can a third party company sue me for the entire balance of a purchase from an old credit card balance? i had an old credit card balance that was purchased by a third party co and they are now trying to sue for the entire balance. I wanted to know if they can do this?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Carolina
Can my daughter's father get protective order against my new boyfriend if he is a convicted felon? Can my daughter's father get protective order against my new boyfriend on behalf on his daughter if my new boyfriend is a convicted felon?	Family Questions	Indiana
What is the procedure for eviction without a current lease agreement? What is the procedure for eviction without a current lease agreement?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If my son fails to pay is my husband responsible for payment of rent even though the last lease expired? my husband cosigned on my sons lease for his apartment.  My son failed to pay his rent, so my husband ended up paying for it. Now my sons lease is up and he has not signed a new one yet. He is still living their but has not signed the lease.  If he fails to pay is my husband responsible for  the payment of his rent again even though the last lease has expired, or is my son  the only one responsible now?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
Is there a different process for getting a personal overseas contract? Is there a different process for getting a personal overseas contract? A new roommate is moving into our apartment and we really like her so one of my roommates and I vouched to cosign for her, that being the only way she could move in. But we want to be safe and write our own contract with her mom who is overseas just in case. What is the process.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What to do if I bought a new 2012 Honda Civic yesterday and I am now regretting it? What to do if I bought a new 2012 Honda Civic yesterday and I am now regretting it?	Consumer Questions	Nevada
If my year lease is up does it automatically revert to a month to month lease in MN? If my year lease is up does it automatically revert to a month to month lease in MN?	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
Do I have to list, as an asset, an estate account on child support papers for court? Do I have to list, as an asset, an estate account on child support papers for court?	Family Questions	New York
If two people each have 50% ownership, can one rent the property without permission of the other owner? If two people each have 50% ownership of a property, tenancy in common, can one of the owners rent the property without permission of the other owner? If you have proof that they signed a lease without your knowledge what should you do?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
if you have custody of your kids can they be taken away just because you're gay? if you have custody of your kids can they be taken away just because you're gay?	Family Questions	California
can I probono a misdemeanor for disturbing the peace in judicial court using subject-matter jurisdiction? can I probono a misdemeanor for disturbing the peace in judicial court, using subject-matter jurisdiction? Pete P	Criminal Questions	Idaho
Is my owner responsible for getting the building up to code? Is my owner responsible for getting the building up to code?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Is there a way to protect home from creditors in FL? Is there a way to protect home from creditors in FL?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What am I looking at in jail time if I'm on probation for a year and didn't pay fine or report? What am I looking at in jail time if I'm on probation for a year and didn't pay fine or report?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
If someone owns 60% interest do they have the controlling rights to sell the land? In the state of Texas if someone owns 60% interest do they have the controlling rights to sell the land or do what they want to with it? Where does someone stand if they own the other 40% interest?50% of this property is in a trust.Thanks	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Can a 23-year-old marine  be dating/marrying a 17-year-old? Can a 23-year-old marine  be dating/marry a 17-year-old?	Family Questions	Montana
If I'm 18 and she is 16 and consents to sexual activity is it legal in the state of California? If I'm 18 and she is 16 and consents to sexual activity is it legal in the state of California?	Criminal Questions	California
What is the statute of limitation for hostile work place? What is the statute of limitation for hostile work place?	Employment Questions	Mississippi
How to get a power of attorney over someone if they didn't give permission? How to get a power of attorney over someone if they didn't give permission?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
When an electric company damages my property do i have any recourse to get them to fix the damage? When an electric company damages my property do i have any recourse to get them to fix the damage?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Can you be fired for taking time off of work on FMLA?  Can you be fired for taking time off of work on FMLA? My husband was recently fired from his job. He had an incident earlier in the year that he was put on "probation" for at work, but then ended up needing to take time off for FMLA, and then had an unfortunate accident where he broke his foot and was unable to perform some of the physical demands of his job. When he was given his termination his supervisor told him his time off from work as well as his broken foot effected his ability to perform his job to their expectations. Is that legal?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have to let my 6-month-old go to and stay every other weekend with his dad?
 Do I have to let my 6-month-old go to and stay every other weekend with his dad?	Family Questions	Alabama
If a mother gave up a child can she take child after adoptive mother has passed away?
 If a mother gave up a child can she take child after adoptive mother has passed away?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Tennessee
Legal if two people, 16 and 19, get pregnant in MN? Legal if two people, 16 and 19, get pregnant in MN?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Is there going to be inmates released in KY because of overcrowding? Is there going to be inmates released in KY because of overcrowding?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
If I'm a 15 year old and I am an atheist, is it legal for my parents to force me to go to church? If I'm a 15 year old and I am an atheist, is it legal for my parents to force me to go to church?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How can I achieve A legal separation without incurring A fee? I am leaving my husband but can 't Afford a divorce.  How can I achieve A legal separation without incurring A fee?	Family Questions	Florida
Is it legal for my manager to cut my hours in order to get me to quit? Is it legal for my manager to cut my hours in order to get me to quit?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Can a renter change the locks on doors? Can a renter change the locks on doors?	Family Questions	New York
Can you Sue a company for unpaid wages?  Can you Sue a company for unpaid wages? They tell you when  you start and when you get a raise every ninety day. I've been there a year and haven't gotten the first raise. He keeps saying you are going to get it.	Employment Questions	Alabama
Who can enter home if my Co-trustees are fighting over home left in trust by now deceased mother? Co-trustees fighting over home left in trust by now deceased mother. Who can enter home?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Question regarding a widow claiming years of support? If a GA widow receives twice the amount of her SSI from the deceased SSI plus his life insurance, can she still claim "in lieu of a years support"?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
Question regarding my ex leaving the state with my child without my consent? My ex-wife left the state with my child without my consent. Is that legal for her to do? Also she refuses to let me talk to her on the phone and will not provide me where she is living.  I have not spoken to my girl in over one month.	Family Questions	Florida
Question regarding my landlord giving another tenant my person renter's info on my income? My landlord gave another tenant my personal renters information on troubles I've had with income. What are my renting terms and other discussions about my apartment. is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
Can a tow truck driver detain a driver from leaving if the vehicle is not hooked up to the truck? Can a tow truck driver detain a driver from leaving if the vehicle is not hooked up to the truck?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can my landlord move me into another apt. at my expense to make repairs? Can my landlord move me into another apt. at my expense to make repairs?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Are Georgia employment agreements good?
 Are Georgia employment agreements good?	Employment Questions	Georgia
How do I file temporary custody of a child?
 How do I file temporary custody of a child?	Family Questions	Missouri
How can I repo if I sold my motor home and they won't pay for it and I have the title? Private transaction, Sold my motor home and they won't pay for it. I have the title. How can I repo it?	Family Questions	Washington
Can a law firm have your license suspended if you didn't make an payment on an accident? Can an law firm have your license suspended if you didn't make an payment on an accident you been sued for but either of the parties got an ticket?	Consumer Questions	Florida
If i write a letter and have witnesses sign it and send it to myself and don't open it is it trademarked? If i write a letter and have witnesses sign it and send it to myself and don't open it is it trademarked?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	District of Columbia
Legal to Rescind acknowledgement of paternity in Virginia? Rescind acknowledgement of paternity in Virginia?	Family Questions	Virginia
If I get sentenced for a probation violation do I go to jail immediately or do I get a sentencing date? If I get sentenced for a probation violation do I go to jail immediately or do I get a sentencing date?	Criminal Questions	Washington
Can you divorce an estranged spouse with minor children involved? Can you divorce an estranged spouse with minor children involved?	Family Questions	Florida
What is the law in ny state regarding using an air pistol? what is the law in ny state regarding using an air pistol?	Criminal Questions	New York
What is Statute 103-337? What is Statute 103-337?	Criminal Questions	New Jersey
In Illinois if a father is not on child's birth certificate does he have rights?  In Illinois if a father is not on child's birth certificate does he have rights?	Family Questions	Illinois
Should I worry about my future monthly rental payments if renter is filing bankruptcy? I am a landlord and my renter is filing Chapter 7 bankruptcy. Should I be worried about my future monthly rental payments?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How long does an absent parent have to be absent in their child live before parental rights can be severed? how long does an absent parent have to be absent in their child live before parental rights can be severed with their consent?	Family Questions	Florida
Under FL law is a non-married 17-year-old with a 2-year-old considered emancipated? Under FL law is a non-married 17-year-old with a 2-year-old considered emancipated?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I handle a neighbor that has a dead tree that is about to fall into my yard?  How do I handle a neighbor that has a dead tree that is about to fall into my yard?  The tree is large and will destroy the fence and damage my garage.	Real Estate Questions	Kansas
How many months do I have in a contested divorce after it has started before a pretrial and trail? How many months do I have in a contested divorce after it has started before a pretrial and trail? Can it be avoided?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can a private citizen post a public notice about another citizen? Can a private citizen post a public notice about another citizen?	Criminal Questions	Texas
By law how much time do i have to move out after my lease is up? By law how much time do i have to move out after my lease is up?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can a rental company disclose any info to parties not in the contract without the renter's permission?  Can a rental company disclose any information to party's not in the contract without the renter's permission?	Consumer Questions	West Virginia
What to do if my privacy at my doctor's office by his nurse was discussed with people in the public? What to do if my privacy at my doctor's office by his nurse was discussed with people in the public?	Family Questions	Missouri
What are the parameters of a guardian and responsibilities in the state of Colorado? What are the parameters of a guardian and responsibilities in the state of Colorado and at what point can they be considered overstepping their responsibilities?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can I, a non-profit organization, sue another non-profit organization for non payment? Can I, a non-profit organization, sue another non-profit organization for non payment?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Texas
If I live in TX but I'm married in FL can I get divorced without going to court if i have no children? If I live in TX but I'm married in FL can I get divorced without going to court if i have no children?	Family Questions	Texas
Legal for medical doctors to "byndle" charges & make the patient pay for what is not covered by insurance? Legal for medical doctors to "byndle" charges and make the patient pay for what is not covered by medical insurance?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
How long after an arrest does a probation officer have to file a probation violation? How long after an arrest does a probation officer have to file a probation violation?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
If I'm applying for medicaid in RI, do we include copies of revocable trusts or wait to be asked? If I'm applying for medicaid in RI, do we include copies of revocable trusts or wait to be asked?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Rhode Island
What can I do if I'm not working and I can't pay my child support? What can I do if I'm not working and I can't pay my child support?	Family Questions	Florida
What are my rights if my husband wants a divorce and will leave me with nothing? What are my rights if my husband wants a divorce and will leave me with nothing?	Family Questions	Arkansas
If a person has several wills once they pass away which one stands? If a person has several wills once they pass away which one stands?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal if my rights to my children were suspended by divorce & judge still ordered child support? My rights to my children were suspended by divorce & judge still ordered child support. Is this legal?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How do i switch legal guardians? How do i switch legal guardians? (Massachusetts) And how long does it take?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
How can I execute a judgement against an individual in Pennsylvania & this person is in New jersey? How can I execute a judgement against an individual in Pennsylvania & this person is in New jersey?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have to pay rent if the landlord does not come and fix the problem with my electric breaker? Do I have to pay rent if the landlord does not come and fix the problem with my electric breaker?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
If a father owes arrears & the mother decides to take him off of child support can FL enforce any actions? If a father owes arrears and the mother decides to take him off of child support can the state of Florida still enforce any actions?	Family Questions	Florida
Is my lease still valid after 7 months of living there and haven't received a copy? Is my lease still valid after 7 months of living there and haven't received a copy?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can a school take a phone and keep it after school hours like weekends? Can a school take a phone and keep it after school hours like weekends?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
Can a doctor refuse to release a Patient's medical records when officially authorized to do so?  Can a doctor refuse to release a Patient's medical records when officially authorized to do so?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
i need to know if I should see a misdemeanor before i file? i need to know if I should see a misdemeanor before i file?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Do I need to file for legal separation in order to keep my claim on my wife's assets? Do I need to file for legal separation in order to keep my claim on my wife's assets? i.e., 401k and savings.	Family Questions	California
After an arraignment is the suspect allowed to have a copy of the discovery before trial? After an arraignment is the suspect allowed to have a copy of the discovery before trial?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
How can I get grandparents to stop filing for custody when they have been denied in court already? How can I get grandparents to stop filing for custody when they have been denied in court already?	Family Questions	Virginia
Does the school have to have a parent present if dfcs is questioning my child about another child? Does the school have to have a parent present if dfcs is questioning my child about another child and their household.	Family Questions	Georgia
Do I have the right as a parent to sit in my child's class and observe for a day? Do I have the right as a parent to sit in my child's class and observe for a day?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Pennsylvania
Michigan responding to a request for summary judgement? Michigan responding to a request for summary judgement?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
How much will it cost me to get Guardianship of Granddaughter?  How much will it cost me to get Guardianship of Granddaughter? I need Total of all. Lawyer cost and Court Cost	Family Questions	Alabama
Does the non custodial parent still have to pay child support if we lived together off and on? Does the non custodial parent still have to pay child support if we lived together off and on and amount due is over 30,000?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Am I in trouble if I had friends come over to drink casually and one of them got alcohol poisoning? i am 20 years old. Some friends had come over to drink casually at my apartment & one of them got alcohol poisoning. Am i in trouble?	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
How long am I obligated to pay when my son is disabled? How long am I obligated to pay when my son is disabled?	Family Questions	California
Legal advice on how to deal with bully boss? I need legal advice on how to deal with bully boss?	Employment Questions	California
If I'm a U.S. citizen and would like to get a green card for my spouse, can child support affect me? If I'm a U.S. citizen and would like to get a green card for my spouse, can child support affect me?	Family Questions	California
If a corporation files for bankruptcy will I still receive my pension? If a corporation files for bankruptcy will I still receive my pension?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
What recourse do I have if my sister-in-law is accusing me of child abuse? my sister in law is accusing me of child abuse? what recourse do I have or steps should i take ?	Family Questions	Florida
What does it cost for child custody in North Dakota?
 What does it cost for child custody in North Dakota?	Family Questions	North Dakota
is it legal to camp on the beaches of Maui if there is no posting? is it legal to camp on the beaches of Maui if there is no posting?	Criminal Questions	Hawaii
Can I get criminal charges against me for petty theft if a cop was called but i wasn't arrested? Can I get criminal charges against me for petty theft if a cop was called but i wasn't arrested?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Legal if a customer closes bank account & after it is closed the bank allows a charge to hit the account? If a customer closes his or her bank account, and after it is closed the bank allows a charge to hit the account, is it legal? The bank then waited two years to tell the previous customer, in which time the intrest and fees racked up to over $800 and the debt was turned over to collections.	Consumer Questions	Washington
What could or should be done if an attorney lies to a judge?   What could or should be done if an attorney lies to a judge?  My ex-husbands attorney told the judge that an issue had been ruled on by another judge when in fact it had not.  I am (especially now) not able to afford to hire a lawyer of my own to continue with anything at this time.  Should the judge somehow be made aware of this?  This affects the well being of my children, two of which were adopted and have special needs.	Family Questions	Illinois
Question regarding fraud or breach of contract? Fraud or breach of contract? I purchased a business and in the written purchasing agreement the landlord stated he would deliver the new lease if I did not default on my payments. I did not default and when it came time for the new lease he could not deliver one.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Nevada
What is Kentucky law krs 441.265? What is Kentucky law krs 441.265?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
What's the price range if my daughter's biological father wants to volunteer sign his rights to me? My daughter's biological father wants to volunteer sign his rights to me and I need to know a price range and what I got to do?	Family Questions	Mississippi
Before divorce what rights do I have as a dad living in IL? Before divorce what rights do I have as a dad living in IL?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can my employer make me make up a weekend I had to call in due to the flu? Can my employer make me make up a weekend I had to call in due to the flu even tho they already wrote me up for calling in? This to me seems like double jeopardy.	Employment Questions	West Virginia
Can I visit somebody in jail even if i have a protection order against him? Can I visit somebody in jail even if i have a protection order against him?	Criminal Questions	New York
How do  i get a pardon in the state of South Dakota? How do  i get a pardon in the state of South Dakota?	Criminal Questions	South Dakota
Can an IRREVOCABLE Life Insurance Trust be Amended? Can an IRREVOCABLE Life Insurance Trust be Amended?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Missouri
If I have a court order for medical insurance with my son's father, do employer's enforce the court order?  Hello. If I have a court order for medical insurance with my son's father, do employer's enforce the court order? If both father and I want to remove our son from his insurance do we have to go through court to remove minor or could we write a letter of agreement and have it notarized would the letter be valid for employer and the court?	Family Questions	California
How long can Chicago police detain you for questioning without charging you?
 How long can Chicago police detain you for questioning without charging you, and are you allowed a phone call?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
What could happen in a contempt hearing for modification of a parenting plan?  What could happen in a contempt hearing for modification of a parenting plan? She has not been in the life of a child for almost a year. we are trying to get sole custody.	Family Questions	Florida
Is it a legal binding contract when a minor signs a document? Is it a legal binding contract when a minor signs a document?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can an employer require you to work 2/3 of the time you are on medical leave?  Can an employer require you to work 2/3 of the time you are on medical leave? Disability would pay 55% of their salary and employer would pay 45%. For example: employee would work 2 weeks then be off for one week for chemo treatment for cancer for 6 rounds of treatment.	Employment Questions	California
how many hours can a 14-year-old work on a school day? how many hours can a 14-year-old work on a school day?	Employment Questions	Iowa
If the biggest shares of an corporation dies and leaves a will does this stand in court?
 If the biggest shares of an corporation dies and leaves a will does this stand in court?	Wills and Trusts Questions	South Dakota
Is there a statue of limitations on Utah state income tax lines? IS THERE A STATUE OF LIMITATIONS ON UTAH STATE INCOME TAX LINES ?IS THERE A STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS ON UTAH STATE INCOME TAXES ?	Tax Questions	Utah
Can child support office take money twice more in a month? Can child support office take money twice more in a month?	Family Questions	Florida
what is the state law about landlords giving eviction notice? What is the state law about landlords giving eviction notice?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
Can a child be taken from their parent by the other if they are dating or living with a convicted felon? Can a child be taken from their parent by the other if they are dating or living with a convicted felon?	Family Questions	Florida
What is the law that states that employers must pay all hours worked? My employer fired me and is refusing to give me my check. I know that this is illegal. What is the law that states that employers must pay all hours worked?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Can a male employer ask a female employee who feels threatened to come into his office & shut the door? Can a male employer ask a female employee who feels threatened by him to come into his office and shut the door?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How many hours can an employer make us work if we are getting paid by day? How many hours can an employer make us work if we are getting paid by day?	Employment Questions	Arkansas
What is the "closed" date of a probate document? What is the "closed" date of a probate document?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Louisiana
Illegal if I am an assistant manager at Sonic and I work more hours than my GM? Illegal if I am an assistant manager at Sonic and I work more hours than my GM?	Employment Questions	Oklahoma
Can a government owned day care make the workers like a teacher to eat the food they serve to the kids? Can a government owned day care center make the workers like a teacher to eat the food they serve to the kids?	Employment Questions	Oklahoma
Is it the mechanic's obligation to notify customers about storage fees? Is it the mechanic's obligation to notify customers about storage fees?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
Can my job hold my pay due to unpaid child care balance when i received asst from NY? I work at the same daycare my children attend. Can my job hold my pay due to unpaid child care balance when i received asst from NY?	Employment Questions	New York
how do i revoke a power of attorney? how do i revoke a power of attorney?	Family Questions	Colorado
Right if my daughter is 18 and sending me to collections when she  goes public? my daughter is 18. She went to a public hospital and now they are sending me to collections. Is this right?	Family Questions	California
what should I do if I was served glass chips in my drink at a casino? what should I do if I was served glass chips in my drink at a casino?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
if you work 40 hours a week, are you still considered part time? if you work 40 hours a week, are you still considered part time?	Employment Questions	New York
Is there any information about a custody release date for an inmate in Fulton county jail? I would like to know if there's any information about a custody release date for an inmate in Fulton county jail?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can I legally move out of my house if I'm 16 with a child? I live in Tennessee, and I'm having a child at the age of 16. I would like to know if i could legally move out of my parents house?	Family Questions	Tennessee
What to do if my place of work will not change my name to my legal married name? What to do if my place of work will not change my name to my legal married name?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Is there a statue of limitations on a small claims court claim in the state of CT? Is there a statue of limitations on a small claims court claim in the state of CT?	Consumer Questions	Connecticut
Can an employer make you take maternity leave? Can an employer make you take maternity leave?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How do I get proof that my roommate stole my mail from an inmate that was addressed to me? How am I able to get proof that my roommate has stolen my mail from an inmate at a jail that was addressed to me?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Is there any repercussions for the dishonesty or lying on a judge? I was a complaint-if in and Civil Rights case. The Attorney I retained during the incident and before the law suit was file became a Judge. During the hearing the Defense had a witness testify to something my previous Attorney/Now Judge never did or said. Is there any repercussions for the dishonesty or lying on a judge?	Criminal Questions	California
Can my mother-in-law sue my husband for what's owned on a car that is in her name? Can my mother-in-law sue my husband for what's owned on a car that is in her name?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
Do any lawyers take cases without a retainer if they will be guaranteed their money from a pension plan? i need to get a divorce.  One child involved, a pension plan of my husbands is involved. Do any lawyers take cases without a retainer if they will be guaranteed their money from a pension plan that I am entitled to at least 50%?	Family Questions	Illinois
Does a power of attorney ever expire in the state of Florida?  Does a power of attorney ever expire in the state of Florida?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is there a minimum value of an estate before state probate action is required? In the state of Utah, is there a minimum value of an estate before state probate action is required?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Utah
if you're 18 years old and still attending high school do you legally have to live with your parents? if you're 18 years old and still attending high school do you legally have to live with your parents?	Family Questions	Florida
If I am separated from my husband do I have to be legally separated to file taxes separately? If I am separated from my husband do I have to be legally separated to file taxes separately?	Family Questions	Virginia
How many days do we have to return a new vehicle that we purchased? How many days do we have to return a new vehicle that we purchased? Does signing the contract make a difference?	Family Questions	Utah
Is it illegal for your boss to not let you quit or put in your two weeks notice? Is it illegal for your boss to not let you quit or put in your two weeks notice and if so why?	Employment Questions	Colorado
If I am always paid a week or weeks late, what can i do? If I am always paid a week or weeks late, what can i do?	Employment Questions	Hawaii
Is it legal for co-workers to have any of your information? Is it legal for co-workers to have any of your information?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How are workplace harassment laws reconciled with the first amendment right of free speech?  How are workplace harassment/coercion laws reconciled with the first amendment right of free speech?  For example, if I encourage my employees to vote for Mitt Romney (because I believe a Romney administration would be better for the economy and my business), some say I would be coercing them in violation of state law.  How can that be?	Employment Questions	California
What to do if I'm selling a home in an estate sale and mother paid $5000.00 selling for $62000.00? What to do if I'm selling a home in an estate sale and mother paid $5000.00 selling for $62000.00?	Family Questions	Utah
Can a defendant in civil lawsuit be serviced by publication for a subornation from insurance? In Florida can a defendant in civil lawsuit be serviced by publication or another substituted service for a subornation lawsuit from a insurance company?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can a person appeal if he has plead guilty to murder and has been sentenced to life (not without parole)? In Arkansas, can a person appeal if he has plead guilty to murder and has been sentenced to life (not without parole)?	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
If i am a beneficiary of a life ins policy, is that considered part of the estate? If i am a beneficiary of a life ins policy, is that considered part of the estate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How long is a trust good for? How long is a trust good for?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What to do if I'm banned from a store for shoplifting and caught me on camera and now investigating? Got banned from a Store for shoplifting but they caught me on camera a few  a days later & now a detective came to my house asking for me.	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Can I sue the person who I bought a car for $3,100 and the next day the car wasn't driveable? Can I sue the person who I bought a car for $3,100 and the next day the car wasn't driveable?	Consumer Questions	Connecticut
Can they garnish my husband's check for my medical bills after I've already sent a few payments? Can they garnish my husband's check for my medical bills after I've already sent a few payments before they sent garnishment papers to both of us? They can't garnish mine because i didn't meet the requirements.	Consumer Questions	South Dakota
Why doesn't Mississippi child support review my case when I've shown them proof? Why won't Mississippi child support review my case when I've shown them proof? I lost my job and can't make the required monthly amount. Also my daughter doesn't live with her mother and my son lives with me!	Family Questions	Mississippi
Can a parent get monies from an infant compromise order prior to the infant's 18th birthday? Can a parent get monies from an infant compromise order prior to the infant's 18th birthday?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
If my contract on my car has expired and I still owe money on the car, what rights does the company have? If my contract on my car has expired and I still owe money on the car, what rights does the car company have?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Does the aunt of my child have the rights of everything? Does the aunt of my child have the rights of everything?	Family Questions	New York
Are HOA's required to provide their bill notification 30 days in advance?   Are HOA's required to provide their bill notification 30 days in advance?  I get mine the day before and we pay every 4 months.  No payment tickets were provided either, so I think if the bill is due Oct 1 we should not get a bill Sept 28 for it and then if you of course there is the late fee if not paid within 14 days.  I don't mind paying the bill, but this late notification to me sounds like they are breaking a consumer protection law and I'm not trying to pay them a late fee.   Thanks	Consumer Questions	Maryland
Is it illegal if a landlord and tenant agree not to have a lease agreement? Is it illegal if a landlord and tenant agree not to have a lease agreement?	Family Questions	New York
When you have a baby do you automatically have custody? When you have a baby do you automatically have custody?	Family Questions	Florida
If my friend accidentally left her watch at my home and now it's lost, Am I legally responsible to pay for it? If my friend accidentally left her watch at my home and now it's lost, Am I legally responsible to pay for it?	Personal Injury Questions	Delaware
How does KY law define harassment? How does KY law define harassment?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
If I filed a police report to a robbery, can they only view the text messages related to the said crime? If I filed a police report to a robbery and the police look at my text messaged, they can only view the text messages related to the said crime correct?	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
Is there anyway I can stop the writ of ejectmen? Is there anyway I can stop the writ of ejectmen?	Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
In Utah is it legal with parents' consent to marry someone underage when the other is over-aged?
 In Utah is it legal with parents' consent to marry someone underage when the other is over-aged?	Family Questions	Idaho
Can an aunt get custody of her niece if she can prove that the parents are not fit to take care of the child? Can an aunt get custody of her niece if she can prove that the parents are not fit to take care of the child?	Family Questions	Illinois
If I was short on my pay check with this new company, I want to know how long till they have to pay me? If I was short on my pay check with this new company, I want to know how long till they have to pay me?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If one of your apartment's employees steals your rent check, and splits, is the apartment liable? If one of your apartment's employees steals your rent check, and splits, is the apartment liable?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
How do i go about finding out about an inheritance and how long do i have before it's lost forever? How do i go about finding out about an inheritance and how long do i have before it's lost forever?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Can I sue a building management for second hand smoking coming from a different apartment? Can I sue a building management for second hand smoking coming from a different apartment?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Can I sue a girl that keeps sending me child support papers knowing that the baby is not mine?  Can I sue a girl that keeps sending me child support papers knowing that the baby is not mine? She filed once against me but stopped the process cause she told me that the baby wasn't mine but now all of the sudden i got the papers in the mail again. I feel like she just does it to mess with me and my new family. The Department of  Child support already sent me letters/notifications saying that they are obtaining my income verification. I don't think its right for them to get information of me when a paternity test has not yet been done saying that I'm the father.	Family Questions	California
If landlord gets married can he tell you that your spouse can't move in? We rent a three bedroom. If landlord gets married can he tell you that your spouse can't move in?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
In the state of mo can you garnish my ex husband's annuity plan for back child support?
 In the state of mo can you garnish my ex husband's annuity plan for back child support?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can a landlord who was paying for garbage removal ask the the tenant pay for it like one of the utilities? Can a landlord who was paying for garbage removal all the time suddenly Ask the the tenant pay for it like one of the utilities?  The detail of the "utilities" in the contract mention "sewage" but not "garbage".   Can garbage be considered as garbage although sewer charges are different?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
If I paid to get out of a lease and they cashed the check 3 months ago, do I still need to pay rent?
 If I paid to get out of a lease and they cashed the check 3 months ago, do I still need to pay rent?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
Can a 17 year old move out if having family issues? Can a 17 year old move out if having family issues?	Family Questions	West Virginia
Should there be exception to child labor laws? Should there be exception to child labor laws?	Employment Questions	Oklahoma
When a child is under a year old can he sleep over night at the father's house? When a child is under a year old can he sleep over night at the father's house?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Is it legal to make an employee go back and redo a job that was not correctly done with out pay? Is it legal to make an employee go back and redo a job that was not correctly done with out pay?	Employment Questions	Mississippi
If I am not married more then 10 years, why does ex wife still get my retirement? If I am not married more then 10 years, why does ex wife still get my retirement?	Family Questions	Hawaii
When you sue, can you get compensation for your lawyer fees if you win the case? When you sue, can you get compensation for your lawyer fees if you win the case?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
What is an average verdict for possession with intent to deliver with 40 bags of heroin? What is an average verdict for possession with intent to deliver with 40 bags of heroin?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I fire my personal injury lawyer that I've had for about a month? How do I fire my personal injury lawyer that I've had for about a month?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
How does one get his name on a deed of property that he inherited in a will? How does one get his name on a deed of property that he inherited in a will?In this will, three parties inherited this property with one share each, and two of the three are deceased.  Therefore, will the remaining party inherit the property OR will the heirs of the other two deceased parties have a claim as well?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
Can I get emancipated at 16?  Can I get emancipated at 16? Reason being I don't feel wanted by my aunt and uncle. I feel like I'm a burden on them. My aunt is never home she works three jobs and my uncle just got a job so no one really spends time with me. I'm not happy here and am way over stressed.	Family Questions	North Carolina
what is an officer supposed to do when and elderly person reports being threatened? what is an officer supposed to do when and elderly person reports being threatened?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can the father change the baby's first name without the mother's consent if they are not married? Can the father change the baby's first name without the mothers consent if they are not married?'	Family Questions	California
What are the laws about teenage runaways?  What are the laws about teenage runaways? Is it illegal and do the parents have rights?	Family Questions	New York
What happen if come late 1 to 15 minutes late to my work in Florida? What happen if come late 1 to 15 minutes late to my work in Florida?	Employment Questions	Florida
Do I still have to pay my ex-wife child support for my 18 year old child? Do I still have to pay my ex-wife child support for my 18 year old child?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can a Doctor be held liable for Inadvertent or unintended injury to a patient after surgery? Can a Doctor be held liable for Inadvertent or unintended injury to a patient after surgery?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Does Letter of Heirship need one signature or does it need another from legal counsel? Letter of Heirship has one signature does it need another from legal counsel? Or does the signature of a valid friend suffice? I am the first death beneficiary, does this mean I am the legal executor?	Family Questions	California
If I'm not able to divorce until January, Can I change my name back to my maiden name before then? If I am not able to file for divorce until January, Can I change my name back to my maiden name before then? i live in va/	Family Questions	Virginia
If I work for a big utility and I've been harassed and discriminated, is there anything that I can do?  If I work for a big utility and I've been harassed and discriminated, is there anything that I can do?	Employment Questions	California
How can the cable company keep charging you for service you don't have?  how can the cable company keep charging you for service you don't have? I lost my job and couldn't pay last months bill. so to make sure this months bill was not as much so that i could pay them off i turned in my equipment so that i could change it too basic cable! They then informed me that i cant switch to basic cable until my balance is paid in full. As expensive as it is this cant happen till my bill goes down so. So even tho they have my equipment i am continually charged for services i don't have how is this legal? at this rate i will be digging a whole impossible to get out of! all for services i don't have!	Consumer Questions	New York
How often can i take the father of my child back to court for child support? How often can i take the father of my child back to court for child support?	Family Questions	Kentucky
What is the supreme court rule number compelling a plaintiff to documents as requested for examination? What is the supreme court rule number (statute) compelling a plaintiff to documents as requested for examination?	Real Estate Questions	California
How can I go about getting custody of my daughter and setting up visitation for her father? How can I go about getting custody of my daughter and setting up visitation for her father?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can you sue your husband's lover in the state of Georgia? Can you sue your husband's lover in the state of Georgia?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Can a company prevent you from going to your vehicle during your break time legally? Can a company prevent you from going to your vehicle during your break time legally?	Employment Questions	Mississippi
Does biological mother have the right to decide the baby's last name for the birth certificate? Does biological mother have the right to decide the baby's last name for the birth certificate?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a judge order a parent to pay  or help with college costs? Can a judge order a parent to pay  or help with college costs?	Family Questions	Illinois
If an employee is accused of stealing money from workplace, can that money be removed from pay?  If an employee is accused of stealing money from his/her workplace, can that money be removed from their pay?	Employment Questions	Nevada
Do i have to keep my ex on my health insurance at work until the divorce is final? Do i have to keep my ex on my health insurance at work until the divorce is final?	Family Questions	Kentucky
How long till the final hearing happens for divorce after agreed/successful mediation takes place? How long till the final hearing happens for divorce after agreed/successful mediation takes place in Pinellas county Florida? My mediation was done on 9/11/12 and I received an Order Approving Mediation Stipulation on 9/18/12. Also, we agreed to waive the thirty day notice of Final Fearing and to proceed to the Final Hearing as expeditiously as possible.	Family Questions	Florida
Can you file for custody of a child in a different state when your dealing with custody in one currently? Can you file for custody of a child in a different state when your dealing with custody in one currently?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Can you sue a city for designating a smoking area at work for only your office? Can you sue a city for designating a smoking area at work for only your office?	Employment Questions	California
Can my baby's mama claim child support and move to a different state? Can my baby's mama claiming child support and move to a different state?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can I take my child out of the country with me for awhile even though we have joint custody? Can I take my child out of the country with me for awhile even though me and her father have joint custody?	Family Questions	Arkansas
If I've been on pretrial for a year as an electronic monitor, does it count for any reduced time? If I've been on pretrial for a year as an electronic monitor, does it count for any reduced time?	Criminal Questions	Tennessee
Code in the child support guidelines that state a parent receiving support report a change in income? is there a code in the Virginia child support guidelines that state a parent receiving child support report a change in their income.	Family Questions	Virginia
How do I reply in as a witness in a discrimination case where the information provided did not happen to me? How do I reply in as a witness or respondent in a discrimination case where the information provided did not happen to me or doesn't apply to me?	Employment Questions	Florida
How do I get an appeal after taking a deal with a public defender? How do I get an appeal after taking a deal with a public defender? also i have 30 days to appeal and it hasn't been 30 days?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Recourse if my neighbor seemingly has taken several feet of my property by planting grass on it? My neighbor seemingly has taken several feet of my property by planting grass on it.  What recourse do I have?	Real Estate Questions	California
When you start a job at a set pay rate can they cut it without telling you about it? When you start a job at a set pay rate can they cut it without telling you about it?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Can my past employer give a copy of my employment app & resume to a third party without my consent? Can my past employer give a copy of my employment application and resume to a third party without my consent in NYS?	Employment Questions	New York
Can an employer fire an employee for not taking breaks because the employee is unable to? Can an employer fire an employee for not taking breaks because the employee is unable to?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
What to do if my wife took off with our kids out of state and has not contacted me to see them? What to do if my wife took off with our kids out of state and has not contacted me to see them?	Family Questions	South Carolina
Can my landlord keep filing on me even when we're waiting on a decision from another case? Can my landlord keep filing on me even when we're waiting on a decision from another case?	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
Can my landlord take me to court while her house are in foreclosure? Can my landlord take me to court while her house are in foreclosure?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
As a renter in Fort Collins, Colorado do i have a right to say no for caremars in side of a home? As a renter in Fort Collins, Colorado do i have a right to say no for caremars in side of a home?	Family Questions	Colorado
What should I do if I was fired from my job with no good reasons?
 What should I do if I was fired from my job with no good reasons?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
How long do I pay child support in the state of Kansas if my daughter is a senior in college? How long do I pay child support in the state of Kansas if my daughter is a senior in college?	Family Questions	Missouri
if i lose a job and still get foreign income, do i qualify or can apply for unemployment benefits? if i lose a job and still get foreign income, do i qualify or can apply for unemployment benefits?	Employment Questions	Florida
What are the statue limitations in the state of Indiana foreseeing a transmission place?
 What are the statue limitations in the state of Indiana foreseeing a transmission place?	Consumer Questions	California
What law prohibits a senior citizen to leave a nursing home? What law prohibits a senior citizen to leave a nursing home?	Family Questions	California
how can a guy adopt a child but can't pay his child support for 2 of his other kids?
 How can a guy adopt a child but can't pay his child support for 2 of his other kids?	Family Questions	Montana
What do you do when your apartment complex has been charging you a $200 late fee every month?  What do you do when your apartment complex has been charging you a $200 late fee every month? I went to court for late payment and the judge explained that this is illegal. What is my next step?	Real Estate Questions	California
Does a teacher have a right to a break and lunch? Does a teacher have a right to a break and lunch?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Who is entitled to my deceased son's retirement benefits? Who is entitled to my deceased son's retirement benefits? Me and my younger son who are listed as his beneficiaries or his wife of 6 months before his passing. We live in the state of Florida.	Family Questions	Florida
What should you take to a pretrial in front of a judge and what should you expect? What should you take to a pretrial in front of a judge and what should you expect?	Employment Questions	New York
Can corporations force employees with a part time job work more than 10 hours in the daily basics? Can corporations force employees with a part time job work more than 10 hours in the daily basics?	Employment Questions	California
what is a trust with our kids in an estate will? what is a trust with our kids in an estate will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Minnesota
Can my boyfriend kick me out of the house while I'm sick? Can my boyfriend kick me out of the house while I'm sick?	Family Questions	Florida
Legal to charge to get my stuff back in FL if my car was repossessed and my personal stuff in the car? Legal to charge to get my stuff back in FL if my car was repossessed and my personal stuff in the car?	Consumer Questions	Florida
If you're scheduled for 8 hours but only get 3 hours paid but be there the whole time is that right? If you're scheduled for 8 hours but only get 3 hours paid but be there the whole time is that right?	Employment Questions	Georgia
I am not a lawyer but If my ID expired how would I get another one? I am not a lawyer but If my ID expired how would I get another one?	Immigration Questions	Illinois
Can a company require you to volunteer & use it as a criteria on your yearly evaluation? Can a company in PA. require you to volunteer and raise money for charity and use it as a criteria on your yearly evaluation?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I disestablishment paternity for a child born there while I reside in a different state? How do I disestablishment paternity for a child born there while I reside in a different state?	Family Questions	Washington
how do i become representative & get title of mobile home transferred from deceased mother's into mine?  how do i become personal representative and get title of mobile home transferred from deceased mothers name into my name?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Can my ex girlfriend take our child out of Ky without my consent?  Can my ex girlfriend take our child out of Ky without my consent? She has moved to IN	Family Questions	Kentucky
Can I be evicted if I am making partial payments? In the state of Georgia, can I be evicted if I am making partial payments? Its the best I can do.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Is Utah horses racing required to have insurance to put on the races? Is Utah horses racing required to have insurance to put on the races?	Personal Injury Questions	Utah
if I'm staying in a condo for 6 months and I'm not on the lease do I have any rights? I wanted to know if I'm staying in a condo for 6 months and I'm not on the lease do I have any rights so I can't be just thrown out?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If someone wrote something racial on my locker at work what can be done about it? If someone wrote something racial on my locker at work what can be done about it?	Employment Questions	West Virginia
What to do if I want to file suit against my husband for defamation of character in the state of Texas? What to do if I want to file suit against my husband for defamation of character in the state of Texas?	Family Questions	California
What is the possible sentence for a misdemeanor "attempt to possess a firearm" in DC? What is the possible sentence for a misdemeanor "attempt to possess a firearm" in DC?	Criminal Questions	District of Columbia
is a CWOF in Massachusetts a guilty finding? is a cwof in Massachusetts a guilty finding?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Can you file for joint custody cause my ex is saying the paperwork has to state who has physical custody? In a new York state uncontested divorce, can you file for just joint custody because my ex is saying the paperwork has to state who has physical custody of our son and plain joint custody is not an option. Is this true?	Family Questions	New York
Can a warrant be issued for failure to respond to a server in Indiana? Can a warrant be issued for failure to respond to a server in Indiana?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
What happens if a non-custodial parent receives SS disability benefits on a child that lives with father? What happens if a non custodial parent receives social security disability benefits on a child that lives with father?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Can your landlord evict you in Colorado if there is no lease and you decide to leave and not give a deposit? Can your landlord evict you in Colorado if there is no lease and you decide to leave and not give a deposit?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
How long after you're terminate can you file a wrongful termination suit? How long after you're terminate can you file a wrongful termination suit?	Employment Questions	Missouri
