Can lender require borrower to pay for lender&#39;s title insurance to refinance mortgage? In Massachusetts, can a lender legally require that a borrower pay for Lender's Title Insurance in refinancing a mortgage. If I'm also paying the lender's attorney fees & title search, shouldn't the attorney guarantee to the lender that a title search is free & clear?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What to do when employees forget to file 83(b) elections? My company issued stock to early employees of the company about one year ago, and the stock was subject to vesting.  The employees forgot to file their 83(b) elections. What can we do to fix this problem?	Securities Questions	California
What to do if you&#39;re an inmate &amp; want to divorce your spouse but you do not know her whereabouts are? What to do if you're an inmate in jail and want to divorce your spouse but you do not know her whereabouts are and I haven't heard or seen her since 2009?	Family Questions	Louisiana
How to deal with board member with possible conflict of interest? My company has a board member with another business interest which I think will soon be in direct conflict with our business.  The board member is aware of the possible competing business interests, but has dismissed it and believes that no conflict of interest exists.  What steps should we take before approaching the board member, and what steps should we ask the board member to take to address this conflict of interest, if any, besides removing him/herself from the board.	Corporate Questions	California
Stock option plan for employee and consultants? My company wants to issue stock options to employees and consultants. Do I need a stock option plan?	Employment Questions	California
Does father still pay child support if he kicks her out of house? If divorce papers state the respondent agrees to pay Petitioner per month for child support until18, or graduates from high school (2012 is graduation) whichever is last or emancipated.But he kicks her out of his home. Is he still obligated to pay child support?	Family Questions	Montana
How to get sole ownership of home if unable to locate girlfriend? How can I get sole ownership of my home if my girlfriend left over a year ago, and I have no idea where she is?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
My daughter is in a verbally abusive marriage of 19 years.  They have 4 children, 2 are still at home.  She has MS.  Her husband has &quot;brain washed the kids into thinking she is the bad guy&quot;.  Can she leave without it being considered abanonment if the kids refuse to go with her?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How to compensate employees using stock options? After weeks of developing the concept for a new product, our startup wants to hire its first couple of engineers to develop it.  Because our company is bootstrapped and has limited funds, our friends suggest offering these engineers a stock option plan.  How should we proceed to set up a stock option plan and offer it to them?	Employment Questions,Securities Questions	California
Is it legal to insist non-exempt employees take paid time off instead of overtime? My company has several non-exempt employees who want to be paid overtime instead of taking their paid time off.  Can my company insist and require that these employees take their paid time off instead of being paid overtime?	Employment Questions	California
Do I have to report personal use of business credit card to IRS? I applied for a business credit card and got approved under sole proprietorship but only want to use it for personal use. Do I still have to report this to the IRS and would this effect me buying a house in about 6 months?	Tax Questions	California
Do I owe back payments on condo association fee? In foreclosure of condo in Fla., do I owe back payments on the condo assoc. fee?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How to minimize liability regarding worker&#39;s compensation claim for injuries stemming from non-work related injury? An employee recently filed a worker's compensation claim for a non-work related injury he claims was worsened by his job duties.  He admitted to us that the injury was initially caused by rigorous non-work related activities before he filed the claim, and also assured us that it would not interfere with his work related duties.  We allowed him to continue until he notified us of his situation, and now claims that his job duties have significantly has exacerbated his condition and is demanding full coverage for his injuries.  What steps should we take to minimize the liability to our business?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Insurance Questions,Workers Comp Questions	California
What are legal implications for storing credit card information for ecommerce site? The eCommerce site I am about to launch will need to accept credit cards for payment.  I have been advised by others to use a credit card processing service.  Since sensitive credit card information will be entered on my website, what legal implications exist with handling and storing customer credit card information and what steps should I take to minimize company liability in this respect?	eCommerce Law Questions,Internet Law Questions,Privacy Questions	California
3rd party administrator for job collects premiums from employer. Can a 3rd party administrator for my job be held responsible for collecting my premiums from my employee and not sending it to the insurance company?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,ERISA Questions	Texas
Employment lawyer for suit against Chicago Public School System. Can anyone recommend employment lawyer in IL area? I am considering a potentially large lawsuit against Chicago Public School (CPS) System and am looking for an experienced legal professional with significant experience.	Contract Questions,Employment Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Workers Comp Questions	Illinois
Legal issues when hiring new engineer instead of outsourcing? I have been working on a new e-commerce site for about six months, where I have outsourced the development work, but now I'm thinking about hiring a full time engineer to handle these issues.  What legal issues should I consider when hiring this engineer?	Employment Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Securities Questions,Trade Secret Questions	California
When can a forensic test showing positive gun powder residue on a person&#39;s hand and clothes be used as evidence in a court of law in the state of Louisiana? And if not does this hold true in every state?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
What copyright liability issues when users quote copyrighted works? We have noticed that some users on our social media website are quoting materials from music and television shows and posting them on our site.  What copyright liability issues do we face if users are quoting portions of such materials?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
Are home inspections REQUIRED before buying a home? I bought a home 2 years ago from what I thought was very close friend of 14 years. Being a 1st time homebuyer, I knew nothing.  If I had a home inspection done, I wouldn&#39;t be where I am. He told me not to &amp; said it was a waste of money.	Consumer Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Ohio
Insurance needed for internet company? Our company is planning to launch its website in couple months.  It was recently incorporated.  Before we launch, we are wondering if we need insurance.  If we do need insurance, what type of insurance should we get?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions	California
When and how to incorporate? I independently started a successful startup over eight months ago.  Independent contractors have been helping me run the business during the last five months. I did not form a corporation or an LLC, and have operated as a sole proprietor all this time.  Should Iincorporate, and if so, how?	Corporate Questions	California
Tax efficiency of investing in foreign company through US versus foreign holding company? We are considering investing in an Indian or Chinese company.  Is it more tax efficient to invest in the company directly from our U.S. entity or through a foreign holding company, and if the latter, in which nation should the foreign holding company reside?	International Business Law Questions,Tax Questions,Venture Capital Questions	California
Which home office costs can I expense to corporation? I formed an early stage startup that is incorporated as a limited liability company which I currently run out of my private residence. My business primarily uses internet, phone, electricity, and a dedicated portion of space of my residence.  Which of these can I expense to the corporation for tax purposes?	Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	California
What tax breaks on selling and installing residential and commercial green technologies? Our company sells and installs energy efficient products for residential and commercial buildings.  I am hearing a lot of news about tax breaks for California companies in this field, but I am not sure if they apply to my business model.  What are some main tax breaks that I should be aware of?	Clean Tech/Green Tech Questions,Tax Questions	California
Legal issues when running eCommerce site in country where not physically present? I am interested in expanding my eCommerce business into China.  However, I do not plan on having a physical presence in China.  What legal issues are associated with running an eCommerce site in a country where I do not have a physical presence?	Contract Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,International Business Law Questions,International Trade Questions,Internet Law Questions	California
How to qualify for tax breaks as green technology company? We recently heard that California passed a law providing tax breaks to certain companies developing green technologies.  It excludes such companies from paying sales and use taxes on the purchase of manufacturing equipment.  Our company is manufactures parts that are to be used in electric cars.  What steps does our company need to take to qualify for this tax break?	Clean Tech/Green Tech Questions,Tax Questions	California
To what extent am I responsible to provide health insurance for full time employees? My husband and I cancelled our group business policy last year and took a high deductible (10K) personal plan because the group policy was too expensive for us. I am a dentist and work part time in my own practice.	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Illinois
Using business structures to protect from liability? I formed a limited liability company in California as an umbrella for my various e-commerce websites.  Since my e-commerce sites do business in other states, should I be considering other business structures besides an LLC to protect myself from liability?	Corporate Questions,eCommerce Law Questions	California
Hospital representative harassing me for payment. A representative from hospital harassed me for payment right after surgery in hospital and showed up at my heart surgeon's office demanding payment too. What should I do?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Health Care Questions,Personal Injury Questions,Privacy Questions	South Carolina
Do I have to report the changes in my home for this week she&#39;ll be here if I have section 8 housing? I am a renter of section 8 housing. One daughter & grandson moved out which was on my grant. Now my other daughter is only here for about a week until her apartment is ready. Do I have to report the changes in my home for this week she'll be here?	Family Questions	Michigan
if a will doesn&#39;t stand in court and it is thrown out can a old will still stand up in court in PA? If a will doesn't stand in court and it is thrown out can a old will still stand up in court in PA?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do if my ex hasn&#39;t taken his visitation and is behind on child support, but wants to file again? My ex-husband filed for custody of our son 2 years ago and lost.  He hasn't taken his visitation and is behind on child support.  He has stated that he is going to file for custody again.  This seems crazy to me.   Confused in Georgia.	Family Questions	Georgia
Daughter liable for the time left if she moves out when her is name isn&#39;t on the lease? My daughter wants to move out of her apt. She shares it with her boyfriend. Her name is not on the lease. Can she be liable for the time left on the lease?	Family Questions	Florida
Legal if hospital&#39;s memo says &quot;if we get cancelled, we remain on call until 1/2 hour after the shift starts&quot;? Our hospital printed a memo stating"if we get cancelled, we remain on call until 1/2 hour after the shift starts."  Is this legal?  We are not getting paid for the 2 1/2 hrs?  This hospital is in Colorado.  Thank you.	Employment Questions	Colorado
How do I get a expulsion of my son taken away? How do I get a expulsion of my son taken away?	Family Questions	Ohio
Is it legal for my boss to make me go part-time &amp; take away my benefits &amp; still make me work full-time hours? Is it legal for my boss to make me go part-time after 7 yeas and take away my benefits and still make me work full-time hours?	Employment Questions	California
What can I do if a tenant has not paid her rent and won&#39;t let me get my stuff? I have a tenant that has not paid her rent in 2 months. I have contacted her several times to have access to the house & she refuses to let me in to get some items of mine out.  She said it is against the law to enter the house with her belongings in it without her being there.  What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What are my options for splitting bank account in divorce? My husband and I have been separated since Oct. We recently filed our taxes together due to our accountant's advice because my husband is self employed and we are still legally married. The money has been deposited into his personal checking account and he now refuses to split it in half as agreed upon. What are my options?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can a lawyer make a contract with Cuban people if it&#39;s living in Cuba? Can a lawyer make a contract with Cuban people if it's living in Cuba?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Legal to take a 1/2 hour unpaid break when working only a 6 hour shift? Is it legal for an employer to make you take a 1/2 hour unpaid break when working only a 6 hour shift?  I thought you were entitled to a 15 minute Paid break for a 6 hour shift.  This is in Florida.  I thought you must take a 1/2 hour unpaid break when working an 8 hour shift.	Employment Questions	Florida
Is a person receiving SSI benefits required to pay child support out of their SSI which is their only income? In NYS is a person receiving SSI benefits required to pay child support out of their SSI benefits which is their only income?	Employment Questions	New York
What to do if engaged in deficiency litigation &amp; foreclosure? In expert handwriting, an agent has documented that the signatures on several bank mortgage documents are fraudulent (not my signatures). Now we are engaged in deficiency litigation & foreclosure.What is the next step I should take if the Consumer Protection Board set up by the Trent Lott July 2011 legislation?Bernard	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If an employer decides to cut an employee&#39;s salary, does that constitute having your job eliminated? If an employer decides to cut and employee's salary because he feels he no longer needs a senior person in the employee's role, does that constitute having your job eliminated?  What rights does an employee have to ask to be laid off instead and ask for severance in such a case?  Or does the employee just have to accept the lesser salary and position?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Up to what age can you get child support? Up to what age can you get child support? How do you get back child support if it owes back to you?	Family Questions	New York
Legal for co-workers to listen in on a conversation and terminate them after? Is it legal for co-workers to listen in on a conversation without one of the parties knowledge and then to be terminated because said co-workers wrote a statement about what they heard?	Employment Questions	Utah
Am I allowed to have my employer give me the rest of my vacation time in a check? I've given my notice at work, and I have over 40 hours of vacation that I haven't used. Am I allowed to have them give me the rest of my vacation time in a check?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What legal document do I need to ensure I receive an equal share when the house is sold? My father left a house in his will for myself and 3 other brothers. We have all agreed to sell the house. What legal document do I need to ensure I receive an equal share when the house is sold?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is there an amount of hours a salaried general manager can legally work in a week? Is there a maximum amount of hours a salaried general manager of a restaurant can legally work in a week? And if so, is there cause for compensation for hours worked above that threshold?	Employment Questions	California
Is it required by law that if you are scheduled to work 8 hours your employer must allow a half hour lunch break to all employees? Is it required by law that if you are scheduled to work 8 hours your employer must allow a half hour lunch break to all employees?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What is the number of hours that a part-time worker can work? In Florida, what is the number of hours that a part-time worker can work?	Employment Questions	Florida
Is it legal if a woman left her husband while she is still married? If a woman left her husband while she is still married, is it legal?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
I like to know what a father can do to see his daughter. The kid is 10 years old &amp; the father is on active duty but does not live in the child&#39;s state. He will be here for 2 weeks for Xmas. Child support and visitation has been set up by court long time ago. But mother refuses to let him see her.	Family Questions	Georgia
How would I know if my dad left me anything in his will? How would I know if my dad left me anything in his will? He was remarried, but has three biological children. Thank you.	Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Is a civil action served without a case number legal? Is a civil action served without a case number legal?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Are you suppose to get paid for a meeting if you&#39;re off? Are you suppose to get paid for a meeting if you're off?	Employment Questions	Florida
Am I entitled to a raise after going to school and getting my CDA? Am I entitled to a raise after going to school and getting my CDA?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Okay for an employer to post a checklist and get termination after 3 times? Is it okay as an employer to post a check list of duties for bartenders and if they get written up 3 times can be terminated?	Employment Questions	Ohio
Can a company take out hours that I worked for lunch when I never got a lunch break? Can a company take out hours that I worked for lunch when I never got a lunch break?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Can an employer pay the white assistants more than the black assistants? I work at a Louisiana non-profit with 13 employees.  There are four "assistant" positions at my work place.  Two of the assistants are white and the other two (me included) are black.  The two white assistants earn 10% more in salary than us.  Can an employer pay the white assistants more than the black assistants ?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
Do you have to stay in same State to be entitled to your half to file for a divorce in California? Do you have to stay in same State to be entitled to your half to file for a divorce in California? eg: The person filing was staying at sons home in Arizona and the spouse is at there home in California.	Family Questions	California
If a tenant gets sent to jail how long does a landlord have to wait to dispose of personal property? If a tenant gets sent to jail how long does a landlord have to wait to dispose of personal property?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Is it legal to ask individuals to buy new cars and transfer titles to a company? is it legal to ask individuals to buy new cars and transfer titles to a company, and this company will export the cars overseas?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
How do you stop equal executor from accessing estate prior to pre probate?

In a multiple executorship, when 2 parties are ready and other will not comply, what is the legal recourse?

When jewelry and money taken from estate w/o consent, how do we legally force accountablity? My dad's will states that all 3 children get an equal 1/3.  One sister won't comply with mutl represent.Same 1 has gone thru estate/taken things, w/o consent.Legally what can be done to make her cease access/estate & get her to relinquish her executorship/or move forward with process?TIA	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if my daughter was suspended from her job at Safeways without them giving her a reason? My daughter was suspended from her job at Safeways food store without them giving her a reason. Can you help?	Family Questions	California
Can a child have rights for parent&#39;s care if designated proxies lives out of state from patient? Can a child have rights for parent's care if designated proxies lives out of state from patient?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
If I didn&#39;t do anything wrong, do I need a lawyer when being investigated by children youth and families? If I know I didn't do anything wrong, do I need a lawyer when being investigated by children youth and families?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If I want full custody of my daughter, what proof do I need to support that request? If I want full custody of my daughter, what proof do I need to support that request?  I live in New York.	Family Questions	New York
Will medicaid take the house if my dad died and there is still $100,000 owed on the house? My dad died and there is still $100,000 owed on the house. Will medicaid take the house?	Family Questions	Oregon
Can a special Ed teacher work with general Ed students under early intervention? Can a special Ed teacher work with general Ed students under early intervention?	Employment Questions	California
Anyway for my son to obtain a marriage license without going in person? My son is in the ARMY stationed at Ft. Benning in GA. He is waiting to get into officer school and is not allowed to leave the base.  He can have visitors every three weeks but can't leave base.  Is there anyway for him to obtain a marriage license without going in person if he were to have the documents notarized?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How can I see or talk to my half brother when he is with foster parents? My name is Michael. I'm 21 years old and I had a question about my half brother. He is six right now and he is with foster parents right now. He was taken away from my dad a few months back. I'm just trying to see if there is any way I can get to see him or keep in touch with him at all?	Family Questions	New Mexico
What does clause mean if it states: property shall not be transferred except by devise or they call the loan? My husband and I are currently both on the deed to our home.  I am considering removing him from the deed but not the mortgage debt.  In reviewing my loan documents I saw a clause that states: property shall not be transferred except by devise or descent or they can call the loan.What does the clause mean?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the best move for us to protect our home and personal savings if my wife has cancer? My wife and I decided to divorce a several  months ago. About two months ago she was diagnosed with lung cancer (stage 3). I suggested that we put the divorce on hold and focus on getting her back to health. We have two small children and my wife dosen't want to burden our family with medical debt if she doesn't make it through the treatments. What is the best move for us to protect our home and personal savings?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
Does it make any difference who gets served papers first? Does it make any difference who gets served papers first?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
What to do if I&#39;m working on a holiday but I&#39;m not getting holiday pay? What to do if I'm working on a holiday but I'm not getting holiday pay?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What can I do to get money that is owed to me? I was told today that there is no money to pay me.  So I will not get a check today.  This would have been my pay for last week.  I worked a full week this week and was told there will be no money to pay me next week. I cried and walked out. What can I do to get money that is owed to me?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I refuse to take a lunch if I wish to work through an 8 hour shift? I was wondering if, in Illinois, it is illegal to work more than 8 hours with no breaks at all. My company said that I must take at least a lunch break. Can I refuse to take a lunch if I wish to work through a shift length greater than 8 hours?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How do I put a trust into my will? How do I put a trust into my will?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What are my rights if my work can not keep payroll straight? I work for a company that can not keep payroll straight. They are consistently shorting me over time hours and can not seem to send my pay stub on time. When I submit the proper forms about the over time or call the office to ask questions no one seems to have any answers and I am still not paid the hours that I work. What are my rights? What  is the procedure to recoup my money?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Charged overdraft fees by Bank of America but did not receive a form to file? I was charged overdraft fees by Bank of America but did not receive a form to file in on the class action law suit?	Employment Questions	Florida
Legal for civil cases to be a stipulation of a plea agreement in a juvenile criminal case? Is it legal for civil cases to be a stipulation of a plea agreement in a juvenile criminal case? Very confused on how this can be? Especially if the juvenile has nothing to do with the civil case!	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
How to get half of timeshare paid by ex? How do I get a judge to make an ex girlfriend fulfill her financial responsibility of paying her half of a timeshare?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What are my rights for a break as a waitress? I am a waitress, what are my rights for a "break"? ie: if I am there from 5-10pm, when am I allowed to have a snack?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Pay show up time and how much? When you show up for work and they send you home, do they have to pay you show up time and how much?	Employment Questions	California
What can we do if the company has since gone out of business and customer service is outsourced to foreign country when we signed for a loan? My husband signed a note for a loan of $6000 about three years ago. The interest rate is 29.4% annual. The company has since gone out of business and customer service is outsourced to a foreign country.  What can we do?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
How much time do I have to wait to get rid of my roommate&#39;s things if she moved out in February? My tenant moved in February and hasn't completely moved her possessions out. How much time do I have to wait to get rid of her things?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is there anything I could pursue to make them pay some rent until it&#39;s sold? My mother passed away one year ago and her house was left to myself and my three sisters. I have 2 sisters that live there and pay no rent which I have asked them to pay. Is there anything I could persue to make them pay some rent until it's sold?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do if my tenant has moved her child and grandchildren in with her? What to do if my tenant has moved her child and grandchildren in with her?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can landlord sue tenant for original cost of debt because of non-payment? If a tenant is in a contracted payment agreement and pays most of the debt off, is the landlord allowed to sue the ex-tenant for the original cost of the debt because of nonpayment?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal for an independent contractor to fire you by text at 12 am without a 30-day notice per contract? Is it legal for an independent contractor to fire you by text at 12 am without a 30-day notice per contract?	Employment Questions	Michigan
If I am a renter and my building gets condemned, how long do I have to get out? If I am a renter and my building gets condemned, how long do I have to get out?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Legality of my husband signing a portion of his aunt&#39;s house? My husband had a portion of his aunt's house signed over to him in 1998. And in 2002 she made him sign it back over to her. In 2007 she made him sign the same portion back over to her again. Can this be legally done when he signed his half over to begin with in 2002?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Is there anyway to get out of our lease agreement if the area is unsafe? I live in an apartment and my husband's car was broken into and my car was stolen a couple nights ago. We told the managers of the complex and they are not going to do anything about it as far as hire night guards. We feel the complex has become an unsafe place for us to live and would like to get out and move somewhere else. Is there anyway to get out of ourlease agreement?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Maximum amount of time or mileage? Is there a maximum amount of time or mileage that an employer can make an employee drive a company vehicle from home to a customer site or from a customer site back home before that employer has to pay an employee?	Employment Questions	Illinois
child custody My ex husband and i have a 9-year-old son. He lived with me for 7 years but started have behavior problems with him so i let him go live with his dad.Thinking same sex parent would maybe help my son. Good for 2 years, now his dad is having problems again. I have FULL CUSTODY OF HIM. Can i make my son move back with me?	Family Questions	Minnesota
What is the basis for having an arbitration award which you were not a party to vacated in Nevada? None	Construction Law Questions	Nevada
Is it legal if my car insurance provider raised my monthly payment because of late payment? My car insurance provider raised my monthly payment because of late payment. Is this legal?	Corporate Questions	Florida
Is hunting legal in New Hampshire? Is hunting legal in New Hampshire?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What are you entitled to for a break if you are working a 6 1/2 hour shift? In Illinois, what are you entitled to for a break if you are working a 6 1/2 hour shift?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Code of conduct for an employee having to be disciplined in front of another employee? Is there a code of conduct for an employee having to be disciplined in front of another employee for making a mistake?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can my ex-husband file charges if my medical services did not harm him in any way? My husband and I are divorcing. The payments to pay for my medical services came to me but in husband's name. I put them in my account and paid for insurance coverage for my co-pay. I have signed his name over the course of 21 years. Can he file felony charges if this did not harm him in any way?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions	Minnesota
Builder used design build quotation to obtain financing then hired new contractor. builder used our design build quotation to obtain financing for a project then had new drawings made by mecanical engineer and hired another contractor without ever letting us review new drawings. told us we had the job all along process until financing was obtained	Construction Law Questions	Massachusetts
Question about employment? On 3/13/12 our area received 6" of snow. I called my supervisor and told her I wasn't going to make it in and was told it was okay. Two hours before my shift would've started I got a call and was told I needed to come in. I had already sent the babysitter home and was unable to go in to work. I was suspended for 3 days w/o pay. is this legal?	Employment Questions	Washington
Is there such a law in place for a common law wife of husband around? Is there such a law in place for a common law wife of husband around?	Family Questions	California
How to be emancipated in Kentucky? How to be emancipated in Kentucky?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Question regarding qualifications of a director and how to obtain them? Hello. I'd like to remain anonymous. I work at a preschool in California who is under California state law and follows Title 22 rules and regulations. My director was gone on vacation for one month. Now that she is back, they called her into a meeting. The outcome was that they claim that she does not have enough courses to be a director. She has been a director at this school for the past 9 years and in the business for 25 years an never had a problem until now. She was put on a paid administrative leave until everything gets sorted out. Howdy director claims her transcripts are missing and has already made the call to get another copy. How long can this take to be resolved? What could possible happen after this?	Employment Questions	California
What is the law about smoke breaks at work? What is the law about smoke breaks at work?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
Can my late uncle&#39;s girlfriend throw me out and raise the rent if he left the house to her? I have been living with my uncle for 3 years. He currently passed away and in his will and he left his house to his girlfriend. What rights do I have? Can she throw me out,raise the rent, etc.?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
If my boyfriend broke a gift that he bought me, does he have to pay for it? If my boyfriend broke a gift that he bought me, does he have to pay for it?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Question about employment and eligibility? I live in New York and on March 2, 2012, my employer gave all of the employees in 2 programs letters stating that their contract was cancelled and therefore they had to eliminate our positions as of April 1, 2012.  This past Thursday, they verbally told union members (I am not a part of the union as I am in a management position) that they are extending our positions until April 23, 2012.  My question is do we have to stay on until April 23rd or can we leave on March 30th?  If we leave on March 30th, will we be eligible for unemployment?	Employment Questions	New York
If I claim unemployment, would my wife still be able to claim our children at the end of the year? I am separated from my wife and we filed taxes separately (MA) and I filed for unemployment even though I have not claimed the 2 children on my taxes. Can I claim them for unemployment? If I do this would my wife still be able to claim them at the end of the year?	Employment Questions	New Hampshire
We installed a tile backsplash for a customer back in April of 2011.  She said she was happy with our work and paid us. Now in January she changed her mind and wants it redone. Can she hold us responsible if we refuse to pay?	Construction Law Questions	Illinois
How do I get my money back from child protective services? How do I get my money back from child protective services that took two of my kids and are putting them up for adoption? When a foster mother was hit with the same thing I got to keep my kids and adopt kids. When cps let me keep my new born, I was a fit mother but I am not a fit mother for my others. All cps wants is the money that they are getting for each one of my girls. They don't care how they feel or anything. They do some but they don't do other. This CPS place in Victorville are getting a new place for themselves. How are they doing that without money? It's from the kids that they are adopting out. That's not right. They should all go to jail.	Family Questions	California
What are my rights as a minor mother when ex boyfriend&#39;s parents are refusing to tell me where my son is located? I am a 15 year old mother and my ex boyfriend's parents took my child and are refusing to tell me his location and are refusing me contact with him. What are my rights as a minor mother?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
True that people who are on social security disability get a free fishing license? Is it true that people who are on social security disability get a free fishing license? Or does someone on soc sec disability need a fishing license?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
What will happen to threaten for a plea? What will happen if someone threatens you to take a plea?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Do you have to pay an annual fee if conditions are not listed in the contract? Do you have to pay an annual fee if conditions or amount of fee are not listed in the contract?	Consumer Questions	California
Can your employer take away any time you have accrue from your work, like PTO time? Can your employer take away any time you have accrue from your work, like PTO time?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can the landlord still evict and require the next month&#39;s rent early? After a judgement for the landlord (with no money judgement) is received but the balance required is paid, can the landlord still evict and require the next month's rent early?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Is it the landlord or tenant&#39;s responsibility to clean the carpet? In West Virginia, is it the landlord or tenant's responsibility to clean the carpet?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can company mandate Sunday work? If a company has set your work schedule for 40 hrs Monday through Thursday, can they mandate a Sunday because of short production?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Legal for a government agency using my photo on their calendar they give out? Is there any legal action I can take towards a government agency using my photo on their calendar they give out?  They never asked my permission to use my likeness.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Under Canadian law is the signature of the clerk sufficient for a judgement? Under Canadian law does a judgment need to be signed by the judge or the signature of the clerk is sufficient?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Illegal to work for your parents&#39; business for free if you are receiving unemployment? In Iowa is it illegal to work for your parents business for free if you are receiving unemployment if they don't have a full time opening for you?	Employment Questions	New York
How far do teacher certification checks go? Teacher certification background check New York. How far do they go back?	Employment Questions	New York
Can I ask for alimony? My husband asked for a divorce. He is the bread winner of the household and I'm a full time student. We have a house together, no kids and only one car. I would like to know can I ask for alimony?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Law relating Trees that span over neighbor&#39;s property and the imposition of liability? What's the law in Georgia relating Trees that span over neighbor's property and the imposition of liability?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
If I move do I have to change the will to my updated address? If I move do I have to change the will to my updated address?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
What are the laws regarding employee breaks? In the state of Illinois, what are the laws regarding employee breaks? I'm looking for a time frame of hours worked and breaks one would be entitled to in that amount of time.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Will my employer take my pay and give me less when I demote myself? I'm a manager at taco bell and I'm currently getting paid 10.00 an hour but I would like to demote myself. Will they be able to take my pay and give me less or is there a law where my pay have to stay the same?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can your landlord tell you that you can&#39;t have a glass of wine on the property? Can your landlord come on your porch and tell you you can't have a glass of wine on her property?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Is it illegal when I&#39;m a salary employee and I&#39;m making less than minimum wage? Is it illegal when I'm a salary employee and I'm making less than minimum wage?	Employment Questions	Washington
How can I pursue my ex to pay what we agree upon? At one point I had a court order for child support. He moved to Portugal and decided to pay me less. Now again, he is paying me less.  How can I pursue him to pay what we agree upon?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Is it legal to work someone 8 hours a day every day of every month all year long? Is it legal to work someone 8 hours a day every day of every month all year long?	Employment Questions	Alabama
As a male resident of PA going through a divorce, what am I entitled to in regards to savings, investments and retirement funds? As a male resident of PA going through a divorce, what am I entitled to in regards to savings, investments and retirement funds?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I still get half the house if I put it under my wife&#39;s name when we were separated? My wife and I were married for 10 yrs and were separated for 2 years. I put the house under her name when we where separated. Can I still get half the house?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal to advertise job for more than current employee&#39;s rate? My husband works for a remodeling company. He makes only $15 per hour. He had his review and is making $17 per hour. He is still looking for another job that pays more. He found an ad on craigslist from the same company he works for advertising the same job for $19-$22. per hour. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Washington
Can an employer withhold paychecks if they are on vacation? Can an employer that owns a small pizza shop order her manager to withhold paychecks from the employees if someone calls in and can't work on any day she is on vacation out of town?	Employment Questions	New York
What are the laws in Oregon concerning grandparents&#39; rights? What are the laws in Oregon concerning grandparents' rights? My parents are attempting to hold a court case over my head because they want to sue me for visitation because they feel they don't see them enough?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
What are the chances my fiance would lose custody if the child says she wants to live with her mother even if it&#39;s not the best situation? My fiance has custody of his 13 year old daughter (since she was a baby). She sees her mother 8 weeks in the summer and had little contact with her. Recently she has been calling everyday and his daughter now says she would not mind living with her mother. She was deemed an unfit mother but was still given visitation. We live in PA and she lives in CA. We know the mother is filling the daughter's head with lies and empty promises. The mother would go months without calling and years w/o paying child support. What are the chances my fiance would lose custody if the child says she wants to live with her mother even if it's not the best situation?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
I have adopted a child, who is my own grandchild.  Do the other biological grandparents have any visitation rights legally?  It might be important to note that they had first option to take this drug addicted baby and they refused. None	Family Questions	Texas
Is tax calculated if I sell small corporation for lump sum? A party wants to buy my small corporation for a lump sum. Is the tax calculated if I sell?	Tax Questions	Rhode Island
How can veteran sue wife and regain dog? I am in the military and I am going through a divorce. While I was in Iraq, my wife spent all my money and had an affair. I would like to sue her for 1/3 of the money I made overseas. She also took one of my dogs and I would like it back. What cant I do?	Family Questions	Oregon
Is it legal to be forced to work 12 hours a night 7 days a week? Is it legal to be forced to work 12 hours a night 7 days a week?	Employment Questions	Georgia
How much time does a landlord have to give a tenant to vacate premises? How much time does a landlord have to give a tenant to vacate premises in Colorado after serving an eviction notice?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
What can I do if my truck was towed illegally but I can&#39;t afford to get it back? My truck was towed and I believe it was towed illegally. I can't afford to get it back. What can I do?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Legal if an agency had a contract that did not protect us but the buyers only? In the state of Colorado - dual agency is not legal however our real estate agent brought to us a buyer she was also representing.  The contract stated we had 2 weeks to close and get out of our house.  When we realized that was not mentally or physically possible we were told the only way we could get out was to terminate the contract.  So we did, less than 3 business days.  Now the buyer is suing us for $300 saying that is what she paid to have an attorney look over the contract.  After having a professional read over our contract we learned that the agent did not have a contract where she protected us.  She only protected the buyers.  Is that legal and do I have a way out of paying the $300?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
In a condo who owns the storage units and how are they supposed to be distributed fairly? In a condo who owns the storage units and how are they supposed to be distributed fairly?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it legal in Georgia for city police to have road blocks in a residential neighborhood? Is it legal in Georgia for city police to have road blocks in a residential neighborhood?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Are there any options in canceling our Direct TV subscription? I just got direct TV 3 days ago and do not like the service at all. We called and offered them $100 to cancel services and they refused and said we would have to pay $480. Any options?	Consumer Questions	New York
Is it legal to use &quot;free&quot; SKYPE for dependency/juvenile court interviews, evaluations, counseling, etc. of out of town children? Is it legal to use "free" SKYPE for dependency/juvenile court  interviews, evaluations, counseling, etc. of out of town children?If yes, what are the legal guidelines, especially regarding privacy issues?Governments appear to always require the most expensive   process of those least able to afford it?Thank you.	Employment Questions	Florida
Can legal actions be dismissed before the court hearing if the person filing changes their mind? Can legal actions be dismissed before the court hearing if the person filing changes their mind?	Family Questions	Georgia
I&#39;m facing a foreclosure hearing in a few weeks. I believe my modification was determined using the wrong income amount? Is there anything I can do? I did contact Bank Of America. I didn&#39;t get much help from them at all.	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Ohio
What is the legal definition of &quot;Lack of payment&quot;? What is the legal definition of "Lack of payment"? I have a contract to sale a car for 3300 dollars and states that " Lack of payment" for a period of 60 days will void the contract. In court, would lack of payment be considered?	Consumer Questions	California
What form do we need to file a petition to amend a  Marriage Certificate? what form do we need to file a petition to amend a marriage certificate? We got married 15 years ago in Florida but last month we went to Peru (my wife's country of origin). She had to care of a family transaction and they said the maiden of her mother was not entered on the certificate. They requested that she amend the marriage certificate so they could proceed with the family transaction.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How do I get my name of a car loan that is in my name and my other half&#39;s name off? How do I get my name of a car loan that is in my name and my other half's name? He is driving it and has gone through the Illinois tollway hundreds of times without paying and it has gone to a collection agency and has ruined my credit. I can prove it is not my vehicle and that I do not drive it.	Consumer Questions	Illinois
What can my father do to protect his house after being served a civil suit? Dad has been served civil suit.  He is scared he will lose his house.  What can he do to protect it?  He lives in GA	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What can I do if my aunt has not sent money to my children&#39;s colleges if their late grandmother left an education trust? My kid's grandmother passed away and left an education trust.  Their aunt has not sent any of the money to their colleges. What can I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
If I give up my parental rights, do I still have to pay child support? If I give up my parental rights, do I still have to pay child support?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Illegal for employer to hold paycheck cause you haven&#39;t submitted your timesheet? Is it illegal for your employer to hold your paycheck because you haven't submitted your timesheet online? its on the program but not submitted.	Employment Questions	Illinois
What are the guidelines for someone to get an abuse prevention order against someone else? What are the guidelines for someone to get an abuse prevention order (G.L.C.209A) against someone else?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Question regarding a car accident when my friend drove the car when she only had a license? Yesterday I wasn't feeling well so I asked my friend to drive my car down the street to her house. We got hit by another car and it was their fault because they ran a red light. The problem: my friend only had a permit and no one was 21. Now they are threatening to sue my father because he owns the car. I don't understand why when the accident wasn't even her fault?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can we collect the 18 years of back child support? When my son was 3 we lived in Delaware and we had a agreed upon child support amount that was court ordered but he never paid. My son is now 22 and we live in Pennsylvania. Can we collect the 18 years of back child support?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there anything illegal about my wife&#39;s dentist practice? My wife is a dentist. She was hired to be an associate dentist in a small practice. After working there for 9 months straight out of school she was given a written "final" warning yesterday stating that she is considered day by day now because she made a mistake in someone's tooth during a procedure. Now she feels as if she has no control over her position and she asked to meet with the owner today and he told her if she does good today he will see her Monday and if she does good Monday then she can continue Tuesday etc. This is not a fair working environment in our eyes and we just started paying back $250,000 in school loans last month. Is there anything illegal about these actions being taken? We moved our whole life down to a new state.	Employment Questions	South Carolina
Help in solving my custody case when my ex wants to move 24 away from me? I am in the middle of a terrible custody case right now. I basically have one issue hindering my side. My husband has kidnapped our child and moved in his girlfriend and her kids. He has our daughter refer to them as mom, sisters, parents and her family. He talks badly about me in front of them all and he coaches her and drills the above in her head. He has hindered every chance of visitation I have and he is requesting to move 24 hrs away ( already lives 13 hrs away due to being in the army). But now he is out and all our daughter's family lives where I am in PA. There is no family in Oklahoma except his girlfriends. This will make things harder on my daughter more than anything yet it probably will be granted b/c I temporarily lost my visitation.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my boss require a doctor&#39;s note if I am sick for a day? Can my boss require a doctor's note if I am sick for a day?	Employment Questions	Florida
What steps do I take to try to be reimbursed for my trip which I had to end early? I am a single female US citizen who just returned from a trip to Jamaica with my 3 children.  While there I experienced inappropriate behavior by a male hotel employee who repeatedly called me and told me he wanted to marry me, and harassed me in other ways while at the hotel.  What steps do I take to try to be reimbursed for my trip which I had to end early due to the stress imposed by this man on my trip?	Family Questions	California
Am I correct that under labor law, companies must pay unused vacation time? I was terminated on May 23rd, 2012. I received my last paycheck and i am owed 2 weeks vacation pay. The company says its not their policy to pay unused vacation time. I feel it is owed to me under NYS labor law. Am I correct?	Employment Questions	New York
When are holiday pay? When are holiday pay?	Employment Questions	California
I am thinking of running away and want to know what would happen legally? I am thinking of running away and want to know what would happen legally?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Am I giving up all my rights to the money if he places all the money in his name? My question refers to my husband getting his annuity early due to no work for a year with boilermaker's union. We have been married 19 years and he wants me to sign a consent form that says I give consent for him to place all the money in an IRA account, that is only in his name. Am I giving up all my rights to this money if I do that? What if we do split up in the future, will have rights to it then? If I sign this consent?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can someone already divorced their ex from the country where they got married? Can someone already divorced their ex (4years ago) from the country where they got married and seek to divorce her again if they are in another country? Also, are they obligated to sign any papers which one party sends to  the other with inaccurate $ amounts alleging that they earn monthly when they are not even working?	Family Questions	California
What are call in labor laws for Pennsylvania? What are call in labor laws for Pennsylvania?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I&#39;m having problems with a product from a company and they won&#39;t let me return it? I bought an $850 pool cleaning robot for my vacation rental on Tybee Island.  The pool is only about 6'x12' and 4.5' deep.  The cleaner I was talked into is way too much robot for my small dipping pool.  I was told that I could bring it back if it didn't work out and to make sure I kept my receipt.  This company does maintenance and repair for my pool and jacuzzi on occasion, and I currently owe them about $200 for a recent visit, plus I need about $200 in supplies.  They won't let me return the robot and are saying that since it has been in the water, I have no recourse.  I told them that I would accept a restocking fee or a store credit, but they're not budging.  What should I do?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Question about withdrawing 401K? If I withdrew my 401k asking the financial co to withold 30%, and now realize 20% requirement was more than enough, given my expected bracket for this year, can I ask them to take it to 20% after the fact and send a check for the difference?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal to stand on the sidewalk to help a bus ministry at church? Is it legal to stand on the sidewalk and when the light turns red start asking for spare change to help a bus ministry at church?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Do we have squatter&#39;s rights or adverse possession? My mother in law sold us a mobile home that is sitting on her land. 12 years ago we homesteaded the home and paid taxes on it and filled out no paper work on it.  We have maintained not only our part, but a lot of the whole place.  She built my husband a shop and everything.  This was all verbal and we have paid for septic well parts and lots of stuff.  Now my sister in law wants us gone. Do we have squatters rights or adverse possession.  This is in Texas.	Real Estate Questions	Texas
What is it meant by do an in-depth submission of a case? What is it meant by do an in-depth submission of a case?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can an  employer make you wear a uniform if they do not provide it for you? Can an  employer make you wear a uniform if they do not provide it for you?	Employment Questions	Georgia
How long do I wait for employer to inform about reassignment? I work as a security guard and yesterday at 12:20pm (I start my post at 11:00 am) my employer showed up at my post stating that there has been numerous complaints as to my abilities to guard properly and that I could I pack up and leave the post. Then I  was asked to report to the main office to be reassigned. I left my post as told, went to the office and waited the remainder of the day to be reassigned or even spoken to. It's now exactly 24 hours after I was asked to leave my post and still no word from my employer and I have called them. How long do I wait before this is considered being fired? How long can they keep me without reassigning me before I can file for unemployment?	Employment Questions	California
How much will I have to pay in alimony if I divorced after 5 months? How much will I have to pay in alimony if I divorced after 5 months?	Family Questions	Florida
What is considered full-time? What is considered full-time?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can we pursue filing for bankruptcy if my brother has been unemployed for 2 years? My brother has been unemployed for the past 2 years and I am wondering if we can pursue filing for bankruptcy? His only asset is his car which is paid off.  He has about $30,000 in credit card debt.  What are the options?	Consumer Questions	California
Is there a law in Indiana against using city streets to bypass stoplight on a highway? Is there a law in Indiana against using city streets to bypass stoplight on a highway.??	Personal Injury Questions	Indiana
Is it legal for ex to keep me away on my visitation weekend? I live in Georgia and got divorced 2 years ago. My ex is threatening to keep my children away from me on my visitation weekend. Can she do this legally and where can I find the law that states it's illegal if it is? Thanks	Family Questions	Georgia
When layoffs are announced, can the company put a freeze on you using your sick time? When layoffs are announced, can the company put a freeze on you using your sick time?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Do I have any right if I signed a lease for an apartment and they got $600 and want $900 more? I signed a lease for an apartment on March 14, 2012 and called back the next morning saying I didn't need it. They got $600 from me & want 900 more. Do I have any right?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
If I file for divorce can my wife keep me from selling our house? If I file for divorce (no kids involved) can my wife keep me from selling our house?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Does the State of California have a &quot;show up time&quot; in their Labor Law? Does the State of California have a "show up time" in their Labor Law? i.e.; If a person shows up at work for a scheduled shift and starts work and after 1 hour is told by management the company was cutting hours for the day and was told to leave.  Is the person entitled to any additional "show up time"? ../ Say 2 hours pay for "showing up" for work.	Employment Questions	California
If I get fired from my job, what are some reasons I wouldn&#39;t qualify for unemployment? If I get fired from my job, what are some reasons I wouldn't qualify for unemployment?	Employment Questions	California
What&#39;s the legal age of independence from parents? What's the legal age of independence from parents?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
How many hours must I work in Michigan per day to get lunch deducted? How many hours must I work in Michigan per day to get lunch deducted? My boss says six.	Employment Questions	Texas
Is there any law saying you have to work 7 days a week and hour days? In GA, is there any law saying you have to work 7 days a week and hour days?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What can I do if my employer is taking too long to pay me? What can I do if my employer is taking too long to pay me or gives me checks with no funds?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can an employee not get earned bonus if they don&#39;t work there? In Illinois - can an employer not pay a earned bonus if the employee is no longer employed at the time the bonus is paid.ie - Worked January-March - to earn bonus - however, was let go prior to bonus being paid out at the end of April.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Who has legal custody if the parents are married but separated waiting for court dare? In California, who has legal custody if the parents are married but separated waiting for court dare?	Family Questions	California
Can a deposit on an automobile be considered non-refundable cause a document says it is? can a deposit on an automobile be considered non-refundable just because a piece of paper says it is? If so, is there any defense against a non-refundable deposit? Especially if the business engages in deceptive practices.	Consumer Questions	Florida
Does FL real estate have &quot;option to buy?&quot; Does FL real estate have "option to buy?"	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
Is there as state law regarding visitor sign-in on a privately owned island? Is there as state law or regulation regarding visitor sign-in on a privately owned island? It operates under a conservation easement administered by the Maine Coastal Islands National Wildlife Refuge under the US Fish and Wildlife Service.  Viz.- Smuttynose Island at the Isles of Shoals, Maine	Personal Injury Questions	Massachusetts
Unable to pay bill for cancelling service. I am 6 mos. unemployed, lost my house & my car. Now I'm facing a $937 bill for cancelling Verizon wireless. They offered to settle for $750 but only if I pay it all in 45 days, which is impossible. My credit is already shot. Should I just wait to settle with the collection agency?How do I also get the best deal?	Consumer Questions	Kansas
what do I do to keep my children? He filled for a DNA test to be done and it came back his, but I'm refiling to have a retake because the court didn't know they were brothers. Would that be a smart thing and how do I do that? He is also saying he is going to take her away from me what should I do?	Family Questions	Ohio
What is the law for time of day you are supposed to have your headlights on? What is the law for time of day you are supposed to have your headlights on?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can a principal discharge a student from school entirely? Can a principal discharge a student from school entirely?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
If I take a part-time job  and collect partial unemployment, is it worth it?? i am currently collecting unemployment benefits. If I take a part time job making  $15 hr with SSI, Workmens Comp, and tax deductions and collect partial unemployment, is it worth working this type of job?  My last job I worked 40 hour work weeks. This job will only be 15 hr work weeks.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal to have to pay both mileage and gas while working as a caretaker and being self-employed? Is it legal to have to pay both mileage and gas while working as a caretaker and being self-employed?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Can I sue the man who harassed me and his company that he represents? I was harassed in front of a witness at work by a volunteer worker.  Can I sue the man and the company he represents?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Will I be forced to pay all my husband&#39;s high debts if he ever dies? Will I be forced to pay all husband's high debts if he ever dies?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How much will it cost me if I wanted spousal support after 18 years of marriage? My husband left me after 18 years of marriage. How much will it cost me if I wanted spouse support?	Family Questions	New York
Can I collect more social security as a disability if I had 2 lung cancer surgeries? I had 2 lung cancer surgeries. Can I collect more social security as a disability?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What are employers&#39; responsibilities when reporting of stress and need help? What are employers' responsibilities when a worker reports that they are overly stressed with workload and they need help?	Employment Questions	California
How far can employers go back on a background check? How far can  employers go back on a background check?	Employment Questions	Florida
if you have made a payment and made a new contract with a creditor do the creditor still have a right to garnishment of wages before next payment is due is this double judgement? if you have made a payment and made a new contract with a creditor do the creditor still have a right to garnishment of wages before next payment is due is this double judgement?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Would I be entitled to claim the holiday entitlement that I never did from the agency for the 12 years I was within the contract? Hi I have just been going through some paperwork and found my original contract to the agency I was using as a contractor up until January 2011. In that contract it stated that I was entitled to 3 weeks holiday pay from them. I was informed by my colleagues at the client that I was not entitled to holiday pay as I as a contractor. I worked through a limited company with this contract for 12 years. Would I be entitled to claim the holiday entitlement that I never did from the agency for the 12 years I was within the contract?	Family Questions	08
Is it legal for the landlord to make the new renter pay an unpaid balance from the previous renter? I am moving to a new house next week. We are renting it. When I called the water company for that address to see what was needed, they told me that other than the deposit, I would have to pay any unpaid balance from whoever lived there before me. Even though it's not linked to my name or social they said its linked to address and I would be responsible. I don't understand how this is legal in any way. Please help.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
By law can the landlord evict me on such short notice? I live in Michigan and I have untill 2/17/12 to pay my past due rent or see legal procedings for eviction. My landlord just told me they can post a note on the door over the weekend and within 24 hours put my stuff by the curb. By law can they do that on such short notice?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How long does spousal support have to be paid? How long does spousal support have to be paid?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
how do I get a fee wavier for the respondent form of a Petition for Dissolution of Marriage because I am not working at this time. My husband is divorcing me. We have no children and no property. I need to know how do I get a fee wavier for the respondent form of a Petition for Dissolution of Marriage because I am not working at this time?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
How long can an employer use a temporary worker from a temp agency? How long can an employer use a temporary worker from a temp agency?	Employment Questions	New York
Under what conditions can an employer forfeit a volunteer&#39;s allowance? Under what conditions does an employer have the right to forfeit an volunteers allowance?	Employment Questions	Michigan
I received a letter from DFAS telling me my former spouse payments have stopped after 34 years, for an order served prior to my order. There was a letter signed by me asking for some of his retirement pay prior to my divorce settlement. How do get my payments again?	Family Questions	Virginia
How long will it take for me to start receiving child support payments? I live in Jackson, MI. How long will it take for me to start receiving child support payments?	Family Questions	Texas
What are the rules for attendance in school for children in Louisiana? What are the rules for attendance in school for children in Louisiana?	Family Questions	Louisiana
How do I find a legal encyclopedia? How do I find a legal encyclopedia?	Contract Questions	Georgia
is renting a room in your house the same laws as renting a house or apt? is renting a room in your house the same laws as renting a house or apt?	Real Estate Questions	California
What are the laws regarding eviction notices if I just visit my boyfriend? I recently moved out of my boyfriends mobile home that he owns, but pays rent towards the land.  The landlord then stated that I was no longer allowed on the property or in the park and threatened to kick out my boyfriend if I am found on or in the home.  I have damaged nothing, helped pay rent & utilities, had no quarrels with the owner, etc. Does he need a restraining order against me? What are the laws regardingtenant eviction notices, I.e. time to vacate the property?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Can I file a lien? I am a sub contractor and I would like to file a lien on a contractor for non payment. The contractor's response was "go ahead I will bond your lien, put the money is escrow and bond it late." My question is can I put a lien on his bond, if so what affects will happen to the contractor?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can the city make the full time employee pay for their own medical insurance? If a person is employed by the city, and that's person has full benefits. Can the benefits be taken away? Can the city make the full time employee pay for their own medical insurance?	Employment Questions	California
Are the products mine to keep if  I did not order either one but seller states they were ordered in my name? I received 2 lap top computers addressed to me at my home address.  I did not order either one but seller states they were ordered in my name.  Are they mine to keep?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
How many hours per day are employers allowed to make their employees work? How many hours per day are employers allowed to make their employees work?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can a jury find negligence in their verdict and you can still loose the case? Can a jury find negligence in their verdict and you can still loose the case?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
I pay child support at $1000.00 month in New York State. I am on temporary disability 3 months. My ex has agreed to lower payments for 40% for 3 months. However, when I am back to work in 3 months she expects to receive that 40% that wasn&#39;t paid to be paid back. What should I do?	Family Questions	New York
Can I be entitled to money if I&#39;m the insured driver not car owner? If I'm the insured driver of a vehicle that was given to me by my father. The insurance company sends him the check because he's the registered owner of the car. Am I entitled to any money issued due to the fact that I'm the one driving the vehicle?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
Can an employee refuse to allow the employer to audio tape a meeting? I have been told that an employee can refuse to sign a formal written notice, but can they refuse to allow the employer to audio tape a meeting with them when the employer feels they are not being honest and they are trying to set it up to sue?	Employment Questions	California
Does my landlord have to give me 90 days for eviction if the old landlord was foreclosed? My old landlord was foreclosed on and the new landlord wants to evict me and is giving me 30 day notice. Does my landlord have to give me 90 days?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Legal after a worker comes back from disability that the she&#39;s in another position with 1/2 of her pay? A 64.5 yr. old hispanic woman has worked for a large health system for 24.5 years.  She becomes ill and is on disability for several months.  Her job has a 3 month job guarantee.  When she returns to work, the boss tells her that the department has been reorganized and that her she will be put into another position for 1/2 her pay.  Is this legal?  What should she do.	Employment Questions	New York
Can my sister keep me out or does she have to remove me from the lease after I signed it? I signed a commercial lease with my sister. She fronted all the money for the business. She dealt with all the details, she would never give me any info.  She told others it was her business until I paid money.  We signed a lease she can not get along with anyone, she not trust worthy, wants me to pay the remainder of the lease while she goes into business there, but I can not have my retail in there.  Can she keep me out?  Or does she have to remove me from the lease?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Legal if I am a salaried employee and they require me to work 50 hrs a week? I work in the state of Delaware. I am a salaried employee and they require me to work 50 hrs a week. Is that legal?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Is it legal for employer to fire his/her employee while he/she receives workers compensation? Is it legal for employer to fire his/her employee while he/she receives workers compensation?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can a public school make boys wear belts and not girls? Can a public school make boys wear belts and not girls?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Do I have to pay my attorney if he fails to file a timely petition that causes me to lose the case? Do I have to pay my attorney if he fails to file a timely petition that causes me to lose the case?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is the tenant required to pay rent on an apartment during the period of relocation? In NYC, if a landlord needs to relocate a tenant while repairs on being made on a hazardous condition of the apartment, such as advanced mold contamination, is the tenant required to pay rent on that apartment during the period of relocation?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What do I need to do to register a business name? What do I need to do to register a business name?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Options if I want to get out of the contract that I signed with my realtor in order to lease my house? I want to get out of the contract that I signed with my realtor in order to lease my house using a property management company. What are my options?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
Is A Manager allowed to fire me without calling to let me know they fired me? Is A Manager allowed to fire me without calling to let me know they fired me?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If both parents are deceased, where would the child go: on the fathers side or the mothers side? If both parents are deceased, where would the child go: on the fathers side or the mothers side?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Is it illegal and unlawful to record a conversation without other party being aware of it? In state of PA, is it illegal and unlawful to record a conversation without other party being aware of it?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I get out of my new contract if my late grandfather has a rent-free house? I live in Florida. I re signed my rental lease 2 for another year. My grandfather passed away 5 days and now I want to live in his house rent free. Can I get out of my new contract?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Will the child support company take money from my ex&#39;s unemployment? My ex-husband has been paying child support for about a year now.  He told me that he was fired from his job. How will I get my court ordered checks now?  Will the child support company take money from his unemployment?  Who contacts the unemployment office?  Do I have to contact the child support company or does he?	Family Questions	Illinois
How do I legally get out of a contract that I signed stating that as a nurse I can not work for a client for six months for another company after leaving my current nursing agency? How do I legally get out of a contract that I signed stating that as a nurse I can not work for a client for six months for another company after leaving my current nursing agency?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
When is it mandatory to refund a customer when services are rendered due to dissatisfaction of services when no contract as been signed? When is it mandatory to refund a customer when services are rendered due to dissatisfaction of services when no contract as been signed? Example would be bootcamps or makeovers.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Does a religiously exempt daycare operating in Virginia have to pay overtime to employees who work more than 40 hours? Does a religiously exempt daycare operating in Virginia have to pay overtime to employees who work more than 40 hours?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How would I get out of paying this bill that I should not owe? A phone company supplied me with internet through an aircard for my laptop.  When I signed up, it was posted to be unlimited and even the rep told me it wouldn't and couldn't ever change until I changed the plan myself.  Later, reps (via phone and in their stores) also told me that I was lucky to have that plan and it still would never change unless I cancelled my plan.  They even used the term 'grandfathered in'.  Over 15 reps around the country (I travel for a living) have stated this. Then boom, the cell company changed my plan, without notice, and said they could at any time since it was their contract, their plan and had no way to reverse it.  Now they're billing me for canceling my contract.  How do I sue? Or get out of their bill?	Contract Questions	New York
What is the minimum pay rate in GA? What is the minimum pay rate in GA?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Georgia
To start a strictly online resale store with donations from the public, do I have to be a nonprofit? I want to start a strictly online resale store with donations from the public. I have no clue where to start. I believe I would have to be a nonprofit organization, but are there are legalities I would have to consider being an e-store only?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Hawaii
When does my child support end when they turn 18? My daughter is 16 in 11th grade and she will be graduating next year. At 17 she does not plan on going to college. She wont turn 18 until October 30, 2013. I would like to know when my child support will end.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Rhode Island
Shouldn&#39;t I be paid for the full week since I am a salaried employee? I am a salaried administrator in a scheduling department of electrical testing company.  I was let go this morning, reason "employee at will". 6 months with the company, no formal training & no reviews as outline in company handbook. No severance or health insurance.  I worked    6-23 & 6-24-12, they only paid me for 2 days this week.  Shouldn't I be paid for the full week since I am a salaried employee?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can I go for full custody and win? I am separated from my husband for almost three years but haven't had the money to get a divorce. We have two children together & I live with my now boyfriend of two years. I have a stable job a dependable vehicle and my license. However, my husband doesn't have a job a vehicle or a license. As of now we have joint legal custody but he has residential custody I can get visitation on Sundays. Can I go for full custody and win?	Family Questions	Virginia
How long does my mother have to cancel the lease? My mother has just signed a lease on a house. How long does she have to cancel the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
Do I have a case if my husband died of a heart attack and the doctor knew about his previous history? My husband died of massive heart attack. The doctor saw him 3 days prior and went in complaining of chest pain, upset stomach, throwing up, right shoulder pain, shortness of breath, and needed a nap every day. Doctor prescribed prilosec, and gave him 4 shots of steroids in right shoulder for pain. Doctor knew about previous history of heart attacks in all men on father's side. He had a ekg less than 1 year ago, showed possible blockage on left side, medical records contradict themselves. Do you think I would have a case?	Personal Injury Questions	Oregon
Do I still wait 30 days for my Refund? Hello, my situation involves saw property prior to moving in example saw Monday. Moved in Friday.  No walk threw sheet was available so I created one. Paid all except $87.10 to $1287.10 requested to move. With in first three days water leak from behind the wall in to Kitchen and hall bathroom.  No emergency assistance. I was told it was checked prior to my move in no problems. As far as property being cleaned to general stands the toilets where never touched. I put in notice to vacate via text message. Return the keys on tomorrow the 14th was in on the 6th. Do I still wait 30 days for my Refund?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How can I break a lease in which there is continual domestic violence among cohabitants? I am 6 months pregnant and my husband and I are renting a home with another couple. The other couple fights all the time and it has escallated to physical violence on a number of occasions including destruction of the property i.e. holes in walls, broken doors, busted windows. Is there any way to break our part of the lease legally to get out of an unsafe living situation? He has pinned me between a door frame trying to get to her. The cops have been called on numerous occasions at least 5 times in the past 2 months.	Real Estate Questions	Maryland
Since there are photographs of me what am I legally allowed to ask the photographer to give me? Hi, I had pictures taken but a photographer a couple weeks ago. I did not sign any papers but did pay her for her service. She took lots of pictures but I only received 5 in return. I asked her for more and she said she would and could but has not communicated with me since. I asked her if she couldn't get me more edited copies that I wanted her to email me the unedited photos and she won't do that. I was just wondering since they are photographs of me what am I legally allowed to ask her to give me? I am so mad that I did not get a decent amount of pictures and was told since I didn't sign anything that I could have any of the pictures she took edited or not but wanted to make sure this was correct.	Consumer Questions	California
Do they give time for me to get clean after failing a drug test so I don&#39;t lose a chance at obtaining custody of my step daughter and daughter? I fail a court ordered drug test in my wife's custody battle.   Do they give time for me to get clean so I don't lose a chance at obtaining custody of my step daughter and daughter?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can the landlord raise rent without notice? I rent a room in a private residence, we agreed upon $100.00 a week in writing. Can he raise rent without notice?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I get income deduction for my awarded judgement if they already have child support coming out of their pay? I was awarded judgement and they still won't pay. Can I get income deduction for it if they already have child support coming out of their pay?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If a parent has full custody of a child, what age can the child be able to pick who they live with? If a parent has full custody of a child, what age can the child be able to pick who they live with?	Family Questions	Nevada
What can I do to enforce my late mother&#39;s wishes when my family is threatening me? My mother recently passed away and I'm her Executor and Have POA over all aspects of her life, financial, banking, and collecting debts. Now my family is threatening me as I kept my Mother's remains and my family is threatening me. What can I do to enforce her wishes?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Does the maintenance company have the right to do work on my apt or should I give them permission to enter without me? I need work done in my apt. However, because I won't okay maintenance to enter without anyone being home, they won't do it on my days off or set a appt. day or time. I don't know if they have the right to do this or should I give them permission to enter?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
Why shouldn&#39;t the mother be responsible for a portion of the existing support or a contribution of her own? I am the Father of a 14-year-old daughter with Downs Syndrome.  I have  barely missed a  payment or arrears in 2 years. The Mother has not been the custodial parent in 2 years. I have paid all arrears owed to her. My daughter now is in the custody of the maternal Grandfather who is the recipient of her state benefits, in addition to child support payments. My question is, why shouldn't the mother be responsible for a portion of the existing support or a contribution of her own ?	Family Questions	Florida
Assistance with an upgrade of a discharge in order that I may receive my disability claim? I Need assistance with an upgrade of a discharge in order that I may receive my disability claim?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
What would be considered discrimination at work? What would be considered discrimination at work?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is there case for FMLA if no FMLA papers signed? Do I have a case for FMLA since I have not signed any papers for FMLA?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How many days does a buyer have to cancel a contract? How many days does a buyer have to cancel a contract?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What do I do to see that my wife can stay there and assume the mortgage when the house is only in my name? I own a house which still has a mortgage on it. I have been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer, I am married but the house is only in my name, what do I do to see that my wife can stay there and assume the mortgage, both of are credit is shot from medical bills	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
Can you name a phone in a song lyric? Can you name a phone in a song lyric? As in Blackberry?	Employment Questions	California
How long to be qualified for maternity leave? I am being written up at work for absences. I'm 5 months pregnant and every absence I have brought a doctor's note. My company says that will not save my job and I will be fired if it keeps happening. What can I do? And also I started working for my company in August of 2011 and got hired on February 2012. I was told that I have to be hired on for a year to be elegible for maternity leave, is that true? Thank you	Employment Questions	Georgia
What job categories are legal to put on salary? What job categories are legal to put on salary?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Am I responsible for further damages? I had an accident in my truck. I do not have full coverage insurance so I took the truck to my dealership. It was a simple request to remove a piece of fiberglass plastic the was rubbing against my tire. The dealer decided to use his own method of fixing the issue and the result made the problem worse. Now the dealer is trying to make me pay $100 to fix the problem he made worse. Am I responsible to pay for further damages they made towards my truck?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Can the eviction be stopped? I have been served for an Eviction. I had paid the money owed on my rent and they refused to accept. What are my rights and can this eviction be stopped?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can an employer make you take a lunch while you are on a plane traveling for business? Can an employer make you take a lunch while you are on a plane traveling for business?	Employment Questions	California
Can the accountant be held reliable for the amount that is owed? i have filed chapter 13 bankruptcy and a certain amount is supposed to be deducted from my check weekly.  The accountant that is supposed to do this is  court ordered to and for the past couple of weeks they have not been deducting it.  i called to let them know this and they said because of months with 5 weeks in them I was ahead so i have a free couple of weeks.  well now I am behind because of them and my question is can the accountant be held reliable for the amount that is owed?	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
Is it a violation of any rights for your boss to gather workers for &quot;bible&quot; study? Is it a violation of any rights for your boss to gather workers for "bible" study? She read Psalms and cried.	Employment Questions	Florida
Can my husband pick his child up from their house since they have no custody agreement in order? My husband has a son from a previous relationship and the mother of his child said we can't have him this weekend even though we have him EVERY weekend. She is going off to party through the weekend as she normally does- she is taking him to her parent's house. By rights, can my husband pick his child up from their house since they have no custody agreement in order?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How do I file for temporary custody? How do I file for temporary custody?	Family Questions	Tennessee
Does documentation need to be given when a person is sent home on unpaid suspension? Does documentation need to be given when a person is sent home on unpaid suspension?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can they keep my prescriptions so I cannot go to another pharmacy? I wanted to have all my prescriptions transferred from one pharmacy to another due to receiving constant poor service. The new pharmacy called to current one to get the list of medications and they refused to give them the list because they said I owed them money from a charge account, which I have been paying monthly payments on and still plan on keeping the payments going even though I'm transferring everything. I felt this was totally unprofessional as well as invading my privacy rights. Can they do this? Can they keep my prescriptions so I cannot go to another pharmacy?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Who has the responsibility of painting: the landlord or the tenant? Who has the responsibility of painting: the landlord or the tenant?  The tenant has lived on the property for over fifteen years and it has never been painted.  What is the ruling on this?  The person is in the Washington DC area.	Real Estate Questions	District of Columbia
Does mother have automatic child custody if she and father never wed? If I am a mother to a two month old son in state of Tennessee, do I automatically have custody of my son? The father and I were never married.	Family Questions	Tennessee
Can my mother-in-law take my vehicle from me as co buyer when I pay for everything dealing with the vehicle? Can my mother-in-law take my vehicle from me as co buyer when I pay for everything dealing with the vehicle?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What recourse do the employees have if the payroll company can&#39;t come to a decision of paying us? I work at a company that is co-owned by a brother and sister. They are constantly fighting and trying to run the other one out of the business. The latest situation is with the payroll company. The owners can't reach an agreement on who should have access to all finacial information and the payroll company won't do our checks until the issue is resolved. What recourse do the employees have? As it stands, we have been told by the owners that we won't get paid this week.	Employment Questions	New York
What steps should I take to ensure a person is out of my home if they don&#39;t pay rent? i have an individual staying in my home, he was never asked to pay rent, does not pay rent, there is no lease.  The "tenancy" was to be short term, a couple of months, but now it has been approximately 9 months.  I am providing this individual with a 30-day notice to vacate the premises; however, what if the individual refuses, what steps should I take to ensure this person is out of my home?  I live in Virginia.	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
If divorced stay at home mom, will I get child support and rent paid? I'm a stay at home mom. If I get a divorce, can my child be raised by me and not child's father?  If so,  will the child's father give me child support money and pay for renting the house where my child and I stay?	Family Questions	California
Wrong for an employer to not give a raise because an employee has childcare issues? Is it wrong for an employer to not give a raise because an employee has childcare issues and can't work as late as the employer would like? The employee typically works 8 and a half hours a day. The employee was told to hire a nanny to pick up her child from daycare in order that she be able to stay later.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the difference between an exempt manager and a non-exempt manager? What is the difference between an exempt manager and a non-exempt manager? I am a store manager and i do 85% manual labor and 15% administrative. Would that make me a non-exempt?	Employment Questions	Florida
Is the online do-it-yourself divorce really effective and accurate? Is the online do-it-yourself divorce really effective and accurate? My wife and I getting ready to file & were 100% agreement on everything. We are looking at uncontested divorce and want it to be quick and easy without costing a lot of money.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	South Carolina
Will the back support and the legal ramifications be dropped if my ex-wife&#39;s current husband does in fact adopt the children? my ex wife would like her current husband to adopt my children. I  owe back support and I have been charged with neglect of a dependent due to this. Will the back support and the legal ramifications be dropped if he does in fact adopt the children?	Family Questions	Indiana
Do I have to appear in court for a landlord tenant dispute when lease states the cosigner is responsible? Hello my name is Ashley. I'm wondering why i have to appear in court for a landlord tenant dispute when my lease states the cosigner is responsible and what could happen if I don't attend court?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Being a guardian do I let parents visit any time? I have temporary guardianship of a child. Do I have to let her parents pick her up for visitations anytime they want?	Family Questions	California
Do I have a right to collect for my son if I received a summons and complaint from Child Support? I have my son and my ex has my daughter. We have joint legal and physical custody recently my son moved in with me.  I received a summons and complaint from Child Support to collect for my daughter.  Do I have a right to collect for my son?  He is collecting financial assistance so I'm not sure if I can even request child support back since I have one child and he has one child.	Family Questions	California
How do I file for wrongful termination? How do I file for wrongful termination?	Employment Questions	Colorado
What are my chances of continuing my unemployment? I am on unemployment and I was offered a job and declined, because the salary was too low and I would lose 12 hours a month from my part time job.The state looked over the issue and settled in my favor.Now the county where I was offered the job is appealing the states decision and would like me to appear before a referee.What are my chances of continuing my unemployment and do you have any suggestions?Thank you	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there a way I can get an extension to move? I live in a house where my name isn't on the lease and the person who's name is on the lease just moved and the lawyer gave me an eviction in one week. Is their a way I can get an extension to move? I also have 4 children.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a company have an orientation for six hours and not pay you? Can a company have an orientation for six hours and not pay you without telling you before hand?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What can happen if my ex changes the name on the title and sold the truck that was supposed to be mine? In divorce papers. I am to get the truck and she took it changed the name on the title and sold it. What can happen to her? Is there anything that i can do?	Family Questions	Tennessee
Legal to get fired for not having experience but hired knowingly? Can you get fired for not having enough experience but was hired knowing that you were not?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What is the fastest legal way to get tenants out if their lease expired already? The yearly lease expired May 1. I want this tenant and family out asap. I live in Florida. What is the fastest legal way to get them out? I will not under any circumstances re-rent to them. They are a month behind and if I give them the 3 day notice they may pay and I would still be stuck. The husband is the only person on the lease.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
If my husband passes before me would I still be able to receive his disability check? My husband of 36 years has MS and has been on SS Disability for 10 years and receives a check each month. He hid his symptoms for quite some time but when they kicked in he got sick very fast and received his disability on the first try. If he passes before me would I still be able to receive his disability check?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
How can I get wages owed to me from Intergrated Asset Service (IAS). Co in Denver CO? They owe me $265.00 for 3 BPO&#39;s (Drive by Appraisal) dating back to June, 2011? I have contacted them over &amp; over &amp; they say I will get my money soon, still have not received any money.	Employment Questions	Arkansas
Is there anything I can do to prevent my mother from taking me out of the Academy? I am in the Academy of Information Technology and Robotics at Spruce Creek High School. My mother wants to take me out of the Academy even though it is the best thing for me in order to get into College. Is there anything I can do to prevent her from taking me out of the Academy? What are my options? What are my rights?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What is the legal down time for a CDL driver that drives a garbage truck? What is the legal down time for a CDL driver that drives a garbage truck in FL?	Employment Questions	Texas
Am I eligible for spousal support after a year and a half? Am I eligible for spousal support after a year and a half?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Question about single family residence rental property? In Antioch, Tenesee, for a single family residence rental property, if the tenant breaks the lease and the property manager retains the security deposit as damages, are the property managers allowed to take their management fees for the remainder of the lease term before releasing the security deposit to the property owner?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can the Georgia medical debtors now come to me for collection based on the fact that I am a Florida homeowner and put a lien on the property? My husband passed away 6 months ago.  There was no estate but I was left with large medical bills.  According to Georgia law I am not responsible for payment of these bills.  My son now wants to buy me a condo in Florida in a 55+ community.  Can any of the Georgia medical debtors now come to me for collection based on the fact that I am a Florida homeowner and put a lien on the property?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can opposing attorney show video to my doctor without my attorney? Can an opposing attorney show a video to my workmans comp doctor without my attorney present?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Is it legal if the landlord says that if he doesn&#39;t receive the money within 7 business days they will terminate the lease? My boyfriend just rented an apartment. He's been living there a week. Initially, I was not going to move in. However, I've now decided to move in along with my infant son. They posted a notice to the door saying they want a $250 transfer fee to put us in a 2 bedroom because 3 people can't be in a one bedroom. They also want a 100 fee for me and another 100 fee for my son. Plus, if my credit is bad, they may want another amount of money. They said if they do not receive this money within 7 business days they will terminate the lease. Is this legal? Like I said, we've moved in only a week ago. And they won't give us any of the money we've already put in to it.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Should I get paid for waiting by my phone for on-call? I'm a company truck driver and they want me to be by my phone and be on call. Should I get paid for this time and is this consider on duty time if I'm on call?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I get my owed wages? I worked for four weeks at an agreed rate of $10 per hour. I just quit the job because the owner only paid me for 1.5 weeks and owes me $561.00. I found out that he owes many other people who worked for him and they have since then quit. What can I do to try and get my money from him?	Employment Questions	New York
Do I have any recourse if I am out of work but had to train my replacement? I was on temporary assignment and asked to remain with the enticement that the job had an 80% possibility of becoming a regular part-time (75% time) job.  Upon returning from the winter shut-down, the supervisor gave me the bad news that my work was going to someone else because she was going to do 30% time work for another department that needed her language skills in Chinese.  To make her work full time, they were also giving her my work.  He said I had to train her.  I did as asked.  Now I am out of work.  Do I have any recourse?	Employment Questions	California
Can my daughter set up a trust that protects her assets if she&#39;s injured? My daughter cannot get health insurance due to pre-existing  conditions.  She has a paid up home and car as well as an IRA account set up after she was divorced.  Can she set up a trust that will protect her assets in the event she needs to be hospitalized?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
My divorce states that I am confined to a particular area of East TX. However my ex is in contempt of several things in our divorce. I am about to remarry and my new husband lives in dallas. What is the worst case scenario if I chose to move?	Family Questions	Texas
Do I, as her son, have any visitation rights to see my mother or even to obtain her ashes for a burial service? My stepfather is denying us visitation of our late mother. She is in an urn at his house. Do I, as her son, have any visitation rights to see her or even to obtain her ashes for a burial service?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How to get money from husband while child support processing? My husband kicked my daughter and I out of the house, left us with no money or housing. I have filed for child support. I would like to know what I can do about getting money from him until that is processed. I would also like to know what my rights are as far as custody right now.	Family Questions	Ohio
Legal rights to enter the house that my name is on mortgage after the divorce? The divorce is final and my name is on mortgage. Do I have legal rights to enter house?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Does my work have the right to lay me off if I decline or can they fire me for relocation when it&#39;s not in my original job description? My employer wants to relocate me 20 miles into the city and it was not in my original job description. Do they have to lay me off if I decline or can they fire me?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can my baby&#39;s father have custody because I am not rich? Can my baby's father have custody because I am not rich?	Family Questions	New York
What are my options if we do not agree on a division of property? I filed for a divorce. We do not agree on a division of property. She wants the house that's paid for and 25% of all retirement and spousal support. We both have jobs but I make more money. It's like 50k to 73k. She also has a retirement. What are my options?	Family Questions	Illinois
What are my rights if my bank account was garnished 4 days before I filed bankruptcy? My bank account was garnished 4 days before I filed bankruptcy. What are my rights? My court hearing is set for this Friday the 24th. Do I need a lawyer for this? My bankruptcy lawyer doesn't handle this type of matter since the garnishment happened before I filled.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Law requiring notice of landlord entering the rental property? Is there a law in Florida requiring landlords to provide tenants with advance notice prior to the landlord entering the rental property? If so, is there a time period of advance notice?	Real Estate Questions	Kansas
Can my husband and I get custody of his 5 year old nephew? Can my husband and I get custody of his 5 year old nephew?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Wisconsin
Would a videotape work in court? I paid 650.00 for a transmission and it did not work. The guy won't give me the money back. I don't have the receipt but I have a videotape with him admitting that I gave him the money. Would that work in court?	Consumer Questions	New Mexico
Can I call police to get my son back from his mother? My girlfreind left me with our autistic son for about four weeks. I'm the payee of his ssi benefits and I've been taking him to school and caring for him. Her mother came to town and asked to visit him so I let him go with her for the weekend. The day he was suppose to come back I was served with custody papers and she's calling me saying, she will not give him back or let me see him until the court papers go into effect. Can I call the police to get my son back?	Family Questions	California
Am I responsible for child if surname on birth certificate but mother&#39;s surname on social security? I'm trying to get a divorce and there is an issue with a minor child. My last name is on the birth certificate but I am biologically not the father. However, the last name of the child's social security card is under his mother's name. In Oklahoma, will I still be held responsible for the child?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
Do I need to do a modification and also do I pay for health ins-will that be part of the calculations? I need to bring my ex back to court as he is on disability and the SS my daughter gets runs out when she's 18. I have it in my divorce he is supposed to pay through college and also college expenses.  I realize I need to do a modification and also I pay for health ins-will that be part of the calculations? Also have brought him in for contempts many times and now need to do so again as he will not pay half of uninsured medical. What are my chances going to court without a lawyer as I can't afford one?ThanksJanice Fairbrother603-689-6154	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Can you help me locate the account and bank? My husband left an offshore bank out in my name but all I know is the IBA# and it in the caymans. Can you help locate the account & bank?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Question regarding banking? My bank notified me that a certified bank check was never cashed after 9 months. The person I mailed it to never claimed it as lost. Even when I told them they didn't say that it was never received. Do I still owe them? Isn't it stale dated?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is there any action I can take if my wife was diagnosed with anxiety disorder and her boss harasses her and says she can&#39;t call out? My wife was diagnosed with anxiety disorder and her boss, who has been harassing her anyway, said that she can not call out because she is upset. This was said after my wife gave her the doctor's note from the psychiatrist. Any action I can take?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can you change a child&#39;s name when having full custody and the father is no longer in the picture and nowhere to be found? Can you change a child's name when having full custody and the father is no longer in the picture and nowhere to be found?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Arizona
Can a person get ordained on line and perform a legal marriage in the state of Illinois?	Family Questions	Illinois
Did they pass the good time law for inmates? Did they pass the good time law for inmates? and do class X's get it?	Family Questions	Illinois
If a property is jointly owned, does one party have a legal right to place a lien on the property or force their selling price on the other party? If a property is jointly owned, does one party have a legal right to place a lien on the property or force their selling price on the other party?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How can I find out if daughter&#39;s father is working? How do I find out if my daughter's father is working? My child support has gone down to almost nothing and he will not offer any information.	Family Questions	Maryland
Question about Divorce Application? My husband and I were supposed to have had a divorce by Default with Written Agreement in 2005. Divorce proceedings were never completed by my husbands lawyer. The following forms were filed with Indio court in Dec 04: Petition (FL 100/FL 200) Summons Issued Summons Filed (FL110/FL210/FL510)On 7/14/05 Proof of Service on Dissolution served with service date of 12/06/04 filed. Default entered on me 7/14/05.I have  original agreement, along with forms FL 130, FL 140, FL 180, FL 230. These were, apparantly, never filed with the court, as there was some non-payment to lawyer from my (should be)ex-husband. My question is, am I going to have to start from scratch here, write up a new agreement with current information?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can minor move away from parents before turning 18? I am 17 years old and live in Texas. I am 2 months away from being 18 but i need to move away from my parents now. What can I do?	Family Questions	Texas
If an ad runs for an auto dealer and it says on approved credit, and you go the salesman states that for its for grad students only, can you sue?	Advertising Law Questions,Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Question on eviction? I have a question on eviction.where I live if your late paying your rent after the 15th of month they will fill for eviction. so my question is can they just sit my stuff out are will i have to go to court? Will they give me a chance to pay?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What type of motion do I need to file to get visitation rights? One year ago my parents went to Probate court and filed paperwork to obtain Guardianship of my daughter. I was not present at the hearing and so no accommodations were added to allow me to have unsupervised visitations with my daughter. I have no criminal record and have no cases pending and I have never been convicted of a crime. What type of motion do I need to file to get visitation rights? Since the case went through Probate court do I go there or do I have to go through Friend of the Court?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can I be charged with simple battery if there were no pictures taken and the special conditions charges dropped in the state of GA?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can Anthem terminate without informing me? Just curious. I've been on Cal-Cobra which runs out March 1st. I've been the one to repeatedly contact Anthem Blue Cross to ask what happens next. Shouldn't they have informed in writing at SOME point in time that this date approaches? I also need a letter or 'credible coverage' to allow me to be 'picked up' by this next co. I've had heart surgery, so you can guess how hard insurance is to come by.  Can Anthem terminate without informing me?	Consumer Questions	California
Should obstruction be dismissed if I was afraid to name attacker? I was assaulted two days ago and threatened with a knife. I got charged with obstructing official police business because I wouldn't give the officer the name of the person who had assaulted me. I didn't give him the name due to fear of retaliation. Should the obstruction be dismissed?	Criminal Questions	Ohio
How do I know what laws were violated when there was a surplus of money received from a home sale and I was buying the house on a land contract?  The owner thinks she is entitled to the &quot;windfall&#39; profit that was recognized in the sale.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can neighbor remove and sell fence installed on property line if he originally paid for fence? If a fence is installed on the property line between neighbors, can one neighbor remove it and sell it to someone else without an approval agreement with his neighbor? What if he originally paid all the cost of the fence?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If an adoption subsidy agreement is signed by the state, can they back out of it because they made an error when it was approved?	Family Questions	Michigan
Will I need to make bond when booked and processed? Hi, I was pulled over two days ago. Instead of the cop issuing a citation, she gave me a sheet of paper that instructs me to turn myself in to be booked and processed.  She told me that I would be released and would not have to make bond.  Is this true or should I prepare to put up my bond that day?	Criminal Questions	Tennessee
How long can discrimination suit against restaurant last? We have a lawsuit against Golden Corral Restaurant for discrimination all 7 of us. It has been almost 3 years. How long can this last?	Employment Questions	Florida
Couple defaults on building and has lien. We are carrying a note for a man/wife. They have defaulted. They want to give the bldg. back but there is a lien on them from '07.  We can't do a "deed in lieu" because of this lien.  They have agreed to give us possession of the bldg. and the keys. Should I have them sign stating we can take it?	Real Estate Questions	Arizona
How many hours must a person work to earn a break? How many hours must a person work to earn a break?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
I am 16, potentially self supporting, and planning on getting emancipated. But to do so, would I need consent from my guardian?	Family Questions	Texas
If an employee signs a contract representing a company and is terminated, is the contract still binding?	Contract Questions	Texas
Is it possible to continue a case if the state has no evidence and the defendant presents evidence stating times to of their location differs the time of the crime? Is it possible to continue a case if the state has no evidence and the defendant presents evidence stating times to of their location differs the time of the crime?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Should I have a lawyer present if I have a mediation meeting? I have a mediation meeting with the COHR in Hartford, Ct. My question is should I have a lawyer present? They are trying to settle with a maximum of 3000.00 with no apology for a sexual harassment and discrimination complaint brought to a privately owned restaurant chain. What should I do if I feel this is not enough to "ease" the embarrassment and helplessness I feel?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
Can the mother of my children take them from me and have me arrested for kidnapping? I was not married to mother of my children and they are with me now. Their mother is trying to take from me. There is no custody for either of us. I want to keep them. Can she take them from me and have me arrested for kidnapping?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
How long do I have to be off medications before I can get a note from a doctor without going to see one? How long do I have to be off medications before I can get a note from a doctor without going to see one?	Employment Questions	California
Can I file any paperwork to have 8 years of back child support taken out of my ex&#39;s inheritance? The father of my child is inheriting some money. Can I file any paperwork to have 8 years of back child support taken out of his inheritance?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Right if my husband worked 61 hours but the company will only pay him for 40 hours? My husband worked 61 hours but the company will only pay him for 40 hours. Do they have a right to do that?	Employment Questions	New York
Am I still entitled to my 2 weeks of vacation or are they legally able to change policy without any notice? I will be at my employment 2 years effective 08/16/12. At which time under the office manual I've been working under for the two years I would be entitled to 2 weeks of vacation. Today we had a meeting after work and the vacation policy seems to have changed. Now, it states, 1 week (5 days) of vacation the 1st thru the 3rd year with 2 weeks (10 days) after the 3rd year. My question is, am I still entitled to my 2 weeks of vacation or are they legally  able to change policy in mid stream without any notice?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Can a lawyer side a consent judgement for his client without their consent? Can a lawyer side a consent judgement for his client without their consent?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Is my sister responsible to replace the monies from my mothers estate, or hers? My mother was personal representative of her late brothers estate. When my mother passed away, my sister became personal representative of my uncles estate. We are at the tale end of the estate and find that my mother took estate funds and put them into her personal account.  According to my sister she had no idea of this. When my mother opened account my sister was included in opening account and signed to be added. She new of the dollar amount being deposited. Is she responsible to replace the monies from my mothers estate, or hers?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New Mexico
Law to have your hair/head covered while preparing and serving food? Is it a state law to have your hair/head covered while preparing and serving food?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How many duos can I get before I go to jail? How many duos can I get before I go to jail?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Can Colorado employees be worked seven days a week without any days off? Can Colorado employees be worked seven days a week without any days off?	Employment Questions	Colorado
How do I go about getting a renter out of my rental home if I have decided to tear it down in lieu of making the necessary expensive repairs suggested by my city officials? How do I go about getting a renter out of my rental home if I have decided to tear it down in lieu of making the necessary expensive repairs suggested by my city officials?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a subcontractor file a lien against a homeowner that contains liquidated damages? HelloGeorgia Law:  Can a subcontractor file a lien against a homeowner that contains liquidated damages and unliquidated damages?  Contract damages/failure to pay = liquidated.  Unliquidated damages = Estimated savings for job.  The two amounts are added together for the total amount of the lien.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can my employer put a disciplinary note in my pay envelope so it did not stand out? Can my employer put a disciplinary note in my pay envelope that usually has many safety topics and other papers so it did not stand out? No verbal communication and not contact me for approximately 9 days.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can we use the DIY will in NYS Fulton County? Can we use the DIY will in NYS Fulton County?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Is there a complaint form that I can get against someone for not paying after I worked for him? Is there a complaint form that I can get against someone for not paying after I worked for him even if it was cash that he was going to pay me?	Employment Questions	California
How do I get an appeal for an order protection? How do I get an appeal for an order protection?	Criminal Questions	New York
How can I sell my truck to someone who can only make payments? How can I sell my truck to someone who can only make payments?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Am I still entitled to any compensation? If I was employed for an agency that had a union and I was a member of that union and through negotiations a salary increase is given retro to the time period that I was employed and a member of the union, am I entitled to any compensation? I am no longer employed.	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I get help from the courts if I live with the children&#39;s father and pays for the bills but no support? Can I get help from the courts if I live with the children's father and pays for the bills but no support? We've lived for 9 years and he's also getting remarried. I filed a child support case that's coming up?	Family Questions	New York
How much and how often can the landlord increase your rent? How often and what kind of notice do you receive when a landlord wants to increase your rent? How much and how often can the landlord increase your rent?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Can I have a child support case, that&#39;s in arrears only status, be amended? Can I have a child support case, that's in arrears only status, be amended? The case was originally filed in San Diego but has recently been register in New York. Can I have my case amended in a New York court?	Family Questions	New York
If you&#39;re scheduled 7.5 hours, does your Employer have to give you a break? If you're scheduled 7.5 hrs or more, does your Employer have to give you a break?  What if your employer thinks they might send you home early?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Work have to pay for mileage by law if you use your personal vehicle? In the state of MA if you are hired as a driver using your own personal vehicle does the company have to pay you for mileage by law?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Where can I get some legal help regarding the sale of my home? Where can I get some legal help regarding the sale of my home?  My real estate agent doesn't seem to be on the up and up.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal for my sister-in-law to get 2 apartments and split the occupancies? My sister-in-law wants to get 2 apartments and put her 17 and 18 year old in one apartment and her and the 2 younger ones in an apartment across the street. Is this legal?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What is the law on carrying insurance on your kids in the state of Missouri? We have a 17 (turns 18 tomorrow) that has lived with us for a year.  Her mom tried telling her since she hasn't lived there in a year she doesn't have to carry insurance on her anymore.  What is the law on carrying insurance on your kids in the state of Missouri?	Family Questions	Missouri
How long it take to prosecute someone for hot checks? How long it take to prosecute someone for hot checks?	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
Help in defense against breaking a law for a very small amount? Hello, I've been cited on OR #475864 for very small amount. I'm 56 years old with no prior's of any kind. Defensewill be chronic medical conditions and lack of funds for $1000. Given the 4 options, which one should I take? Mycourt date is tomorrow in Portland up on Stark St, 5pm. Needless to say I'm changing my ways as had no idea ofcurrent laws. Appreciate your advice as worry can kill you and $4000 required to my doctor. Await your response,Sincerely, Stephen	Criminal Questions	Oregon
I purchased a business condominium and want to use roadstar for my internet and phone service provider.  The board will not allow me access to the roof to install the antenna.  Is there anything I can do about that?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
When working for a reforestation company does the company have the right to take money out of their checks for rent? When working for a reforestation company does the company have the right to take money out of their checks for rent?	Employment Questions	California
What can my fiance do if one of the collectors just sent a court officer to take her main vehicle? My fiance has a lot of credit card debt from a previous marriage.  One of the collectors just sent a court officer to take her main vehicle?  What can she do?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Is there a division of property if my husband of only three months left me and will not be returning? My husband of only three months left me and will not be returning. Is there a division of property?	Family Questions	Oregon
If I don&#39;t get a lawyer will I lose my case? If I don't get a lawyer will I lose my case?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Can I take my maiden name back without divorce? I am separated from my husband and I would like to take my maiden name back. Can I do this without divorce?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have to sleep in house with spouse and children if I want divorce? I want to get a divorce but have not filed paperwork yet. I have 3 children and along with my husband we all live in the same house. Children are aged 10, 8 and 6. My question is, do I have to sleep at the house? Can I sleep somewhere else coming home only for the kids?	Family Questions	Alabama
Will my employer continue to take the payment for the same amount from the arrears I owe? My child turned 18 but I owe for arrears. Will my employer continue to take the payment for the same amount or can this amount be adjusted? If so how do I go about it and, do I need a court order?	Family Questions	North Dakota
Can my spouse take my house during the marriage if the deed was in someone&#39;s else name? Can my spouse take my house during the marriage if the deed was in someone's else name?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Illegal to discriminate against a potential renter because of a bankruptcy? Is it illegal to discriminate against a potential renter because of a bankruptcy (in Florida)?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Legal if I paid $700 to get my car fixed but didn&#39;t and refused to give my money back? I took my car to a mechanic and they assured me my car would be fixed. I paid $700 and it's not fixed they refuse to give my money back. Is this legal?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Can I place lien on family member to collect loaned money? I loaned a family member money and they are selling property. Can I place a lien to collect my money?	California Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Does estate pay for adding date of death to headstone? My sister is representative for the Estate and refuses to have this expense paid by the Estate.  My Mother and Father bought the stone and had their DOB put on it.  My Father died several years ago and my mother had his DOD added.  My mother has been deceased for over a year and my sister refuses to have her DOD added.  I think it should be considered final expenses since the stone was bought before her death and I believe her intent was to have her DOD added after her passing.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
What constitutes an exemption to the levy of execution  based upon a court judgement on a piece of real property? What constitutes an exemption to the levy of execution  based upon a court judgement on a piece of real property? (This property is in Dade County, Florida).	Employment Questions	Florida
What can I do if my ex didn&#39;t put the house in his name when we got divorced? My ex was supposed to put the house in his name when we got divorced but didn't. What can I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Is pre-owned property considered a part of marital property if a divorce should occur? Is pre-owned property considered a part of marital property if a divorce should occur?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can a parent make their child attend religious practices?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Can a contractor withhold pay for reasons not stipulated in a signed contract? Can a contractor withhold pay for reasons not stipulated in a signed contract?  For example, is it legal for a mental health agency to hold your check for reasons not stipulated in a signed contract.	Employment Questions	Georgia
How many breaks does an employee get when working a twelve hour shift? How many breaks does an employee get when working a twelve hour shift?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it correct that a document is only valid for one year from the date it was signed? When legally separated, my husband and I signed a typed paper indicating our financial obligations and agreement to custody of our minor child. This document was never notarized. I have been told by a friend, that document is only valid for one year from the date it was signed. Is this correct. This is in the state of Florida. If so, is there a statue that explains this?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
If my wife is not a US citizen and does not have a green card, will a divorce be hard to obtain? Will I be obligated to pay alimony? If my wife is not a US citizen and does not have a green card, will a divorce be hard to obtain? Will I be obligated to pay alimony?	Family Questions	Connecticut
Separated but married, living with opposite sex? What are the terms and rules of being separated but married living with opposite sex?	Family Questions	Mississippi
If permanent legal guardianship has been established and granted to paternal grandparents in Colorado and the parents decide to divorce, how is custody of the child determined? If permanent legal guardianship has been established and granted to paternal grandparents in Colorado and the parents decide to divorce, how is custody of the child determined? The child is 15 months old and neither parents are capable of caring for (financially) for the child. The mother (complainant) lives with her parents and both grandparents care for the child on an eas needed basis.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Correct that my employer is not obligated to pay me when mentioning compensation? I work construction in Grand Rapids, MI, which is where I live and where the company's corporate headquarters are located.  When I was initially hired, I was assigned to a site in Grand Rapids.  Now, I have been re-assigned to a site in Allegan, MI, which is about an hour away from the corporate headquarters.  Every morning, I meet my supervisor at the yard in Grand Rapids, and he drive us to the site in Allegan.  I am not paid for the time it takes to get to and from the yard in Grand Rapids to Allegan.  When I mentioned that I thought I should be compensated, my employer said they were not obligated to pay me.  Is this correct?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What are the laws regarding the permissibility of copying music from a friend without paying? What are the laws regarding the permissibility (or lack thereof) of copying music from a friend without paying?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal for a company that does not consider the 8 to 12 hours each way of traveling as counting toward my weekly time? I work for a large company and travel to a different state each week for work. The company does not consider the 8 to 12 hours each way as counting toward my weekly time. I am a salaried employee. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can your right to retire from the military be denied after receiving an honorable discharge? Can your right to retire from the military be denied even after receiving an honorable discharge?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What is the GA law on termites in a lease agreement? What is the GA law on termites in a lease agreement?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can I be denied access if I want to move my stepson due to poor employment? I have a stepson that I want to move out of the state of Michigan due to poor employment opportunities. Can Ibe denied for no good reason?	Family Questions	Arizona
How to write a power of attorney in Indiana as a finder to claim someone&#39;s unclaimed money? How to write a power of attorney in Indiana as a finder to claim someones unclaimed money?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
Is it too late for me to file responses since it&#39;s past the 20 days? My husband has filed a complaint for divorce and a motion for custody, I was served June 20th and the papers said i had 20 days to respond.  I was not able to get to Las Vegas to respond.   On July 20th he filed a notice of intent to take default, and yesterday he filed a application for default.There is a hearing scheduled on the 08/14/2012  for child custody hearing and Pltf's Motion for Joint Legal and Primary Physical Custody of the Minor Child; Child Support; Attorney's Fees and Costs; and Other Related Relief.My question is, is it too late for me to file responses since it's past the 20 days? what can i do?	Family Questions	Nevada
is it illegal to put a lock on the outside of a child&#39;s door in the state of Missouri? is it illegal to put a lock on the outside of a child's door in the state of Missouri?	Family Questions	Missouri
Question regarding notice to quit my home because I am late 22 days as I separated from my wife &amp; job? I just now got anotice to quitmy home because I am late twenty two days because I not only separated from my wife in Jan. but also lost my job in June of this year. I was late once before but did not have knowledge of this as my wife was to pay the rent/payment on this land contract in Pennsylvania. She made it one day late and apparently refused to pay 50 dollar late fee without my knowledge.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How long legally does the first daughter get to stay in the house and does she have to give her sister a key? There was no will or any legal documents two sisters are fighting over their mothers house she passed away in February.  The one daughter and her kids lived with mom and has since put the utilities in her name and the other daughter wants her out to sell the house for her share. How long legally does the first daughter get to stay in the house and does she have to give her sister a key?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
Is there a need for two trials in a fraud case, civil and criminal? Is there a need for two trials in a fraud case, civil and criminal?	Criminal Questions	New Mexico
Is there a fair labor report act concerning layoffs of full-time employees? Is there a fair labor report act concerning layoffs of full-time employees?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Are employers obligated to provide full benefits for a temporary full time employee? Are employers legally obligated to provide full benefits such as medical insurance for a tempory full time employee who will only work for 15 months?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is it against the law to have someone work another shift without 7 hours between shifts? I'm working from 6pm-1245am and have to return to work at 6am tomorrow. I was wondering if its against the law to have someone work another shift without 7 hours between shifts?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Are we still responsible for each others financial debt when we divorce? I have been separated from my husband almost 30 years. We're not divorce yet.  Are we still responsible for each others financial debt?	Family Questions	Rhode Island
After an elected official leaves office can he collect unemployment wages? After an elected official leaves office can he collect unemployment wages?	Employment Questions	New York
How do I find out if I am in a will? How do I find out if I am in a will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
What are my options if I was refusing to go on an offshore job when my job description says I&#39;m not required? I was recently fired for refusing to go on a offshore job for my company. However, my job description does not require I do offshore job what are my options?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
If an employer doesn&#39;t give required breaks to hourly employees what kind of charges can they face? If an employer doesn't give required breaks to hourly employees what kind of charges can they face?	Employment Questions	California
What do I do if the biological father wants to buy a cell phone for one of the boys I adopted 11 years ago? My current husband adopted my two boys  11 years ago when their biological dad gave up his parental rights. We recently moved back to Colorado which is where the bio-father lives. He said he was going to buy one of the boys' a cell phone and I told him "No" he already has a cell phone on our current phone plan. He bought one anyways and went behind our back to get him the phone. What can I do about this situation?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Does a landlord have to write out a receipt for rent paid to them? Does a landlord have to write out a receipt for rent paid to them? My landlord says my check is my receipt?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do if my mom is trying to take my settlement check? Hi im 16 Years Old And I Was Just In A Car Accident With my Mom. What Do i Do if My Mom is Trying To Take My Settlement Check?	Personal Injury Questions	South Carolina
Do I need a lawyer for my armament  court hearing? Do I need a lawyer for my armament  court hearing?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can the biological father sign the birth certificate if we are divorced? My husband and I are getting divorced. We have been separated over a year and I am now pregnant. We were no longer living in the same state at the time of conception. Can the biological father sign the birth certificate?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Kansas
I want to separate from my husband. We live in NC and a separation agreement is just that... an agreement. We have a house with a mortgage and one minor child; 14 years old. I would like to let her stay in the home and us rotate in/out for visitation until the house sells.	Family Questions	North Carolina
How to get ex to follow court parenting guidelines? I have full custody of my two children, ages 1 and 2 and their father and I were never married.  We are suppose to follow the parenting time guidelines and this is not working. He will only take the children while I work some times and picks them up from my sitter. But he will not take them on his scheduled parenting time which is causing a huge conflict in my life. He says he is not going to help me in any way. I informed my sitter not to allow the children to go unless it is his scheduled time and if he wants additional parenting time then that is fine. I gave her the proper paper work from the courts and the cops came and they gave him my children! This is not right, I want to know where my kids are a head of time!	Family Questions	Indiana
Is there a time limit for a notorized document  stating that a certain amount is owed me and  the amount is to be paid back?	Contract Questions	Maryland
If a landlord rents property to me and the second month I get a notice from the bank stating the property is going to be auctioned do I have to pay rent to the landlord? In the state of California:  If a landlord rents property to me and the second month I get a notice from the bank stating the property is going to be auctioned do I have to pay rent to the landlord? Also what if the date of auction changes but remains in auction status?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it a state law of Georgia that a Landlord must do a physical walk through with the tenant who is moving out? Is it a state law of Georgia that a Landlord must do a physical walk through with the tenant who is moving out?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
As a member of the condominium association and unit owner, am I entitled to  a copy of the minutes from the meeting either  as a hard copy or one that is posted on our association website? We  recently had our annual meeting of our condominium association with our first board. As a member of the condominium association and unit owner, am I entitled to  a copy of the minutes from the meeting either  as a hard copy or one that is posted on our association website? I was unable to attend the meeting. The meeting was held over six weeks ago.What is the law  in this situation? I live in Florida.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Pay rate differences I worked for a union company for eleven years. I left the company for six months. Should I be able to return to the company at my original pay rate an seniority, or should I have to start over at a lower payscale?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What to do when my hours are being changed on my check? What to do when my hours are being changed on my check?	Employment Questions	Florida
Is there a difference between federal scheduling order and state scheduling order or are they the same? Is there a difference between federal scheduling order and state scheduling order or are they the same?	Employment Questions	Florida
How can homeowners make changes in the association&#39;s bylaws? How can homeowners make changes in the association's bylaws?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I have any rights to a baby I knew nothing about until after she hide it from me? Do I have any rights to a baby i knew nothing about until after she hide it from me? She then gave it away with the chance it being mine but saying she didn't know who's it was.	Family Questions	Michigan
How can I go about adopting a 25-year-old girl that wants to be our daughter? How can I go about adopting a 25-year-old girl that wants to be our daughter?	Family Questions	California
What to do if I tried to get my motorcycle repaired by a guy and he now won&#39;t return it? I tried to get my motorcycle repaired by a guy. He has been paid for services. He has had my bike for over two months, and he will not contact me back.	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
What if I got an eviction notice and I didn&#39;t realize I needed to answer to the notice? What if I got aneviction notice letterand I didn't realize I needed to answer to the notice?	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
Question regarding reasoning of firing? I worked for one of the largest home service companies in the world. I was a regional franchise sales consultant and registered with the FTC. My job was to market existing home service businesses in the western United States and persuade them to drop their Mom and Pop  company name and convert them to a Branded Name and use the tried and true operating system. I was fired from my job because the VP of Franchise Sales said I couldn't sale although during this period I was #1 Sales person. The reason I was really fired was because the VP of Franchise Sales had the sales team use illegal marketing practice, like record conversation with potential clients/franchisees with out their knowledge which is in violation FCC. I went to human resourses.	Employment Questions	Florida
Legal for employer to ask for your medical diagnosis if your Dr. has you out of work due to an illness? Is it legal for your employer to ask for your medical diagnosis if your Dr. has you out of work due to an illness?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Is there a time deadline that investment funds and employers need to meet as far as sending out 1099 forms  and etc? Is there a time deadline that investment funds and employers need to meet as far as sending out 1099 forms  and etc?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Minnesota
Legal to be fired on the first day of a 2-week vacation and not be notified until my return to work? Is is legal in Colorado to be fired on the first day of a 2-week vacation and not be notified until my return to work?  No attempt was made to notify me.  When I returned they informed me I was no longer needed and they would not be paying my PTO money. Can they hold my PTO pay?	Employment Questions	Colorado
What are the statutes of limitation for wrongful termination and discrimination lawsuits in Delaware? What are the statutes of limitation for wrongful termination and discrimination lawsuits in Delaware?	Employment Questions	Delaware
When can an Employer withhold payment either salary, commission, or bonus ? When can an Employer with hold payment either salary, commission, or bonus ?	Employment Questions	New York
How long does someone have to be gone from a residence to get rid of their things? How long does someone have to be gone from a residence to get rid of their things?	Family Questions	California
How do I keep the natural father away from my child? I have a 2 year old son who's father hasn't even seen him in a year and has tried nothing to be in my son's life. He has just started paying just enough money to stay out of jail. Would this be considered abandonment?	Family Questions	Kentucky
How do I get my husband to complete a step-parent adoption and prove that veto their father&#39;s appeal? My husband is in the military and we would like to complete a step-parent adoption with my 2 oldest children. Their father has not seen them in 2 years and the only time we hear from him is when his taxes are being taken from him, which he has again recently appealed. What type of lawyer do I look for and How do I prove that he has not seen them? I was consistently forcing him to have a relationship for 6 years where I was taking them to his state of residence and I have since discontinued because my children said that they are uncomfortable and no longer want to go and they don't want him to be their dad...any help would be appreciated.	Family Questions	Illinois
Can I still get the support ordered if my ex spent some time in jail and never got the money? My ex was ordered child support 6 years ago. He spent some time in jail. I have never seen any money. Can I still get the support ordered?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Does sub need to show contractor he hasn&#39;t been paid or is it contractor&#39;s responsibility to show sub? Does sub need to show contractor he hasn't been paid or is it contractor's responsibility to show sub he has been paid in full?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can I get out of the lease since I haven&#39;t moved in yet and not made a deposit? I signed a lease with an apartment complex in Tallahassee Florida for 8/1/12-7/31/13. I signed based solely on the fact that the agent I spoke with said if I filled out a roommate matching form, while he couldn't guarantee all requests would be met, he assured me I would definitely be placed with other graduate students. I just found out yesterday from the apartment complex manager however that I would NOT be living with graduate students. The sole reason I signed the lease was based on the fact that I would be living with graduate students. I have not made a deposit or paid any money yet and I'm wondering if I can get out of the lease since I haven't moved in yet.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can DCF or CPT take away your parenting rights without a court order? Can DCF or CPT take away your parenting rights without a court order?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Do I have to fill out a new order of withholding or can I just give my employer the judges signed order? I pay child support in Kane county Illinois. It is taken right out of my paycheck. I recently found out that the order of withholding my ex's lawyer sent to my employer had the wrong ending date. So I went to court and the judge signed an order for it to terminate child support on the new date, Do I have to fill out a new order of withholding or can I just give my employer the judges signed order?	Family Questions	Illinois
Is it legal if a child makes an online purchase not approved by the parent? Is it legal if a child makes an online purchase not approved by the parent?	Consumer Questions	Utah
What can I do if my apartment will be foreclosed when I have two children? I have two children and my apartment is be in foreclosed.  What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Is finding out your spouse is a homosexual good cause for a divorce without his signing the papers? Is finding out your spouse has turned out to be homosexual good cause for a divorce in the state of Pennsylvania without his signing the papers?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What can I do if my recent ex boyfriend refuses to send me my W-2 form? What can I do if my recent ex boyfriend refuses to send me my W-2 form?	Criminal Questions,Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What do I do if my ex refuses to make payments nor return the truck when I helped him? I helped my ex to buy a car its in my name but he refuses to make the required payments. I have had to make two so far and the rest of the payments are past due. He will not make payments nor return the truck. What do I do?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
Must a subpoena be an order issued by a judge? Can a subpoena deuces tecum be ordered by an attorney requiring you to appear in his office or must it be an order issued by a judge?	Real Estate Questions	Oklahoma
Will the judge give me at least thirty days for my landlord evicting me if I have a lot of medical conditions? My landlord is evicting me. He would not accept my rent for Feb. because of past due late fees. I have been late on rent for a long while now, but I ALWAYS PAY BEFORE THE MONTH ENDS. I'm going to court on Mar.13. I'm 75 years old with a lot of medical conditions. Will the judge give me at least thirty days?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
I gave my friend $250 for his Playstation 3 and he never gave me the game system. Is there anything I can do legally? I gave my friend $250 for his Playstation 3 and he never gave me the game system. Is there anything I can do legally?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Can your boss keep your tips? Can your boss keep your tips?	Employment Questions	Rhode Island
Is there anywhere I can get help with my ex-landlord problem? My ex-landlord is trying to get me out of $1422 and every thing that's on the list is normal wear and tear and now I'm about to lose my section. Is there anywhere I can get help with this?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can any action be taken against my full time employer for losing my part time job at the other dept? The fire dept. that employs me full time did not turn in my 2011 training hours, this put me in non-compliance with the state. As a result of being in non-compliance, my part time employment at another fire dept., I was released from service via email. I can not leave this job if things worsen, because I can not get another job without my certification. What can I do? Can any action be taken against my full time employer for losing my part time job at the other dept.?	Employment Questions	Georgia
I would like to know if you remarry and getting your deceased husband SS and pension will you loose it if you remarry? I would like to know if you remarry and getting your deceased husband SS and pension will you loose it if you remarry?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Should my biological daughter have to have my last name? I am the biological father of a child and am paying support. The child does not have my last name. Can I make them change it?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
What is MA code regarding a tub next to a window? What is MA code regarding a tub next to a window?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Is it legal for your boss to fire you when you are 3 months pregnant? Is it legal for your boss to fire you when you are 3 months pregnant?	Employment Questions	Texas
Do I pay half or the full value of the house my mom left to my sister and I? My mom left her house to me and my sister.  If I buy her out do I pay 1/2 of its value or 100% of its value?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Is the seller of real estate in Florida required to pay any fees upfront? Is the seller of real estate in Florida required to pay any fees upfront?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What is the maximum legal number of hours your employer can make you work and how much time you are required to rest before returning to work? I work for DuPage County and in the winter you are required to work long shifts sometimes as long a 16 hours straight. What is the maximum legal number of hours your employer can make you work and how much time you are required to rest before returning to work? Thanks David	Employment Questions	Illinois
Where does one start to evict someone when they&#39;re not responsive? my sister lives in Ca. has a rent house in Mass, has tenants in the rental house that are not paying the rent, have been late before. Now they are not responding to calls, emails letters about the late rent she came out to visit recently and the tenants were not there, but there was a dog barking in the house. She went back a number of times with no luck. Where does one start to evict someone like this? There was a realtor that originally did all this and placed the current renters there, but he is now in college and will try to help next month during spring break, but we need answers. Any advice or direction will be greatly appreciated!!	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What do I need to do to get my deceased husband&#39;s name off of the property that is already paid for? I am the co-owner and the surviving spouse of a home in baker, LA. What do I need to do to get my deceased husband's name off of the property that is already paid for?	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
Is it legal to not have paid breaks? Is it legal to not have paid breaks? And is it legal to have a house keeper that works in a hotel to be mopping the cement floors outside the rooms, in which the company has no sign that say caution wet floor? Is it legal to have a pregnant women work regular heavy lifting duty and threaten that if the woman ask to have modified duty, that the company would lay her off or fire her?	Employment Questions	California
Place online that I can read my grandparent&#39;s wills cause I feel my family withheld info? Is there a place online that I can read my grandparent's wills cause I feel my family withheld information?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Is it legal for an employer to require exempt employees to take &quot;furlough days&quot; or no pay days off? Is it legal for an employer to require exempt employees to take "furlough days" or no pay days off? My previous employer required exempt and non exempt employees to take between 1-4 days off a month as no pay or "furlough days". Often times we needed to work over time in order to take these no pay days off. I question my non exempt status as most of my day 60-70% was spent running machines and not in a administrative role.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Question about 8-hour shifts and breaks? A company does not authorize employees any breaks for 8-hour shift besides half hour lunch. Isn't 15 minute breaks the law?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an employer in the state of Virginia make you work 10 straight days, 10 hours a day with no time off? Can an employer in the state of Virginia make you work 10 straight days, 10 hours a day with no time off?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Can the dominant tenant in an ingress-Egress easement install a fence or chain across that easement? Can the dominant tenant in an ingress-Egress easement install a fence or chain across that easement?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Can a manager at a restaurant write you up if someone walked out on a bill when it wasn&#39;t your fault? Can a manager at a restaurant write you up if someone walked out on a bill when it wasn't your fault?	Employment Questions	California
Help if I&#39;m being by sued by capitol one credit card company? i am being sued by capitol one credit card company and need advice.	Consumer Questions	Florida
If the dad decides to give rights to the one child, would we get the portion of the check for the child? I am watching a friend's kid and he wants to live with my family.  The dad is the only one with right so he has the only say so.  the dad is deaf and is drawing a disability social security check for both of his kids because of him being deaf.  If by chance the dad finally decides to give me and my family rights to the one child, would we get the portion of the check for the one child or will it end and no one gets anything?	Family Questions	Georgia
After divorce, when should the husband pay child support? After divorce, when should the husband pay child support? Until the child is 17, or 18 or 21 years of age?	Family Questions	New York
How long does the insurance company have before they have to start paying workers comp? How long does the insurance company have before they have to start paying workers comp, after the judge has awarded the injured worker his comp?	Personal Injury Questions	Kentucky
Am I entitled to my trust fund if I get married at seventeen, since I would become emancipated? Am I entitled to my trust fund if I get married at seventeen, since I would become emancipated? Or do I have to wait until age of majority which is nineteen?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
What should I do about my job that won&#39;t let me go even after I put in my 2 weeks notice? What should I do about my job that won't let me go even after I put in my 2 weeks notice?	Employment Questions	Michigan
If parent has sole custody are they allowed to take the child out of the country without the other knowing? If one parent has sole custody are they allowed to take the child out of the country without letting the other parent know?	Family Questions	New York
Can a contractor put a lien on your house if an agreement was made before the project was started? Can a contractor put a lien on your house if an agreement was made before the project was started and at end of the project seeking more money and I'm not willing to pay?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Wisconsin
Is a waiver or consent legal when filing for divorce? When filing for divorce papers, is an Appearance, Consent, and Waiver legal to file in state of the Connecticut? Does the defendant have to go to court?	Family Questions	Connecticut
We purchased a pool from Blue World Pool a couple of years ago and well my husband insisted we purchase it, putting a lien on our home. Since then, we have had to take the pool down due to insurance guidelines, and then the Blue World Pool sold our contract to someone else. Can it do that?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Louisiana
What to I do to get my child back/ Last year dfcs gave my mother temporary custody of my daughter. In the last 2 days the temporary custody expired and I want my daughter back. My mom also wants me to get her back. I did everything dfcs told me to do to get her back. So now what do I have to do?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can I get unemployment? I live in PA. & put a request for family leave. I was denied. Since being denied I have to quit my job. Can I get unemployment?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can the time ever just run out if my parents have temporary custody of my child? My parents have temporary custody of my child. There is no time period stated on the papers. My question is can the time ever just run out?	Family Questions	Louisiana
How can homeowners make changes in a communities&#39; bylaws? How can homeowners make changes in a communities' bylaws?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How long does the DA have to get an indictment once you bail out? How long does the DA have to get an indictment once you bail out?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can I move in with my child&#39;s father? I'm 17 years old and pregnant. Can I be able to move in with the child's father (my fiance)?	Family Questions	Florida
When my ex gets medical help, whose responsibility is it that the bill gets paid? I am divorced but still carry insurance on my ex. When he gets medical help, whose responsibility is it that the bill gets paid? What is my responsibility of any checks sent to me by insurance company when he goes out of network and the checks are sent to me?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a company put you on final corrective for telling them you will not go to another department? Can a company put you on final corrective for telling them you will not go to another department in the store that you do not get paid extra for?	Employment Questions	New York
Can I get my full deposit back if I never even got a certified letter after 30 days? Ok so I moved out of my house 4.5 months and have been calling and arguing with my realtor since then and they always have an answer. I have been told 4 times it was mailed and I still haven't seen it. Can I get my full deposit back if I never even got a certified letter after 30 days of any issues all the talk has been on the phone cause I called them not then calling me?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I keep a broken camera after reimbursing the owner for it? My daughter broke the lens on her friends flip video. It still works but his mother still wants us to reimburse her for it. She doesn't want a new one from us; just for us to reimburse her. Can we keep the broken one after we reimburse her for it?	Personal Injury Questions	Massachusetts
What can I do if I&#39;m 17 and I want to move in with another responsible adult without my parent&#39;s consent? Okay I'm seventeen and I want to move in with another responsible adult without my parents consent. What can I do?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Do I legally have to rerun it before I get my money back? I recently purchased a vehicle from a private seller. I put half down and was given a signedbill of sale documentand title. I decided I no longer want the vehicle and wish to rerun it for my deposit back but seller says its not refundable. And wants to reclaim the vehicle. Do I legally have to rerun it before I get my money back?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Under what conditions is it legal to hire my children to work in a retail store? I have a retail store in San Francisco, Ca.  My accountant says I can hire my 8 year old and my 10 year old children to work in my shop for a wage thru the payroll system. Under what conditions is that legal?	Employment Questions	California
Can the person whose name is not listed on the ownership deed be granted the same rights? Based on a Premarital Agreement, can the person who name is not listed on the ownership deed be granted the same rights as his/her partner who name is listed on the deed? Ex, become a member of the Home Owners Association (HOA)!	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I apply for a mortgage for my dad if I have power of attorney over him? I have power of attorney over my dad. Can I apply for a mortgage for him?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Law permit an employer to terminate a non-exempt employee for serving as a juror? Does the law permit an employer to terminate a non-exempt employee for serving as a juror?	Employment Questions	California
What should I do if my bank is holding my second mortgage wouldn&#39;t modify me and charged it off? The bank holding my second mortgage wouldn't modify me and charged it off.  What happens now?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can a grandmother take her grandchild out of his home without a legal reason? Can a grandmother take her grandchild out of his home without a legal reason?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Maryland
Can I do anything besides file unemployment? I was told to leave a part time job, (fired I guess) only reason given was that I was not doing Chinese accounting and I should not have allowed the CFO to get reimbursed for travel  & meal expense.  I did not sign checks just printed check the CFO told me to. Never told to do things differently from any one, until the day before. Can I do anything besides file unemployment ( which they are not disputing)?	Employment Questions	Florida
An employer have to pay someone a differential if switch someone&#39;s shift? Does an employer have to pay someone a differential if they switch someone's shift from first shift to third shift?	Employment Questions	New York
Contact to apply if I&#39;m on disability and there&#39;s compensation for caregivers? I am on disability and I need round the clock care from my husband.  I understand that there is compensation for caregivers in Georgia.  Who do I contact to apply?Carol Craton&#99;&#97;&#114;&#x6f;&#x6c;&#99;&#114;&#x61;&#116;&#111;&#110;&#64;&#x67;&#x6d;&#x61;&#x69;&#108;&#x2e;&#99;&#111;&#x6d;	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What happens to a leased car in a family bankruptcy? What happens to a leased car in a family bankruptcy?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is there a statute of limitations on setting aside a judgement due to Newly Discovered Evidence? Is there a statute of limitations on setting aside a judgement due to Newly Discovered Evidence?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can my work get out of paying for my injuries if I just quit? I got hurt at work. Now my work are not being very nice about it. I don't feel comfortable return to that environment. Can they get out of paying for my injuries if I just quit?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Question about tenant? Today the building manager shouted at me when he was showing the new tenants the place that I have to move my boxes to storage and that he can't show the place as my place is in a mess. It is not stated in the lease that it is my duty to clean up just for him to show the place to renters. I would clean the place when my lease ends in two months but I do not have the time to right now and I like living in a pretty messy place, its still my place to occupy for the next two months. There is a line under rules and regulation that states no unsightly or unsanitary practice which could undermined the sanitation, health or appearance of the building interior or exterior shall be permitted. What does that mean?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What are the laws in Louisiana about contract for deed?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
How many days does a landlord have to evict you out and what does he have to do? How many days does a landlord have to evict you out and what does he have to do?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If I had an attorney and then she filled to remove herself from my case through the court, Feb 27 And I filled a motion to show cause in pro per on March 6th; Is it a valid motion? If I had an attorney and then she filled to remove herself from my case through the court, Feb 27 And I filled a motion to show cause in pro per on March 6th; Is it a valid motion? The clerk at the court said that I did not have an attorney on file, But the opposing council is claiming that I need to take it off the calender b/c it was incorrect? Also claiming I did not serve him even tho he is not on file with the court as respondents council.  Please help..... Kelly Harvey	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What can I do when a customer does not return my rental equipment? Hello, I own a party supply store and rent tables and chairs.  What can I do when a customer does not return my rental equipment?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
After 90 days of continuously staying at a hotel, paying everyday daily rates, am I owed a tax refund from the hotel?	California Questions,Consumer Questions,Tax Questions	North Carolina
Can a person file a lawsuit against a former employer 10 years later upon finding out new information? Can a person file a lawsuit against a former employer, 10 years later upon finding out new information?  Wrongful termination, discrimination, defamiation etc?	Employment Questions	New York
Do I modify my new living arrangements with AZ or FL to change parenting time and child support? I was divorced in Arizona and have joint custody and been paying child support since 2004. I moved to Florida without my child and now my ex-wife and child moved to New Orleans and now my child moved in with me. Do I modify my new living arrangements with AZ or FL to change parenting time and child support?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I evict someone from my rental home in Hendersonville, TN? How do I evict someone from my rental home in Hendersonville TN? Their deposit and prorated check for the first month bounced.	Real Estate Questions	Tennessee
Is there an advantage of being the petitioner versus the respondent when filing for a divorce? Is there an advantage of being the petitioner verses the respondent when filing for a divorce?	Family Questions	California
Am I able to do an Ex Parte Order for custody even though I&#39;m still married to my child&#39;s mother? Am I able to do an Ex Parte Order for custody of my child even though I'm still married to my child's mother?	Family Questions	Ohio
How do I go about getting legal custody of my 3-year-old daughter from my ex husband? How do I go about getting legal custody of my 3-year-old daughter from my ex husband?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
How can my husband adopt my son? My husband wants to legally adopt my son but my ex is a fugitive from the law. What can be done we live in San Antonio, Texas?	Family Questions	Texas
Will I still be responsible to pay the back and current child support if my ex wants me to sign over custody? I owe a lot of back child support and pay 400 a month or report to jail. She wants me to sign over custody. Will I still be responsible to pay the back and current child support? also needing help with lowering my back child support based on my actual income for those years	Family Questions	Washington
Allowed in Canada to add a former employer&#39;s wages via grossing up the amount for a reimbursed trip? We have a former employee who prior to being terminated was reimbursed for a trip that he was unable to take. We would like to add this to his wages via grossing up the amount and the company paying the taxes for them.  Is this allowed in Canada?	Tax Questions	Virginia
Do churches have to post new positions for employment? Do churches have to post new positions for employment?	Family Questions	Michigan
What to do if my husband abandoned me and moved out of the house without warning? My husband came home from work one day with his daughter and proceeded to announce that he was moving out. No discussion of what he was taking. I was so upset that I basically didn't say a word. He took whatever he wanted. Should I have called the police.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I go change the locks and have a tenant move in now if the former tenant has moved out? I am a landlord and have filed count I and Count II eviction and am currently waiting on the response from the judge since the tenant responded within the five day time frame. I realize that more than likely the judge will set it for hearing. My question is since the tenant stated in writing that he has moved out and does not see a need to be evicted, can I go ahead and change the locks and have a tenant move in now? I am hoping I do not have to wait for the hearing?thank you	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Would it be okay to make the CD to give as a gift or is that still illegal? I downloaded some songs for father's day and wanted to burn the CD as a gift for the father's in our church.  The songs came off of MP3 Music Downloader - aTube Catcher, a free site to download music.  Would it be okay to make the CD to give as a gift or is that still illegal?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
If a tree on another property falls into my yard breaking my fence is the owner responsible? If a tree on another property falls into my yard breaking my fence is the owner of the other property responsible?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How do I go about legally if I want the father to sign over parental rights and he&#39;s willing? I'm 8 months preg and want the father to sign over parental rights and he's willing. How do I go about it legally in Va?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can I work as a CNA with a suspended nursing license in NC? Can I work as a CNA with a suspended nursing license in NC?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
How to proceed with evidence in finding victims? My brother was molested by a neighbor 3 years ago. We found out 2 days ago the kid is now 18 years old. Since he's an adult now, how can I go about finding other victims with out breaking the law? He works for the boys and girls club and has for a couple years. Because of now it's each others words against the other, so I figure there has to be another kid out there. The boy who molested my brother, has a father that served a prison sentence in the last ten years for sexual molestation on a female. I don't know where to start we've called the cops but I can't wait for them to take forever while this now adult lives right next to us! Please help us!	Criminal Questions	District of Columbia
If a lease is not signed at move in, is a tenant required to give a  day notice before moving? If a lease is not signed at move in, is a tenant required to give a  day notice before moving, in order to get a security deposit back?  Do renters in MI have to pay for their own water?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How can I get my personals out of my residence of the past three plus years? How can I get my personals out of my residence of the past three plus years? My girlfriend (ex) will not let me in!	Family Questions	Oregon
What makes an unfit mother when it comes to child custody cases? What makes an unfit mother when it comes to child custody cases?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can a salaried employee be reimbursed for sick time that was taken off but shouldn&#39;t have been? Can a salaried employee be reimbursed for sick time that was taken off but shouldn't have been?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Is it unlawful for an employer to take pictures of employees without consent for disciplinary actions? Is it unlawful in Nevada for an employer to take pictures of employees without consent for disciplinary actions?	Employment Questions	Nevada
Can an employer force an employee to use one company to provide a certain medication? Can an employer force an employee, that has health insurance with them, to use one company to provide a certain medication?	Employment Questions	California
What is squatters rights? What is squatters rights?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
How do you serve a person divorce and custody papers when you don&#39;t know where they are at? How do you serve a person divorce and custody papers when you don't know where they are at?  The other parent has a warrant for arrest and been on run since November of last year.	Family Questions	California
If I am making $48 monthly payment to a collection agency but want more, can they garnish my wages? If I am making a $48.00 a month payment to a collection agency but they want more, can they garnish my wages?	Employment Questions	Idaho
What can I do to report as my stepson and his girlfriend doesn&#39;t want leave my home? My stepson and his girlfriend doesn't want lo leave my house. What can I do to report as they don't want leave my home?	Family Questions	California
Do I have to give my ex half of the renters rebate when she never worked or paid the rent? Ok me an my soon to be ex wife separated march 12 2012. An at that time she moved out!!  So my question is do i have to give her half of the renters rebate (property tax refund)?  She never worked or paid the rent.	Family Questions	Minnesota
Does the person removing their name from the contract get anything or have to pay anything? I own a home with my girlfriend. Both of our names are on the mortgage contract, but I am thinking of ending the relationship. Would we have to agree on a settlement for one of our names to be taken off the contract? Does the person removing their name from the contract get anything or have to pay anything? Or is there a way to sell the home back to the bank or do we have to sell it while both of our names are still on the contract?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is my daughter liable if the  landlord says there&#39;s damages to the apartment because of bed bugs? My daughter signed a rental agreement for an apartment with a friend, and I co-signed the agreement since she did not have a job.  Due to medical reasons, she had to move out within a month.   I continued paying the rent for the full term of the lease so that my credit would not be affected.Now the landlord says there is $4,000 worth of damage to the apartment because of bed bugs.Is my daughter and I liable for these damages?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can you get kicked out of a hotel after 6 months of staying there for not paying the last month? Can you get kicked out a hotel after 6 months of staying there for not paying the last month?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Would I be responsible for the loans made through the parents of my ex? I am getting a divorce soon and through my marriage my wife and I had made several loans through her parents. None of these loans have any type of contracts or paperwork. Would I be responsible for theses?Thanks	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Car accident payment I got in a car accident in the company vehicle. The accident was my fault, but instead of having their insurance pay for the repairs to the vehicle, they're making me pay for it. Can they do this?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Two relatives co-own land in WV and FL; one has paid all property taxes for 27 years, the other refuses to pay one cent. Can taxpayer get the non-taxpayer removed from the deed? If not, what can he do?  Does it make a difference if the non-taxpayer is filing bankruptcy?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can you file unemployment if you are a seasonal worker? Can you file unemployment if you are a seasonal worker?	Employment Questions	Florida
Do Federal anti-trust laws apply to corporate farming? Do Federal anti-trust laws apply to corporate farming?	Employment Questions	California
Can employer reduce the hours after employee reports for work? If employer schedules employee to work certain hours for the week can employer reduce the hours after employee reports for work?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Would it be better to get custody or go for a private adoption if my friend wants to give me her unborn child? My friend wants to give me her unborn child. I am willing to take this on, due to me unable to have children on my own. Would it be better to get custody or go for a private adoption? Thank you.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What is the law for time differential for night hours? what is the law for time differential for night hours?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
When child support takes your tax refund what happens to that money? When child support takes your tax refund what happens to that money? Does it go on your back support amount you owe?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Is it true that the condo association doesn&#39;t allow signs and is it illegal if I do? I live in a condo community in Mesa AZ and placed a "for sale" sign outside of condo on public easement.  The condo association called and advised that the law doesn't allow signs. True?	Real Estate Questions	California
If my ex-spouse and I have joint custody but my youngest son has to spend his nights with his father, can he keep him from me as a punishment for not letting him take my oldest after he left him at school?	Family Questions	New Hampshire
How do I petition for my mother&#39;s custody if she has a month to live? My mother has maybe a month to live and her medical needs are not being met at the health care facility she is currently at. One of the nurses at the facility suggested that I go to court as soon as possible to petition for her custody ... How do I petition for my mother's custody?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I file a quit claim deed to transfer home in my name? I rented with option to buy through verbal agreement: owner to tenant financed. Unfortunately 3 months after I moved in, my landlord passed away, no next of kin found and i did his funeral, house still under his name can. Question; can I file aquit claim deedto transfer home in my name?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If I was served with a temporary restraining order, do I have to go to court? If I was served with a temporary restraining order, do I have to go to court?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
If you were getting a set salary and you were working 5 hours over, what to do to get paid for those hours? if you were getting a set salary for working 40 hrs a week and you were working 5 hrs over each week what can you do to get paid for those hrs? This was going on for about 3yrs.	Employment Questions	Florida
Need legal assistance on a short term disability case when my doctor not providing proper info? I need legal assistance on a short term disability case that was denied due to my doctor not providing proper documentation and then during my appeal. He claimed he saw no objective findings for me to be out on disability. Yet when we first discussed STD he agreed that I needed to be out, filed some paperwork and even wrote a letter for my appeal. I was diagnosed with SLE (lupus), Fibromyalgia, Sjogren's and Raynaud's.I have not been paid since Feb due to the denial and am now in a financial burden along with emotional distress over this. Please help!!	Employment Questions	Illinois
Has my ex listed me as a creditor if he filed for bankruptcy? My ex-husband has file for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy.  He had the notice sent to me.  Does that mean he has listed me as a creditor?  He owes me over $20,000 for back payment on the children's health insurance payments.  That doesn't even include what he owes me for their medical expenses.  Our divorce papers said he was pay for the health insurance payments and half their medical expense, but refuses to pay it.  What can I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
How much time can be served on a probation violation? How much time can be served on a probation violation?	Family Questions	Virginia
Necessary for an unwed father to take a DNA test if he signed the birth certificate? In Florida is it necessary for an unwed father to take a DNA test if he signed the birth certificate at the time of birth and the mother does not deny paternity? Is this enough for him to establish his rights as the father?	Family Questions	Florida
Husband plans to leave marriage after receiving lawsuit pay out. My husband of 9 years has a lawsuit that will pay out soon, but when he receive this pay out, he said he will be leaving the marriage. We have two kids together. Is there anything legally I can do?	Family Questions	Illinois
Question regarding violation of my privacy if an union representative gave personal info? I was just recently told by another co worker that she was asked questions about me by a union representative of my employer. The rep then told her that I was being fired from my job before I even knew and that I was not going to be eligible for unemployment if I tried to apply. Regardless of if that is true or not, I feel as though that was a violation of my privacy. That co worker and I aren't related. We have no ties except the job. Could this be a case?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I enroll my 17-year-old-son if he wants to live with me but my sister has custody? Can I enroll my 17-year-old-son if he wants to live with me but my sister has custody?	Family Questions	Florida
If there is a debt my mother has, how does the creditor get paid if we want to keep the home? I have a home that was left to me in my mother's will. There is a small mortgage and it is still in her name. I have been paying for it and have not change it into my name. Also the home is still in my mother's name. We are living in the home and would like to rebuild. I understand what probate is about but my first question is if there is a debt my mother has like a credit card or something that is not paid for how does the creditor get paid if we want to keep the home and not sell to pay her debt? Second should I change the mortgage and the deed over to my name before probate is done?How long does it take for a probate to be completed?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
With no court ruling, do both parents have 50/50 custody of the child in Pennsylvania? With no court ruling, do both parents have 50/50 custody of the child in Pennsylvania?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there a length of time that property taxes have to be unpaid before they can be auctioned off on a house? Is there a set length of time that property taxes have to be unpaid before they can be auctioned off on a house? How many years of tax liens on a house have to be owned before that person owns the home and can evict the current occupants?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Does an employer have the right to provide a proposal which includes contradictory offers? Hi, I was recently 'let go' from my job. My contract includes a 2 month salary severance. The separation proposal that I received contains an option for me to resign without receiving severance but to receive uncontested unemployment benefit. The second option is to accept termination and to expect my employer to contest unemployment benefit. I am not being accused of misconduct so my question would be does an employer have the right to provide a proposal which includes contradictory offers?	Employment Questions	Colorado
How do I go about filing a divorce in the newspaper? how do I go about filing a divorce in the newspaper?how much does it cost?	Family Questions	Georgia
Is my landlord responsible for bug problem like bedbugs? Is my landlord responsible for bug problem like bedbugs?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Right for mgmt giving my husband a deadline because his position is more important but isn&#39;t paid any more? My husband is Principal Trumpet of a professional orchestra. He is requesting a year leave that he is contractually eligible for. The mgmt has given him a deadline (which they have never done before) because his position is more important than other positions in the orchestra, but he isn't paid any more than other principals. Do they have a right to do so?	Employment Questions	Virginia
How do I go about finding how to free my innocent brother? How do I go about finding how to free my innocent brother?	Family Questions	California
How may hours per week can I work if I&#39;m a 17-year-old high school student online? I live in Wisconsin and go to high school online.  I am also 17.  How may hours per week can I work?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Can my ex legally evict me if I have been paying since she left? My ex-girlfriend and myself purchased a house 12 years ago as tenants in common. She moved out of the house 3 months ago and now says that she can pay off the mortgage and will force me to leave the house. Can she legally force me out of the house that I have been paying on since she left and if she does pay off the mortgage does it make her sole owner of the house? This action takes place in the state of New York, Cortland county.	Real Estate Questions	New York
What age can my daughter refuse to speak to her dad? My daughter recently turned 12. Her father and I have a custody agreement and I'm the custodial parent. Her father has shared custody on weekends and every other Sunday. The father has not seen his child in 30 months and has not shown up for his visits. The father calls our home sometimes leaving messages which I do pass on to our daughter. There isn't any consistency just when he feels the need. Sometimes he doesn't call for 4 or 5 months at a time. I have talked with my daughter at length but she does not wish to see him nor return his calls. As for me, I don't speak to him at all due to the fact that he was very abusive with me. At what age in Pennsylvania does she have the right to say in court that she doesn't want to see or talk to him anymore?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an employer require an employee to answer cell phones without compensation? Can an employer require an hourly employee to answer company cell phones when "punched out"/off the clock without compensation?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What can I do If I want to adopt my husband&#39;s daughter but I don&#39;t know where he is? My husband wants to adopt my daughter. She is 8 and her father doesn't know her or never seen her but he pays child support. I don't know where he is. What can i do?	Family Questions	Virginia
Mean when the deceased&#39;s property  taxes has listed as their first name and the the word estate? when a person dies,what does it mean when there property  taxes has them listed solely as there first name and the the word estate and then there last name? I am trying to find out if the property was left to me.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I file child custody forms myself? Can I file child custody forms myself?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can I move in with my grandmother with only my mother&#39;s consent? Can I move in with my grandmother with only my mother's consent?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Do credit card companies have the right to access your federal or state tax info? Do credit card companies have the right to access your federal or state tax info? -- Mary Boland, Colorado	Consumer Questions	Colorado
if someone is on the lease as an &quot;occupant&quot; and DID NOT sign the lease, can I just give him 30-day notice? if someone is only on the lease as an "occupant" and DID NOT sign the lease, can I just give him 30-day notice?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
What are the disclosure laws regarding salvaged mobile homes that were in floods? What are the disclosure laws regarding salvaged mobile homes that were in floods and my rights as a renter concerning black mold in the salvaged mobile home?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is there a law that says the owners have to have the septic tank emptied before someone else takes it? Is there a Colorado state law that says the owners of a property have to have the septic tank emptied before someone else takes possession of the property?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
If I pay child support, do I have to continue visitation with my child who does not want to come to my house? If I pay child support, do I have to continue visitation with my child who does not want to come to my house? I've expressed my concerns with the mother and she does not care that our daughter doesn't want to visit.	Family Questions	Washington
Is it legal for an employer to search your locker in the state of MN? Is it legal for an employer to search your locker in the state of MN?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
Can I sue a landlord for ending the lease early without 30 days notice? Can I sue a landlord for ending the lease early without 30 days notice?	Real Estate Questions	New York
how do I prove that I am living with someone and I am not on the lease? I need to know how do I prove that I am living with someone and I am not on the lease?	Family Questions	Illinois
What is my first step to obtaining joint custody? What is my first step to obtaining joint custody?	Family Questions	South Carolina
What legal issues should I most prepare for and buy insurance to cover for short-term rental? I have a short-term rental (vacation rental) and want to know what legal issues should I most prepare for and buy insurance to cover? Also, besides care of property and payment, are there any additional items or issues for me to be concerned about in the rental agreement?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Utah
Can an employer make you work 12 and 1/2 hours a day in the state of WI? Can an employer make you work 12 and 1/2 hours a day in the state of WI?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Can I sue for wrongful termination and lack of clarity on termination? I had an employer fire me and not contact me afterwards. I found out from other co workers that I was terminated. I had no warnings of termination and there are no written documents that say they tried to correct any behavior. Can I sue for wrongful termination and or lack of clarity on termination?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Do I have to have a license to be an escort in NY? Do I have to have a license to be an escort in NY?	Employment Questions	New York
Can I be emancipated at 16? Can I be emancipated at 16?At age 8 my grandparents adopted me. Lately, my grandpa has been emotionally abusing me. Telling me I am a waste of space, a worthless person, I'll never become anything, he hates me, until I cry. My grandma knows but doesn't do anything. I am getting a job, and have filled out 4 applications. I already have money saved in the bank. I have a car, and good grades. I've had suicide thoughts, and even have done self harm.	Family Questions	Missouri
What can I do if my landlord spent my deposit? What can I do if my landlord spent my deposit?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
How much should the landlord pay for my appliances? Some of my appliances were blown out when the plumber was working in my apartment. He was not certified, the landlord send him to fix the water leak.  How much should the landlord pay for my appliances?	Real Estate Questions	California
Does Race Track have any liability for this accident since it was on their property? Jonathan was pumping at gas at Race Track gas station.  An uninsured driver hits his car pinning him against the gas pump.  Does Race Track have any liability for this accident since it was on their property?  Please email me a&#x76;&#106;&#107;&#54;&#50;&#x35;&#64;&#103;&#x6d;&#97;&#105;&#x6c;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#x6d;.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
As his mother am I entitled to any of my son&#39;s estate if he didn&#39;t leave a will? My son passed away and didn't leave a will. He was divorced and has two adult sons.  As his mother am I entitled to any of his estate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Who is responsible for the Estate of a deceased parent in the state of Indiana? Who is responsible for the Estate of a deceased parent in the state of Indiana? Children, Executor of the Estate, etc.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
In the state of Florida, is a wife responsible for her husband&#39;s credit card debt? In the state of Florida, is a wife responsible for her husband's credit card debt?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Does proof of the subpoena have to be served to the opposing counsel after the Judge signs it in court? Does proof of the subpoena have to be served to the opposing counsel after the Judge signs it in Family court?	Family Questions	New York
How do I switch my case from one county when they keep telling me the county are like brother and sister? How do I switch my case from one county to another when they keep telling me the county are like brother an sister?	Family Questions	Michigan
How much older a child has to be to determine which parent to live with in Georgia? How much older a child has to be to determine which parent to live with in Georgia?	Family Questions	Georgia
Does my new spouse become financially responsible for prior debt owed before marriage? Does my new spouse become financially responsible for prior debt owed before marriage?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What are the rights of the parents and the rights of a grandmother given legal custody of the child in 2003? What are the rights of the parents and the rights of a grandmother given legal custody (care, custody, and control) of the child in 2003? The father who now lives in another state, has not seen child in 8 yrs, and wants to re-enter child's life. The child is 10 and has some developmental delays. father has paid a total of $100 child support.	Family Questions	North Carolina
Is it too late to sue my 19-year-old disabled daughter&#39;s father for child support? I have a 19 year old disabled daughter with cerebral palsy.  She is still in high school with two more years til she graduates.  Is it too late to sue her father for child support?  How long will he have to pay it if its not to late?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How do I file for a wrongful termination in Connecticut? How do I file for a wrongful termination in Connecticut?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
How do I get custody of my kids from my ex-wife? How do I get custody of my kids from my ex-wife?	Family Questions	Georgia
How do I get full custody of my 2-year-old son if I&#39;m a single mother? How do I get full custody of my 2-year-old son if I'm a single mother?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
What is the Penalty for driving without insurance in friend&#39;s car? What is the Penalty for driving without insurance in friend's car?	Criminal Questions	New York
Is it against the law for a school to have a policy that allows seniors to leave campus during their lunches? Is it against the law for a school to have a policy that allows seniors in high school to leave campus during their lunch period?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Once obtaining the will what will be my first step to getting the money owed to my mother? My father had a will that's in a safety deposit box in WV. He owned part of 3,000 acres and had oil and gas rights. Once obtaining the will what will be my first step to getting the money owed to my mother and I since were the heirs	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
If you call employee off 1/2 hr before shifts starts &amp; they are not punched in yet, do you have to pay them? If you call employee off 1/2 hr before their shifts starts & they are not punched in yet, do you have to pay them?	Employment Questions	New York
If I owe an employer can he continuously have me sign my paychecks over and he himself cash them? If I owe an employer can he continuously have me sign my paychecks over and he himself cash them and have me working for free?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can we do common law marriage if I&#39;m 62 and from Alabama? Age 62 in Alabama. I want to get married. Can we do common law marriage?	Family Questions	Alabama
What is the statute of limitations for driving on a revoked license in Illinois? What is the statute of limitations for driving on a revoked license in Illinois?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
What can I do if a new owner surveyed my property &amp; says she owns 9 feet and wants me to remove a fence? A new owner of house next to mine said he had my property surveyed. He said he owns 9 feet of my property and I have 2 weeks to move a fence that's been up for 15 years or he will tear it down. Also my lot size is bigger than what they surveyed. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Legal if owner has a rife that campers cannot buy, sell, trade or give away any items to other campers? I stay at a private Campground in Pa for 5 months in the summer. The owner has a rife that campers cannot buy, sell, trade or give away any items to other campers.  Examples would be lawn chairs, pots and pans, sheds etc, all of which are owned by the person camping.  personal property that is.Is this be legal?John T Szlucha	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I file for divorce in WI if ex lives in IL? I moved from Illinois in April but did not establish legal residency in Wisconsin until August.  I did buy Commercial property and lived there since April.  Can I file for divorce in WI even though my ex lives in Illinois?I haven't seen my 9 year old daughter since July because she won't let me and I can't afford a lawyer to fight for me.  Can I do anything at all about this?  I am looking for work but currently have no income and no money.	Family Questions	Wisconsin
If a property owner knows about a theft problem for quite awhile, can they be held responsible for the theft? If a property owner knows and has known about a theft problem for quite awhile, can they be held responsible for the theft??	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is the landlord responsible for negligence if my apartment was broken? Can the landlord be held responsible for negligence if my apartment was "broken" into and they entered my apartment for two days without notifying me at all?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can I get my children back if they have been adopted? My children have been adopted. Can I get them back?	Family Questions	New York
How much money can I sue for if I&#39;ve been falsely arrested and proved in court of a false report? How much money can sue for if I've been falsely arrested, bonded out of jail and proved it in court that he made a false report?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Are the insurance companies allowed to call the hospital to check and see if you payed your bill? Are the insurance companies allowed to call the hospital to check and see if you payed your bill?	Personal Injury Questions	California
If a order of protection has been dismissed by the court, can a wife force the husband out of the house? If a order of protection has been dismissed by the court, can a wife force the husband out of the house?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Is it difficult to evict someone from a home they are renting in Puerto Rico? I have a home in Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico that I have been renting out for the last 6 months.  The tenants signed a 1 year lease.  They have failed to pay this months rent, and are not taking my phone calls.  I recently found out that the water bill has not been paid in 4 months although the tenant says he has receipt.  I have been told that it is difficult to evict someone from a home they are renting in Puerto Rico.  Is this true?  What should I do.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What is the law on sign holding? What is the law on sign holding?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can an employer fire you while on disability? Can an employer fire you while on disability?	Employment Questions	California
Can my employer request a urine analysis if I have to go on leave? Can my employer request a urine analysis if I have to go on leave due to a non-work related injury?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my dad&#39;s friend get his house? This woman has been living in my father's house for many years, they do not sleep together.  I just found out she owns a home just 4 minutes away, nobody lives there.  If my dad dies could she have rights to his house?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Against the seat belt law if a passenger is riding in the cargo area of a pickup truck? Is it against the seat belt law (9-19-10-2) in Indiana if a passenger is riding in the cargo area of a pickup truck?  Is it illegal for a person to ride in the cargo bed of a pickup truck?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
What kind of legal permits should I have if I open a cigar lounge without any alcohol? What kind of legal permits should I have if I open a cigar lounge without any alcohol?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Virginia
If the father did not do anything for my child does he have the right to see her? If the father did not do anything for my child? Does he have the right to see her?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can someone be charged with theft after repayment was agreed to and received?	Criminal Questions	Ohio
Am I entitled to a refund on a used vehicle that is not yet registered, insured, or inspected? Am I entitled to a refund on a used vehicle that is not yet registered, insured, or inspected because my mechanic deemed as undriveable due to a few major problems?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Is it legal to charge rent when apartment not ready to inhabit? They gave me the contract to sign and later showed me the apartment. The apartment was not ready and there was not a stove or refrigerator in the kitchen. Also, there were leaks, paint on floor, unsealed window, and nails on floor.  Now she is charging me 6 months rent.	Contract Questions	Texas
Can a parent who was awarded custody be summoned to have the final ruling overturned? Can a parent who was awarded physical and legal custody of a child because of an abusive situation be summoned to have the final ruling overturned?	Family Questions	Virginia
Question about abolishing a few laws? Hello from Greece,i want to know how can i destroy this Law 3852/2010 (see more here:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Administrative_divisions_of_Greece) and the Law 1850/1989 of European Charter of Local Self-Government (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Charter_of_Local_Self-Government). To recognize the direct Democracy and the Popular assembly for Goverment of one small village.	Real Estate Questions	35
Can I have case dismissed because signature was forged? I was forced to plead guilty to 1 SEC charge for a business of my ex-husband's who forged my signature. I've had to pay restitution to investors that I never signed stock certificates.  Is it possible to have my case dismissed due to how my case was handled fraudulently?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Can a 16 year old legally leave home and live with someone else without a parent&#39;s consent? Can a 16 year old legally leave home and live with someone else without a parent's consent? He lives in the state of IL. I have to great nephews  who live with their dad and stepmom and they are totally controlled by their stepmom and hate her. They both are good kids and just are tired of their dad never standing up to her and allowing her to impose ridiculous punishment and grounding them senselessly.	Family Questions	Illinois
Are CA employers required to provide water for all their employees? Are California employers required to provide water for all their employees, whether outdoor or indoor?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Do I owe money to Chase if it involved a scam? We sold our home in Hamilton Ohio in June 2009.  Two months later we received a refund check from our mortgage lender, Chase for real estate taxes.  In Sept 2011 we were notified by Corelogic (a tax servic) that they incorrectly refunded Chase and Chase incorrectly refunded us and wanted their money back.  I responded and filed a claim with Chase and told them that I believed this to be a scam.  I did not hear back from them until today (9 months later) and they still want the refund "back".  As I did not contract with Corelogic, I don't feel that I owe them the money.  The amount is over $2k.  Do I owe it?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What are the laws in Chicago, Illinois regarding digital advertisements on vehicles? What are the laws in Chicago, Illinois regarding digital advertisements on vehicles?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Illinois
What&#39;s the difference between special POA and general POA? What's the difference between special POA and general POA?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What is the highest interest rate one can have on a car loan in PA? What is the highest interest rate one can have on a car loan in PA?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Rules that say we have to have air in the building and does the manager have the right to change our time? I work in a newspaper place in GA. Is there any rules that say we have to have air in the building and does the manager have the right to change our time?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Does my place of employment have the right to be in my personal life after work if i have broke no laws? Does my place of employment have the right to be in my personal life after work if i have broke no laws?	Employment Questions	Indiana
What type of lawyer to help find the person who owes money to an old co-worker? What type of lawyer help find the person who owes money to an old co-worker? I would like to narrow straight to correct lawyer that can help me track down the person that owes me money.	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Does it cancel out any child support that is due if one of my children lives with the father? I have two children ages 14 and 15, the 14 year old has decided to live with his father.  Does this cancel out any child support that is due???	Family Questions	California
Homeowner Foreclosure threat by the bank. Losing our home is imminent.  Which is the best route to go - Short Sale, Foreclosure or Deed-in-Lieu?  I am dealing with Chase Bank.	Real Estate Questions	Wyoming
Does the property go to me when my mother had no will and orginating from my late grandfather? My grandfather died, leaving some property to my mother. Now she has died and I am the only remaining child. Does the property go to me and see had no will?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What to do if I have property line issues with neighbor? What to do if I have property line issues with neighbor?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What constitutes a legal contract of employment? What constitutes a legal contract of employment?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I use &amp; clear a county easement as long as I know I can&#39;t build a structure on it but can take trees down? Can I use and clear a county easement as long as I know I can't  build a structure on it but can take trees down and put grass on it? It is attached to my property. I would also like to know if a tree is in my neighbors yard but the limbs of that tree are hanging over the fence can I cut them? I live in Walton County Florida	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How long do you have to sue someone on a death that happened on a shrimp boat? How long do you have to sue someone on a death that happened on a shrimp boat?	Personal Injury Questions	Alabama
Would federal law cover me in VA if I have 12 years experience? VA law says for LEOSA that you need 15 years experience. Federal law HR218 says 10 years. Wouldn't  federal law cover me in VA as I have 12 years experience?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Can a landlord charge first, last and security before renting a property? Can a landlord charge first, last and security before renting a property?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How can I evict a person who is not on my lease in the state of Georgia? How can I evict a person who is not on my lease in the state of Georgia?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Question regarding back child support on personal property? My question is about back child support: 74-20A-60 lien on personal property. My husband has some back child support issues but recently has become my issue also. How can they put a lien on a truck that has both mine and his name on the title I'm just the new wife for about 6 yrs now. Is this legal?	Family Questions	Washington
Can I go naked outside if I&#39;m 17 and live in Missouri? Can I go naked outside if I'm 17 and live in Missouri?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
Per California Court Rules, what is the form No. requesting the courts review of the petition as false? per California Court Rules, what is the form No. requesting the courts review of the petition as false?	Family Questions	California
Is driver&#39;s school an option if I was accused of running a red light? Hey, I live in NC, and I was recently accused of running a red light. I could contest the ticket in court, but I'm afraid that it might result in points on my license and cause an increase in insurance. I want to prevent a hike in my insurance. Is driver's school an option? If so, will my insurance be notified if I take driver's school and pass? Can I prevent a hike in price?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
As a landlord in CA, I was wondering if I have the right to hold a spare key for case of emergency? As a landlord in CA, I was wondering if I have the right to hold a spare key for case of emergency? If so, is there a standard term that I can use in my contract?	Real Estate Questions	Arizona
What rights do employees have for a lunch period in nevada?	Employment Questions	Nevada
Help settle the matter of a bench warrant out for me? I received 2 tickets in 2005 and shortly afterwards found myself homeless and severely depressed (I'm still under a Psychiatrist's care).  One ticket can be paid and the other has to be reset for a court appearance.    I now want to take care of this matter but afraid there's a bench warrant out for me.  Can You help me with this case?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Is it legal if I&#39;m given a two-week notice because I can&#39;t work one day which is a school day? I've been working for months. It's coming up on a full year that the reason they give me a two-week notice is because I can't work one day (Wednesday) cause of school. Is that legal?	Employment Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	California
Do I have to pay bill if specifications or budget requirements not met? Am I obligated to pay a bill for a set of house plans that didn't meet my specifications or budget requirements? I was under no contractual agreement with the builder but he sent a bill because I didn't accept his bid which was $30K over budget.	Commercial Questions,Construction Law Questions,Consumer Questions	Utah
If you are leasing a home from a private party &amp; they go into foreclosure, how long before they move out? In Minnesota, if you are leasing/renting a home from a private party and the home owner goes into foreclosure, how long does the renter have before they are obligated to move out?	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
Can I file bankruptcy on my own without including my husband? I was diagnosed with MS in 2009, I have been unable to work, and have been denied disability benefits. I am being sued by Chase for almost 3000! The original credit card limit was only 500. Can I file bankruptcy on my own without including my husband? The credit card was in my name only.	Consumer Questions	Georgia
If the dispute is not settled in 28 days, do I still pay the landlord the rent? I am a beautician who rents a space inside a barber shop.  My landlady has just received an eviction notice to be out in 30 days.  She is not paying HER rent to her landlord.  If the dispute is not settled in 28 days (when my rent is due), do I still pay her my rent or do I give it to her Landlord (who is also the owner of the property)?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Missouri
If landlord tells renter not to drink the water, does renter have right to charge for bottled water? If landlord tells renter not to drink the water, does renter have right to charge for bottled water?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
If I have lived as a renting tenant in the same house for 17 years, do I have any special privileges? In Michigan, if I have lived as a renting tenant in the same house for 17 years, do I have any special privileges upon notice to vacate because of the length of tenancy?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Better chance of gaining custody of your child if you can prove that your wife is being unfaithful? Do you have a better chance of gaining custody of your child if you can prove that your wife is being unfaithful in our relationship ?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What is Alabama&#39;s state law regarding confidentiality of a minor? What is Alabama's state law regarding confidentiality of a minor?	Family Questions	Alabama
if you have had a temporary custody order set and it never went any further, is it still temporary custody? if you have had a temporary custody order set and it never went any further how do you know if you still have temporary custody?	Family Questions	Indiana
What to expect if my ex is filing a petition to  prevent me and my two children to relocate? My ex husband is filing a petition to prevent me and my two children to relocate within the legal (state of Alabama) 60 mile radius. What might I expect from this?	Family Questions	Alabama
Discrimination if I was not hired due to my previous employment as a Union Representative? I was not hired due to my previous employment as a Union Representative. Is that Discrimination?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What is the notice responsibility of a landlord to raise the rent on a home that is currently rented? What is the notice responsibility of a landlord in the state of Florida of being able to raise the rent on a home that is currently rented.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it legal for my employer to have any staff member working alone at anytime? I work in a CBRF (community based residential facility) in the Alzheimer's/Dementia Unit. We have a total of 10 resident's who reside there. Is it at all legal (in anyway, shape or form) for my employer to have any staff member working alone at anytime?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
If your primary parent has custody of you can the other parent decide where you go to school? If your primary parent has custody of you can the other parent decide where you go to school?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
What is the time limit for holding a minor before he or she is arraigned in the state of Indiana? What is the time limit for holding a minor before he or she is arraigned in the state of Indiana? Does a holiday effect that time limit?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
What are my chances of getting full custody of my kids? What are my chances of getting full custody of my kids?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can someone be charged with accepting gifts from a boyfriend in the line of duty? Can someone be charged with accepting gifts from a boyfriend in the line of duty?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can someone be prosecuted and forced to book and release for a crime they were never charged with? Can someone be prosecuted and forced to book and release for a crime they were never charged with?  And what is the defense for this?	Criminal Questions	Utah
Can my husband&#39;s ex claim my income to determine support paid? Can my husband's ex claim my income to determine support paid?	Family Questions	New York
What to do if I was sent to another city when I would not falsify federal papers? What to do if I was sent to another city when I would not falsify federal papers?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Legal for an employer to change work hours without informing employees on bereavement leave? is it legal for an employer to change work hours or days without informing employees on bereavement leave or vacation?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is there a form that my friend can file with the court to compel his brother to probate the Will? I am attempting to get some information for a friend.  His motherreportedly bequeathed some land to him in her Will, but his brother,who is executor, refuses to probate the Will. My friend would liketo know if there is a form that he can file with the court to compelhis brother to probate the Will.Unfortunately, he is financially unable to obtain a lawyer to resolvethe issue.His mother lived in Klackamas County Oregon, and the land in question isalso in Klackamas County Oregon. She died in February, 2010, so there hasbeen adequate time to probate the Will.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
If a service is hindering our business due to no fault of our own, is there a legal way to get out of the contract? Our company wants to terminate services with a cell phone company due to it not working properly. Since we are under contract they want us to pay a fee. If it is hindering our business due to no fault of our own, is there a legal way to get out of the contract?	Consumer Questions	Florida
How will it affect me if I&#39;m separating from my ex for almost 2 years &amp; he&#39;s claiming bankruptcy? I'm separated from my husband, for almost 2 years. He is claiming bankruptcy.  How this affect me?	Family Questions	Michigan
Are there any rights a man has to not give away half of his property? Are there any rights a man has to not give away half of his property? man is 60year old disabled vet on disability income who paid cash for property out of his own income.female is 44 year old able to work.married only 4 years.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Do I have until today to pay rent without a penalty? My rent was due on the 1st and I had until the 3rd to pay without late fees.  Yesterday, the 3rd, was a holiday.  Do I have until today to pay without a penalty?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
What is the law for an heir that is deceased  and has no children and spouse is deceased? What is the law in Alabama for an heir that is deceased  and has no children and spouse is deceased?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Question regarding notice to vacate for the new tenant and backs out? if i givenotice to vacateand they ask me to move out earlier to accommodate a new tenant, that person decides not to move in am i still responsible for the remainder of the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
How old does a cps case need to be in order to get exempt? How old does a cps case need to be in order to get exempt?	Family Questions	California
Question regarding getting charged out of my weekly earnings for a freight bill? The company I drive for is telling me they are going to charge me $2600.00 and take it out of my weekly earnings for the freight bill on 12 pallets that were not loaded on my truck. Can they do this?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal in Louisiana for a hotel to put you out during a (thunderstorm) Isaac or not? Is it legal in Louisiana for a hotel to put you out during a (thunderstorm) Isaac or not?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Help if there is no Estate bank account and the lawyer of the Estate is asking for one? My Step-Dad passed away and left my Mom 1/3 his estate. She passed away 6 months later and his daughters sold 2 lots and Mom's beneficiaries did not receive her 1/3 of it. And the house was sold and we have not received anything from that. No paperwork has been sent as per the will on how much was used to pay things. My husband has called several times to get the paperwork, and we still have not received any. Dad died July 25, 2011 and Mom Jan. 10, 2012. Her will was cut and dried and the probate office in Webster, Florida said there was no Estate because she had everything "cut and dried". There is no Estate bank account and the lawyer of the Estate is asking for one. Help	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How soon must charges be filed for domestic violence before an arrested person has to be released? How soon must charges be filed for domestic violence in Florida before an arrested person has to be released?	Criminal Questions	Florida
As a coop purchaser what closing time extension can I have? As a coop purchaser what closing time extension can I have?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Can I hold a landlord accountable if he rents out a home to people who are a menace? Can I hold a landlord accountable if he rents out a home to people who are a menace to the neighborhood? Can I request that the landlord evict the individuals?	Family Questions	Florida
Question regarding paying child support but then I lost my job and my license was suspended? I was paying child support but then I lost my job and my license was suspended due to delinquent child support payments. How can I get them back?	Family Questions	Maryland
Question regarding a lawsuit for downloading copyrighted material? I live in Missouri and was sent a letter from a law firm from the Southern District of Indiana concerning a lawsuit for downloading copyrighted material.  Do I fall within the jurisdiction of the Southern District of Indiana?	Consumer Questions	Missouri
What to do if I&#39;d like a court order for back rent due from the tenants? I'd like a court order for back rent due from the tenants.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Is a will legal if it is handwritten and signed by a notary? Is a will legal if it is handwritten and signed by a notary?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What happens to my house when if my husband dies and his sisters are on the deed? What happens to my house when if my husband dies and his sisters are on the deed?	Family Questions,Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Does the state of Georgia allow bonds bailers? Does the state of Georgia allow bonds bailers?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
If a non-married couple lives together in a house owned by the man, does the girlfriend have rights to the house after they break up? If a non-married couple lives together in a house owned by the man, does the girlfriend have rights to the house after they break up?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Can I get charged with harassment for asking questions? Can I get charged with harassment for asking questions?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Is company at fault for invasion of privacy? I have a personal Iphone.  My company requires me to carry unlimited data so I can access my work email.  The company accessed my phone to put their security applications on it.  If they can access my phone to add these security applications can they also access my personal text messages?  If they are doing this, is it  an invasion of my privacy?	Employment Questions	Colorado
How does the Florida statue 83.49 work? How does the Florida statue 83.49 work? Does it start from the date of the receipt of the certified letter or does the fifteen day start from the date that the landlord send the certified letter?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Illegal to talk on cell phone while driving? Illegal to talk on cell phone while driving?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Can I be evicted with only three days to move? I just received a three day notice to pay or quit (title of letter). There is also a demand for possession in three days. Can I be evicted with only three days to move? Is this an eviction or pay, or antenant eviction notice?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Can I get a ticket for dropping my daughter in front of Petsmart while still in the car? I got a ticket in Fayetteville Georgia in front of Petsmart for parking in the fire lane.  I was dropping my daughter off and still in the vehicle with the vehicle running and I received a ticket for parking in the fire lane.  Can they do this? How much will this cost me?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What are the guidelines if I&#39;m to pay for day care expenses but now the child is in after school care? According to our settlement agreement, I am required to pay for 'day care' expenses, but now that my child is entering kindergarten, there are no longer any. My ex now wants me to pay for 'after school care'. According to our settlement agreement, am I required to pay this as well?	Family Questions	Georgia
Does a 15-year-old have a right to choose where they live? Does a 15-year-old have a right to choose where they live?	Family Questions	California
Do I answer their request or just wait for the judge to answer my request? I filed a child custody case and the respondent avoided service of papers. I'm waiting on approval from judge to do service by publication. The respondent went and filed the same child custody papers as if they were the petitioner. Do I answer their request or just wait for the judge to answer my request?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Arizona
Can grandmother get custody if mother unfit? What rights do I have as a grandmother? I want custody and the mother is unfit.	Family Questions	West Virginia
If my doctor puts me off work and I am on FMLA, can they take away my approved vacation? If my doctor puts me off work until a specific date and I am on FMLA until that time and on the specific date of return I have a vacation scheduled can they take away my already approved vacation?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What should I do if the wife of my boss is harassing me for being pregnant? Hi I work at a medical office and I've been there for last then a year and everything has been great until my boss hired his wife as a office manager. I became pregnant and she started harassing me and she has made my pregnancy very stressful. For example she makes wear jacket when I'm having hot flashes, she attacks me by arguing me about during her job, she makes do physical and heavy lifting and rights me up if I voice my opinion in meetings and those are just some of what she does, I cry most days because of her and just leave my job. I can't complain to the boss because that's his wife, but he knows what she does to me. What should I do?	Employment Questions	Florida
Do I still have to make child support payments for a 21-year-old child in college? Do I still have to make child support payments for a 21-year-old child in college?	Family Questions	New York
If I&#39;m a 6-month resident in a state, can my ex file for custody in another state? If I'm a 6-month resident in a state, can my ex file for custody in another state?	Family Questions	Florida
Which state is better for spousal support: NY or FL? Which state is better for spousal support: NY or FL?	Family Questions	New Jersey
What to do if mother never worked and kids are in school? Mother never worked, kids are all in school. She is the one who left husband and children	Family Questions	Louisiana
If a parent is granted custody or the child decides to live with a parent, who owes child support? if a parent is granted custody or the child decides to live with a parent who owes child support? Does the owned child support go away?	Family Questions	North Carolina
When filing a pre se dissolution, does the state take a position if a financial affidavit is a negative balance? When filing a pre se dissolution in the state of CT, does the state take a position if one of the financial affidavits is a negative balance?	Family Questions	Connecticut
As a landlord do I have to physically put the trash out to the street for removal? As a landlord do I have to physically put the trash out to the street for removal?  We pay for the trash company and provide the cans.  We are in Ohio.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Ohio
Should holiday pay be double time? I work for the City of Fountain, Mn. as the City Maintenance person and Wastewater Operator.  I am basically the only person in this position except for a very part time person who fills in for a couple of hours on a weekend occasionally so that I am not working 24/7 and can actually leave town.  I paid a salary of $32K and am not paid any overtime.  From reading the FLSA regulations I believe I am non exempt and should be getting time and a half for the countless over time hours I work. Plus I don't get holiday pay and I have to work at least a few hours every holiday. Should holiday pay be double time? Could you please advise me on this?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
Is it legal for employer to deny pay after giving promotion in writing? if employer promises promotion in writing and u begin the job then deny you the pay?	Contract Questions	Tennessee
What is the portal to portal rule involving motor vehicles? What is the portal to portal rule involving motor vehicles in New York state?	Employment Questions	New York
What to do if respondent hiding in Florida? What do I do if the respondant is hiding from service in a dissolution of marriage with kids in Florida?	Family Questions	Florida
Can my employer ask me to sign a waiver accepting responsibility for their portion of a fine should I get caught using a cell phone while driving? Can my employer ask me to sign a waiver accepting responsibility for their portion of a fine should I get caught using a cell phone while driving? Can they threaten or follow through with dismissal if I don't sign?	Employment Questions	Oregon
If you owe arrears in child support and they are garnishing your check can you get a passport? If you owe arrears in child support but now have a job and they are garnishing your check can you get a passport?	Family Questions	Georgia
Legal to be working a couple hours over with no pay? I work at Taco Bell, and every time I close I end up working a couple hours over with no pay! Let's say I'm scheduled 8pm~1am. We close at 12 & get a hour to clean up, but it' not enough time. Is this legal? I feel if i'm WORKING I definitely should be paid.	Employment Questions	Michigan
How should I answer questions if I got into an accident without insurance and they keep calling me? I got into an accident without insurance and the insurance companies keep calling me. What should I do? Should I answer? How should I answer questions?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Is it possible to do a divorce without my fiancee going to Singapore? I live in the USA and I have a fiancee who lives in Singapore, she is currently still married, but due to financial and living situations has been unable to fully file for divorce.  She wants to come to the USA and file for divorce here. Is it possible to do without her going to Singapore?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Upon my mother&#39;s death, is the house considered a part of her estate, or do I own the property? One year before my mothers death, she quick deeded her house to me for $1.00.  Upon her death, is the house considered a part of her estate, or do I own the property?	Family Questions	Michigan
Where do you go to find out how much back child support you owe? Where do you go to find out how much back child support you owe?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Next step if relocated to another state with the rent checks left bounced due to unforeseen circumstances? Next step if relocated to another state with the rent checks left bounced due to unforeseen circumstances?	Criminal Questions	Florida
What should I do if my ex is claiming the house since it is under his name but we have a child? I brought my home about two years ago but it's under my boyfriend name because I didn't have credit and now we broke off and he is claiming it his house. We have a child together. What should I do now?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How to take action against website? How can I take legal action against one website that has not delivered my complete gift?	Consumer Questions	19
Can my employer change my shift without my approval? Can my employer change my shift without my approval?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What do I do if I have a $1300 water bill due to leaking and I can&#39;t afford to pay? I have a $1300 water bill due to leaking and I can't afford to pay. What do I do?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Question regarding about getting in trouble with the school about illegal activities on social media? If i was to talk to a kid about selling marijuana on Facebook and his mom saw it and showed the school and the recourse officer what do i do?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
What to do if my landlord refuses to fix the mold that&#39;s making me sick? Every time I go home I get sick from a strange smell in my kitchen. I think its mold. My landlord won't send a specialist just a Handy man. It needs to b tested. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
How to change court jurisdiction for emergency child custody case in Indiana? How to change court jurisdiction for emergency child custody case in Indiana?	Family Questions	Indiana
How do I fight the moving violation if it was defective, and did not warrant a hearing? The moving violation i got was defective, and did not warrant a hearing. But they had one anyway. How do I fight it?	Family Questions	New York
Can I legally take my children to Utah? My boyfriend and I have two young boys, he is using meth and hardly ever comes home , he also hasn't had a job for about 4months now. I believe he is using and selling meth and possibly other illegal drugs as well . My question is concerning custody of our two boys, ages 2 years and 9months. I moved here to Missouri 9years ago I have an 8year old son as well that I share joint custody with his father, I want to leave my boyfriend to protect my kids and I but I have no family or friends in Missouri, I would need to move to Utah where my family is, I want to know if I can legally take my children to Utah?	Family Questions	Missouri
Question regarding accrued vacation time from my employer with my set time of hours? I have a problem at work, and before I move further on the matter, I wanted to know if what they were doing was legal. My company was taken over by a corp. I was hired as a full time person which is a min of 32 hours. I carry the insurance for my family and I accrue vacation time according to hours worked but not if it's under 32 hours. Now they are cutting hours of most staff, which means I won't be able to make 32 hours in a week.  I would like to know if the company can do that cause my insurance is at risk, which by Ma law I have to have, and I can't accrue vacation time.   I'm confused and management doesn't care.  It would be great if someone could get me an answer.  Thanks.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How is my son&#39;s money in the bank prior to his marriage treated in terms of the divorce settlement? My son has $7000 in the bank prior to his marriage which is dissolving after 2 years.  They together have liquid cash assets of $40,000 primarily from my son's military income and bonuses.  How is the $7000 treated in terms of the divorce settlement?	Family Questions	Michigan
If I had a felony in NC and move to MD would the 7 year rule of the FCRA protect me? If I had a felony in NC and move to MD would the 7 year rule of the FCRA protect me from the felony if its over seven years old in NC? Would I need to disclose it to employers in the state of Maryland? The charge was a Tax Evasion.	Employment Questions	South Carolina
What to do if I&#39;m on disability with a failing business trying to get alimony from my wife? I have no money or credit cards. I'm on disability 100% with a failing business trying to get alimony from my wife who makes over $200,000 a year?"	Family Questions	Florida
What to do if I would like my daughter&#39;s father&#39;s rights revoked as my fiance would like to adopt her? I would like my daughters fathers rights revoked as my fiance would like to adopt her. her father has only met her a few times, and does not pay the 10 dollars a week he is ordered to pay. He lives out of state and is unemployed. I feel its in the best interest of my daughter as she feels my fiance is her father and emotionally and financially supports her.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Question regarding to start a business where people can use my equipment to make beer? I would like to start a business where people can use my equipment to make beer. I would charge them for supplies and the use of my equipment, but would not sell alcohol. Would I need to have a license for selling beer, such as a beer distributor license or beer brewery license?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Pennsylvania
What can I do if my son&#39;s live-in girlfriend, mother of my granddaughters, will not allow me to see them? What can I do if my son's live-in girlfriend, mother of my granddaughters, will not allow me to see them?	Family Questions	Nevada
By law what is the largest amount of money you are allowed to walk around with? by law what is the largest amount of money you are allowed to walk around with?	Consumer Questions	Connecticut
what is the filing time limit on suing a county jail in Indiana for false imprisonment? What is the filing time limit on suing a county jail in Indiana for false imprisonment?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Can an employer ask me to a meeting two days after my doctor wrote me off from work? Can an employer ask me to a meeting two days after my dr wrote me off from work? I had been off and on disability leave for two years trying to figure out health issues. Dr suspected environmental contaminant/allergy at work was causing issue.	Employment Questions	Utah
What to do if I bought a home with my aunt and refuses to sign over the deed unless I give her money? I Brought a home in 2006 with my Aunt. She moved out and refuses to sign over the deed unless I give her 30k dollars.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What to do if I got fired from my job for stealing scrap metal but manager said it was okay? I got fired from my job company and said I stole scrap metal but project manager said it was okay?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If my child&#39;s father owes child support, will his settlement help me when he has no job? If my child's father owes child support, will his settlement help me when he has no job?	Family Questions	Michigan
Legal for a taxi/airport service to hire a registered sex offender with no background check? I would like to know is it legal for a taxi/airport service to hire a registered sex offender with no background check?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can I withhold rent because an alarm has been giving me problems in my rental complex for 2 months? Can I withhold rent because an alarm has been giving me problems in my rental complex for 2 months? It's next to my bedroom and I am not able to sleep at night.	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Do I have to have a license and if so what type to sell a cup of coffee at a farmers market in Naples fl? Do I have to have a license and if so what type to sell a cup of coffee at a farmers market in Naples fl?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
Can I ask someone on an apartment rental application if they are a us citizen in Indiana? Can I ask someone on an apartmentrental applicationif they are a us citizen in Indiana?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
If I want to sign my rights over for a child do i still pay child support? If I want to sign my rights over for a child do i still pay child support?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can I cash a check made out to my late mother? Can I cash a check made out to my late mother?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Question regarding canceling PTO? My employer forced me to take vacation on 1 week.  I felt out PTO form 1 month prior my vacation but  I tried to cancel it 10 days before and my boss told me i can not cancel PTO.	Employment Questions	Florida
If my wife leaves me and moves out of the residence, how should I proceed with property settlement? If my wife leaves me and moves out of the marital residence, how should I proceed with property settlement?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Does that mean we are legally divorced if I filed a new trial for my divorce? I filed a new trial for my divorce. Does that mean we are legally divorced?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can your job terminate you for having too many on-the-job accidents? Can your job terminate you for having too many on-the-job accidents?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Do I have any chance of retaining guardianship? I have legal guardianship of a 6 year old that is unrelated to me, now mom wants her back.  Do I have any chance of retaining guardianship?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can the letter I sent my landlord override the signed lease renewal even if I did meet the timespan to cancel? I have not had returned to me, from my landlord, the signed lease renewal which will begin in August.  Since it is ending so soon I decided to start looking for a new apartment.  I gave her 31 days notice yesterday my sending her a signed letter telling her that I will not renew the lease after all, and that the letter she received superseded any previously signed lease agreements.  My questions are (1) how much time do I need to give her to cancel this and (2) can the letter I sent her override the signed lease renewal, even if I did meet the time span necessary to cancel it and (3) would she be able to charge me rent and say that I signed it  it's valid, even though I never received a copy of it with her signature on it?  I'm confused!!!	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can you own a pig in Connecticut? Can you own a pig in Connecticut?	Family Questions	Connecticut
Ethical for my employer to refuse to credit me and provide commission? As an exclusive manufacturing rep I have been encouraged to develop equipment sales through industrial distributors on a hand shake.  I have worked this specific distributor for 3 years.  March 29th, 2012 the company said through an email that effective immediately they are bypassing me and selling direct.  Two months later they sold their equipment worth over $400k and refuse to credit me and provide commission.  Is he ethical?  Do I any recourse.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
When I go for a downward modification because of my daughter turning 21 what should I expect? I currently have two daughters of which I pay 200  a month in child support.  One will be 21 this October and the other 19.  However, I am on disability and only make $1193 a month.  I thought that this amount was under poverty level.  I agreed to the 200 because I felt I had an obligation to my children.  However i have not seen or heard from my children in over two years.  When I go for a downward modification because of my daughter turning 21 what should I expect?	Family Questions	New York
Can a collection agency go into your bank account to collect a debt with no warning or without contacting me first? Can a collection agency go into your bank account to collect a debt with no warning or without contacting me first?  They did have a judgement to garnish my checks but that judgment according to them expired in Oct. 2011. I just found out today that they went into my account and took the remaining balance can they do that with out first trying to contact me?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
What legal document would I need to use concerning my father leaving the family cabin to me? what legal document would I need to use for this: My father want's me to have something written up that says that his 1/3 share of his family cabin will be left to me? He wants to make sure my sister and mom don't have control over it.	Real Estate Questions	Utah
If commercial landlord has verbally agreed and accepted rent reduction for a year is tenant still liable for base rent difference during that duration? If commercial landlord has verbally agreed and accepted rent reduction for a year is tenant still liable for base rent difference during that duration?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Can I get deported from the USA if they find me guilty when I have a case in Canada? I am a resident of USA and I have a case in Canada. I am going to court on the 15th of this month. Can I get deported from the USA if they find me guilty	Criminal Questions	California
Am I entitled to the money my ex was going to use to visit me? So, my ex girlfriend and I were planning a trip to see each other. She put the plane ticket on her credit card to reserve her spot. Then, I transferred $309 to her bank account to pay for the ticket. A week before the trip, she breaks up with me. Instead of coming to see me, she changes the ticket for one to Seattle, where she will be staying with a male friend. Am I entitled to the $309? The point of the trip was for us to see each other, and it seems unfair that i would have to pay for her to go see someone else in Seattle.	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Whom may I call if a person wrote me a bad check for $725 on a closed acct? Whom may I call if a person wrote me a bad check for $725 on a closed acct?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Is a licensed business in PA required to present a contract for services? Is a licensed business in PA required to present a contract for services?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What are my rights if there is large tree on the property and I want it removed but the park have issues with it? I live in a Florida mobile home park - I own the mobile home but rent the land.  I have a large tree on the property that is dying and a danger to my home and persons in the area.  The park says that owners are responsible for tree maintenance...there is no provision in the homeowner rules or prospectus.  What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Will my mother&#39;s husband&#39;s property go to rebate or to my brother and I? While my mother was in the hospital, her house was flooded and several sinkholes occurred. Her husband of 38 years barely got out. My mother passed. She has a Will. Will the property will go to rebate or to my brother and I? Her husband can no longer stay there because of the damage. My question, is he still responsible for damages for the home?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Do I have POA of my mom and should we fill life estate papers? My mom who will be 91 and is living in Florida. At the present time she has a 24hr home health care aide with her. Her insurance will cover another 2 years. Her home is still in her name. I am her daughter and do I have power of attorney. Should we fill life estate papers?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How do I compute annual commissions under NYS law? I represent a trustee which started in August 2010 and will terminate in July 2012. How do I compute annual commissions under NYS law?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Question regarding Distributions made from my mother&#39;s retirement? Distributions made from my mother's retirement account were distributed incorrectly. I was to receive 50% and my two daughters were to receive 25% each. As it turns out we each received 33%. I have beneficiary designation forms to verify and accounting from her bank and accounts from my children's conservator. please help	Employment Questions	California
Are powers of attorney still valid in another state? I have power of attorney papers on behalf of my mother. We just moved. Do power of attorney papers still valid in another state?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	West Virginia
What should I do if my father has been using my maiden name to buy, sell and collect income from properties? My father has been using my maiden name to buy, sell and collect income from properties. He is committing disability fraud and can only own the home he lives in. What should I do?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
If I don&#39;t help pay for property taxes could they sell the land to one of the heirs without my consent? We have family property where there was no will but a divorce decree stating that the land was to be left for the 7 siblings and was to never be sold.  I am an heir of one of the siblings that is now deceased.  I was told by one of the siblings that i didn't have to pay property taxes.  If I don't help pay for property taxes could they sell the land to one of the heirs without my consent?	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
How can I drop criminal charges? How can I drop criminal charges?	Criminal Questions	New York
How to reclaim unpaid wages? My husband is working for a trucking company. My husband has been working (training) for it for three weeks and he hasn't got paid.  What should we do ?	Employment Questions	Utah
If it is proven that a party in civil action secretly altered a record, does opposing party have new case? If it is proven that a party in civil action secretly altered a record in Record on Appeal in NY Appellate court does opposing party have new case?	Criminal Questions	New York
What would it cost me to have my name legally change in the State of Illinois? I'd like to know what it would cost me to have my name legally change in the State of Illinois?	Family Questions	Illinois
What should I do if my ex has been paying support to the disbursement unit and they&#39;re not releasing it? my ex husband has been paying child support to the Florida disbursement unit. They are not releasing it. what should I d?o	Family Questions	California
If I wrote a letter to social services to relieve my ex of child support can I fight it later? If I wrote a letter to social services to relieve my ex of child support can I fight it later?	Family Questions	Colorado
if my daughter is assaulted at an apt building can the owner of the building be liable? if my daughter is assaulted at an apt building can the owner of the building be liable?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Is it a good idea using arbitration clauses in my commercial contracts and which provider should I name? I am considering using arbitration clauses in my commercial contracts. Is this a good idea and if so which provider should I name?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is a landlord require to supply a working refrigerator in my apt? Is a landlord require to supply a working refrigerator in my apt?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If I receive child support and my ex remarried can I use her income to recalculate child support? If I receive child support and my ex remarried can I use her income to recalculate child support?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can I sue my employer if I was injured on the job? Can I sue my employer if I was injured on the job?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
Question regarding avoiding my wages to be garnished? MY wages are being garnished. I don't mind paying the garnishment but they are taking too much out of my paycheck. What can I do to avoid this? it is a school loan. Can I renegotiate the amount?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can I apply for snap when I&#39;m paying child support? Can I apply for snap when I'm paying child support?	Family Questions	Nevada
What to do if i want to claim child support from my husband who lives in DE and I live here in CA? I want to claim child support from my husband who lives in DE and I live here in CA?	Family Questions	California
When a landlord has given a demand to vacate and I don&#39;t leave does that landlord have to legally evict me? When a landlord has given a demand to vacate and I do not leave does that landlord have to legally evict me or can he just come and sit my things out?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What to do if I need to know the steps for a divorce? What to do if need to know the steps for a divorce?  I'm Not financially stable with income.  I Have been separated for 18 months.	Family Questions	Alabama
How can I recover exploited trust fund ID theft lost of personal injury done with legal name change? How can I recover exploited trust fund ID theft lost of personal injury done with legal name change?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Minnesota
Is it possible to leave your house to your child and not your spouse in New York State? Is it possible to leave your house to your child and not your spouse in New York State?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can an apartment charge you another month of service due to you not notifying them 60 days? Can an apartment charge you another month of service due to you not notifying them 60 days in advance once your lease has expired without any prior reminder of  the lease expiring in advance?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can a landlord tell you that you can not move in the months of Oct., Nov., Dec., Jan., Feb., or March? Can a landlord tell you that you can not move in the months of Oct., Nov., Dec., Jan., Feb., or March?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
If I paid off a garnishment that was on my wages, does the company have to lift the lien off my accounts? If I paid off a garnishment that was on my wages and bank account, do the company have to lift the lien off my accounts?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Discrimination of 2 people hired for the same job and one was fired when he wasn&#39;t Hispanic? If two people were hired for the same job, one employee was trained, the other was not. The untrained employee was terminated for "quality of work." All were Hispanic, except the one who was fired.  Is this discrimination?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
What to do if got discharged by not following doctor&#39;s restrictions? Getting discharged as I didn't follow drs restrictions. It followed absent coordinators advice on fmla form. I feel set up union. Recommends admitting fraud take discipline.	Employment Questions	Michigan
Do I win case if employer doesn&#39;t show up? If my employer doesn't  show up for my unemployment fair hearing, do I win the hearing because  I showed up?	Employment Questions	New York
Is it too late to dispute my settlement if my divorce settlement gave me nothing but my car and personal items? My divorce uncontested settlement in 2006 gave me nothing but my car and personal items.  I had no lawyer and was mentally distraught. I have been on SS disability since then for those emotional and mental disability.  Is it too late to dispute my settlement?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
What to do if I&#39;m being sued by a former employee for volaiting a non-compete clause? I'm being sued by a former employee for violating a non-compete clause. I started my own business and they are trying to stop me from doing business outside of the restrictions of the none compete clause and get me to drop a eeoc claim i have against them. can you help?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Missouri
Can my parole officer change our contact order so late when we got married? My girlfriend and I asked my parole officer if I could move in with her. She said no so we got married and then on my next report day I told her we got married and she put a no contact order on us. Can she do that so late?	Family Questions	Michigan
Are the officers liable for that debt as individuals for this purchase or is the corporation the main liable? When a corporation is established and the officers have signed a paper of knowing that the piece of equipment is being bought can or are they liable for that debt as individuals for this purchase or is the corporation the main liable for this? The equipment was given back to the bank because it was misrepresented by the dealer. Now the bank wants us to pay for the equipment , and we have returned the equipment to the bank. One of the corporate officers has signed a note with the bank for the balance of the note left to be paid. Am I as a corporate officers liable for what my son sign for?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I get emancipated at 16 years of age? How do I get emancipated at 16 years of age?	Family Questions	Virginia
Do I need a lawyer to fight the suspension of my license? Ran a bus stop sign in Illinois at a school that dropped off differently than the one I teach at. Do I need a lawyer to fight the suspension of my license?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
How do I go about getting joint custody if my fiance and I have a son and his name is on the certificate? My fiancee and I live together. we have a 2 year old son. My name is on birth certificate. How do I go about getting joint custody	Family Questions	Michigan
Legal for a Manager to Rent me a Washer and Dryer separate from my lease and not through the Complex? Is it Legal for a Apartment Complex Manager to Rent me a Washer and Dryer separate from my lease and not through the Apartment Complex?	Real Estate Questions	Utah
How is the profit from a home split when there is no written agreement on the amount? How is the profit from a home split when there is no written agreement on the amount?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Does the military consider my daughter legally mine if she is born in a domestic partnership? Does the military consider my daughter legally mine if she is born in a domestic partnership?	Family Questions	California
If a homeowner has their mail services suspended for dog issues &amp; then bites a mail carrier, do I have a case? If a homeowner has their mail services suspended (3+ years) for dog issues & then bites a mail carrier (as I'm walking down the street), do I have a case (skin was not broken)?	Personal Injury Questions	California
If My wife wants a divorce and the oldest would like to live with me, what are my rights for child support? If I have 4 children: ages, 14, 5, 3 and 1...my wife would like a divorce and the oldest would like to live with me. What are my rights in terms of child support payments? How would I calculate them? Also am I entitled to get the engagement ring back?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can the mother take the child out of school if both have custody? Can the mother take the child out of school if both have custody?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Do they have to pay me that week I have vacation when I am also leaving? i am leaving and i have one week vacation. Do they have to pay me that week?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can a 5-year marriage with 2 children be annulled in the state of Maryland? Can a 5-year marriage with 2 children be annulled in the state of Maryland? If so, do I have a right to the copy of the annulment?	Family Questions	Maryland
Can I have the marriage annulled if I got married on April 2012? I got married on 4-23-12 in Indiana and i want to know if I can have the marriage annulled.	Family Questions	Indiana
Can I withhold the 1/2 the payment and cost of insuring the car from what I&#39;m giving for mortgages? I am getting divorced. My vehicle is in both our names. She has dropped the insurance on my vehicle as well as my motorcycle. I am giving her 50% of the 2 mortgages we have on the house. Can I withhold the 1/2 the car payment and the cost of insuring the car from what I am giving for the mortgages?	Family Questions	New Hampshire
What does my mother have to do to give back custody of my children to me? My mother has permanent custody of my children and wants to give custody back to me. What does she have to do to do this?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Do we have to pay the last months rent if a new tenant moves into the property if we broke our lease? if we break our lease in Philadelphia, PA 3 months before our lease is up, do we have to pay the last 3 months rent if a new tenant moves into the property?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an apartment complex change the way they bill for water? Can an apartment complex change the way they bill for water when my lease says X amount for it which is part of my rent they agreed to?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Was landlord legally able to collect rent without having the proper updated license and should I pay rent ? I live in Philadelphia, PA and I rent the second floor apartment of a duplex which in the last day or so I found out that my landlord's housing inspection license has been expired for a year within that year. I paid her rent as I still am doing. My question is was she legally able to collect rent without having the proper updated license and should I continue to pay rent	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What kind of legal rights would a wife of 3 years have to husband&#39;s children if they become separated? What kind of legal rights would a wife of 3 years have to husband's children if they become separated? Biological mother is deceased. Husband's immediate (& all other) family agree, and may be able to prove, he is an unfit father?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can a medical company with a lien go back and get or hold Money on cases already paid? Can a medical company with a lien go back and get or hold Money on cases already paid?	Personal Injury Questions	Colorado
What to do if my  wife has temporary custody of kids along with a TPO against me? MY wife has temporary custody of kids along with a TPO against me. She has moved from assigned temporary address to her boyfriends and took our kids to her parents. She has kept kids in eight weeks. I have been going to sheriffs station to meet but parents are in another county. Do I call the sheriff for that county and go to parents house to get kids.	Family Questions	Georgia
What does strike pending dates mean? What does strike pending dates mean?	Family Questions	Illinois
Question regarding living in a rent-stabilized apartment? I live in a rent-stabilized apartment in a very desirable area in NYC. Landlord may offer a buyout and is asking what I would take. Also offering another apartment in Queens (paid - no mortgage - only monthly maintenance). Should I hire a lawyer or can I try to negotiate myself.Thanks.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Does the assessed value of a single family home for real estate tax purposes become the selling price? in the state of WI does the assessed value of a single family home for real estate tax purposes become the selling price?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
What can I do to get my nephew to pay his mortgage payment that was due the first of the month? What can I do to get my nephew to pay his mortgage payment that was due the first of the month?	Family Questions	Illinois
In Louisiana can my roommates sue me for the next 5 months worth of rent, utilities and attorney fees? I signed a year lease with a roommate. She agreed to a 6-month extension a month before the original lease was up. I verbally agreed but left a month into the extension because of verbal abuse by my roommate. In Louisiana can she sue me for the next 5 months worth of rent, utilities and attorney fees?	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
How do I dismiss by case if I paid off my rent owed but didn&#39;t write an answer? I had an eviction summon/commercial issued on 8/11/2011 because I were behind make pay my restaurant rent two months. After I got summon, I paid off my rent I owed, but I did not write an answer to dismiss my case until today 03/17/2012. how do I dismiss my case?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What to do if my employer told me my hours are not there for me when I&#39;m having surgery? I went off of work because I had to have surgery. I was on disability or get payment from them now. I called my job to let them no I have a appointment with doctor on 23. I am sure I can come back to work after this. They told me my hours are not there for me. Now that i would have to work different hour. I can't. What do I do?	Employment Questions	New York
Can a credit report be ran without my ex-business partner&#39;s permission? I sold 50% of my business in 2008. I'm holding a business note and now would like to sell to the interest party. Wants a credit report on my ex business partner(debtor). Can a credit report be ran without his permission? A ucc has been filed with the Wisconsin Department of Financial Institution since 2008	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Wisconsin
If engagement is broken do I have the right to return the ring? This has to do with a engagement ring. If engagement is broken do I have the right to return the ring?	Consumer Questions	California
Can you get suspended from work on your first write up? Can you get suspended from work on your first write up?	Employment Questions	California
Is an employee eligible for unemployment if he works 22 hours a week and is performance decreased? I have an employee that works 22 hours a week, part time. His performance has dropped in the last two years and we are thinking about letting him go. Is he eligible for unemployement?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Question about harassment? Someone is driving by my house making comments and comes to my place of employment and driving through employment parking lot after business is closed.	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
What are some good aspects to cover when a real estate firm is looking to hiring a new real estate agent? What are some good aspects to cover when a real estate firm is looking to hiring a new real estate agent?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	North Carolina
Do I have to pay back the tax credit? I purchased a home in Florida in 2009 and received the first time home buyer tax credit.  I declared bankruptcy in 2011 and the home was discharged.  It is still my primary residence.  The home has not been foreclosed.  Do I have to pay back the tax credit?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How can I get a custody of my kids who haven&#39;t leave with for almost 4 years? How can I get a custody of my kids who haven't leave with for almost 4 years?	Family Questions	California
Question regarding court order child support? I have court ordered child support. I live in TN he lives in FL. He owes about $48,000.00 . It has been a nightmare. How can I get this enforced, what are my rights. TN doesn't help they drag their feet. I will do leg work. What can I do?	Family Questions	Tennessee
How do we remove our home from our revocable living trust to refinance? How do we remove our home from ourrevocable living trustto refinance? Just use a Quit Claim deed and record it?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can a 33-year old warrant for probation in Florida be handled without a court appearance? Can a 33-year old warrant for probation in Florida be handled without a court appearance?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Do I have grounds to file abandonment? I moved to Florida two years ago from Virginia. My daughters father and I have a divorce decree that states we have joint custody but I have legal physical custody and that if either party were to move out of state we must notify the other parent. I moved with his approval. He stated to me at the time that all he required was a school picture of her once a year. A year prior to our moved he came around less frequently with the new girlfriend whom he lives with now. The GF made it clear our daughter is not welcome in her home. He has not seen his daughter in 3 years and "washed his hands of her" on Dec 2011. BUT still pays support. Do I have grounds to file abandonment? She is 10 and wants my husband to adopt her. He will not even answer calls.	Family Questions	Florida
Question about someone throwing my stuff out without giving me a 30 day notice? i have a question about someone throwing my stuff out without giving me a 30 day notice.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can I put myself on child support even if I&#39;m not working? Can I put myself on child support even if I'm not working?	Family Questions	Georgia
Is there a legal amount of notice you are supposed to give when you resign? I was wondering if there is a legal amount of notice you are supposed to give when you resign? Like number of vacation days. Also, if you receive benefits, are you still eligible to receive them if you give notice on the first of the month?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If you work the day before a holiday and the day after a holiday, should you get paid for the holiday? If you work the day before a holiday and the day after a holiday, should you get paid for the holiday?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Can you change a kid&#39;s last name without being adopted by a stepparent? Can you change a kid's last name without being adopted by a stepparent?	Family Questions	California
What is the minimum hours an employee can work in Illinois before becoming benefits eligible? What is the minimum hours an employee can work in Illinois before becoming benefits eligible?	Employment Questions	Illinois
If my ex husband has full custody but he gives me power of attorney how doe that work? If my ex husband has full custody but he gives me power of attorney how doe that work?	Family Questions	Hawaii
Question involving real estate and a line of credit? My question involved real estate and a line of credit. My father sold me his house if 2007 which he was still paying on his line of credit on the house. My father passed away in 2010 and since that time I have continued to make the line of credit payment/ What recourse does the bank have?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
Illegal for a salaried employee to discuss an at work issue with a hourly employee who is not clocked in? Is it illegal for a salaried employee to discuss an at work issue with a hourly employee who is not clocked in?	Employment Questions	Virginia
If two people have been cohabiting in Florida and the property owner passes away but had the house in a trust to go to a blood relative, what claims does the surviving partner have? If two people have been cohabiting in Florida and the property owner passes away but had the house in a trust to go to a blood relative, what claims, if any, does the surviving partner have?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
What to do in paying child support when my job industry is dying? I live in MA and have been paying child support based on a past job. Since then I've been laid off for a little less than a year and then found a new job. Due to the current economic climate sales volume in my field is significantly less than a few years ago. I've been searching for a more stable job, but my industry is slowly drying up. I'm making almost 30K less than what I used to make and have been paying 1,016 per month. I'm not one of those resentful dads or anything like that. Every pay day I simply fall more into debt. I don't know what else to do?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
In other words, what&#39;s the detailed protocol? Hi, I received a notice of default for my mortgage on Dec. 9th, sent back on Dec 20th a written request asking them to show me the original mortgage documents and note. I want to file a petition letter for emergency injunction with the superior court of San Diego, which I have filled out but will only file next Monday. My question(s) relate(s) to the procedure: does it need to be notarized, do I need to sign the "proof of service" in front of the city clerk, do I need to make copies before I file it, do I need to serve the servicer who's located in LA for wells Fargo (defendant on the petition letter) but also wells Fargo in Iowa (mail address) and are there forms that need to be filled out? In other words, what's the detailed protocol?	Real Estate Questions	California
When a tenant in common dies intestate, how can the deceased tenant&#39;s name be removed from the deed? When a tenant in common dies intestate, how can the deceased tenant's name be removed from the deed before the deed is conveyed?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How long does the no-contact court order last? I am in PA. How long does the no-contact court order last? There is no ending date in the letter.  Will I lose my job (I am a teacher)? Is it worth fighting? How do I fight it? How long do I have?This order is a no-contact order against me for directly or indirectly contacting a previous foster child who is a minor.  She has been sent to a children's home after mom got legal custody.  She has a choice of filing a restraining order against me and coming home or staying in the childrens home until she is 18. Mom was unsuccessful in filing harrassment charges (because I wasn't harrassing anyone).  She also had children and youth investigate me for sexually abusing her younger child.  That was also unfounded.  Mom hates me for many reasons.	Employment Questions	Nebraska
Can my landlord let people see the place if I&#39;m still residing there? I gave notice to vacate but have until July 29th. My landlord has decided she wants to hold open house while I'm still living there and trying to pack. I do not want her or anyone in the house until I am out. I told her that I do not give anyone permission to enter she thinks since she owns the house, she can do what ever she wants. Can she?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can a landlord turn off the a/c if we are late by a couple weeks in paying rent? Can a landlord turn off the a/c If we are late by a couple weeks in paying rent in Brooklyn, NY? We also have a 3-month-old baby in the apt and it's 100 degrees outside.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Are there any laws that out of staters should be aware of when moving and renting in Colorado? I am moving from Minnesota was wondering what the laws were on moving to Colorado and renting?  Are there any laws that out of staters should be aware of?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Still pay child support if my children are married and I have permanent disability? I am 56 years old and have past due child support. I have permanent disability because of in stage liver failure failure since 10-01-2011. Do I still have to pay past due child support? All of my children are married.	Family Questions	Georgia
How many hours do you need to work  before you are entitled to a break? How many hours do you need to work  before you are entitled to a break?	Employment Questions	New York
Is it legal if they say it&#39;s in compliance federal law with my insurance plan? I have a medical reimbursement with $4000.00. I am 65 and I have Medicare A & B plus Anthem BC plan F.  My union says they changed my mrp to a CAPP plan and I either take their insurance plan or waiver it and lose my CAPP plan which holds my money. They say that they are in compliance federal law.  Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Nevada
Do you have to sign an insubordination and what are the consequences if you don&#39;t? Do you have to sign an insubordination and what are the consequences if you don't?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
What can I do if I got fired in September but I haven&#39;t received my paycheck yet? I got fired from my job since Sept. 16 2011 and still haven't received my final paycheck. I've made attempts to reach out to company phone every week since September but still haven't been called back or replied to. It's been a week after Feb and also haven't got a w-2 form yet. What legal actions should be taken?	Employment Questions	New York
Should I get a lawyer to sell a home? Should I get a lawyer to sell a home?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
How do you file for divorce? How do you file for divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What can my friend do to get the divorce settled? My friend and his ex has been separated for over nine years legally. He wanted to get a cheap divorce but doesn't know how. He doesn't get income taxes and she want him to pay she agree to sign and get it over with. What can he do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Louisiana
Can I be granted visitation rights to see my grandchild? Can I be granted visitation rights to see my grandchild?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What is required to satisfy, and have withdrawn, a default judgment? What is required to satisfy, and have withdrawn, a default judgment?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
Can I avoid a pending family court case by getting married? I have a pending family court case and. Is it possible for them to place me in county custody? Can I avoid that by get married?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How much can your rent be raised at a lease renewal in Florida? How much can your rent be raised at a lease renewal in Clermont, Florida in Lake County?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Were the doctor&#39;s right in denying my wife&#39;s claim if she could not give a date and time that she incurred the injury? A few months ago my wife had carpal tunnel surgery. The doctor said it was work related. When she turned in the paperwork to her employer. They denied her workers comp claim because she could not give a date and time that she incurred the injury. Were they right in denying the claim?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is it possible in the state of MN to have my name removed from the mortgage of a house which my husband &amp; I both currently have our names on? Is it possible in the state of MN to have my name removed from the mortgage of a house which my husband & I both currently have our names on? Will this dissolve me of any responsibility should it go into foreclosure? (Which is very likely!)	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
How to get out of marriage if you unknowingly wed an already married person? If  you marry someone who is already married without knowing, how are you able to get out of the marriage legally? Would an attorney be needed?	Family Questions	Ohio
Who is responsible for fixing a car that was part of a bicycle/car accident? who is responsible for fixing a car that was part of a bicycle/car accident? No one was issued a ticket but in the report it states that the bicycler is at fault.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Help in removing someone out of my house? I need a lawyer to get someone out of my house. The house is in my name as it's my ex-husband and my son. We all live together and they are trying to get me out.	Real Estate Questions	California
What is the law about children being picked up at home for school &amp; what&#39;s mileage from their address? What is the law about children being picked up at home for school & what is the mileage from their address?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can the landlord gave you thirty days to move by writing you a letter? Can the landlord gave you thirty days to move by writing you a letter?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How do I get a driver&#39;s education law passed? How do I get a driver's education law passed?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
How can a man gain custody of his child from the mother once they separate? How can a man gain custody of his child from the mother once they separate?	Family Questions	California
What are my rights if a former girlfriend is attempting to take possession of the car that signed for me? A former girlfriend signed for me to purchase a car. She put the car in her name but the verbal agreement was that it was my car and that I would make all payments until paid in full after which the title would be turned over to me.  She now is attempting to take possession of the car.  What are my rights?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Is a custody and visitation order from Mexico valid in CA if mother and children have moved there, to the same town father lives in yet she doesn&#39;t allow him visitation like the order states? Can he file a motion for custody and visitation here in CA since the children and mother now?	California Questions,Family Questions	California
If I received a stipulation and agreement from my spouse does this mean that they have already filed for divorce? If I received a stipulation and agreement from my spouse does this mean that they have already filed for divorce? Virginia	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
What to do if I gave a statement to the cops and more info is coming back? What to do if I gave a statement to the cops and more info is coming back?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have a case if I was offered a paid less position after surgery? I took a medical leave of absence to have knee surgery.  When I came back from my leave I was offered a position that paid less money. They said if I don't take it, I will be fired. I was gone for less than year. Further this job is the primary reason why my knee got messed up in the first place. Do I have a case?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is it legal for your employer to deny you time off for a medical appointment? Is it legal for your employer to deny you time off for a medical appointment when you are only asking for one of your regular days off and no extra time?	Employment Questions	California
How far back can an employer go back for tardiness and no call no show? How far back can an employer go back for tardiness and no call no show?	Employment Questions	California
Can I continue to collect unemployment checks if I receive a monthly social security check for July? I just started receiving a monthly social security check for July. Can I continue to collect unemployment checks?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the normal amount for compensation for an employee who has filed a retaliation claim? What is the normal amount for compensation for an employee who has filed a sexual harrassment/retaliation claim?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is it illegal not to pay me overtime? I work salary for 55 hrs of work each week. If I end up working 72 hours one week, is it illegal not to pay me overtime? Also is it legal to have one person in a restaurant working alone for 3-5 hrs at a time?	Employment Questions	Colorado
How soon after death must a will be probated? How soon after death must a will be probated? How long does it take to probate a will in Fla? Will was done in Pa.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my ex keep me from seeing our son if he has custody? My ex-boyfriend has custody of our child. Can he keep me from seeing him	Family Questions	Alabama
What does it mean when you have a 60 foot private easement road and can it be fenced? What does it mean when you have a 60 foot private easement road? Can it be fenced? and can it be gated?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
How can I get justice? I am very financially poor right now but I need an answer to a real question. My 16 year old was attacked by a 31 year old man last night and the police are calling it harassment, even though my son has a scratch from where the man tried to cut his throat with a key and several bruises over his body. What can I do to ensure justice?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What do I need to know about renting out a house legally? What do I need to know about renting out a house legally? documents  lease? Could a renter pay for home owner insurance?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I get fired for not wanting to transfer? I work for this company and I'm the general manager at a store. Out of nowhere I get another supervisor from another area telling me tomorrow that I'm transferring to another store. I didn't get an option to think about it but the other manager had an option. I refuse to transfer. Can I get fired for not wanting to transfer? I've been in this company for so long and always done my job correct with no problems. So now I'm in the new store and my area supervisor didn't even know about the changes till the last minute.	Employment Questions	California
Questions about railroads? I have 4 questions about railroads and residents.1.) What are the speed limits for freight tracks in Southern Indiana?  What are the switching rules for railcars in Southern Indiana?2.) How do you get the operating laws for railroads enforced in Southern Indiana?3.) If illegal activities have affected my life and altered my plans what damages can I collect?4.) If the diesel smoke from locomotives have caused sickness in my family/children, damaged my home, and illegal switch/speeding has damaged my home what damages can I collect?Any information would be helpful, and what steps I can take to get damages paid.	Personal Injury Questions	Indiana
Is there a statue of limitations for an employee being written up? Is there a statue of limitations for an employee being written up?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Do I have a right to know before I make a decision if my company wants me to take a lesser position but will not tell me the salary cut? My company wants me to take a lesser position but will not tell me the salary cut I will have if any. Do I have a right to know before I make a decision?	Employment Questions	Georgia
I signed settlement papers on an accident litigation and changed my mind.  Can I retract this after I have signed? I signed settlement papers on an accident litigation and changed my mind.  Can I retract this after I have signed? Have not received check yet I do not want to go through with settlement.  Please advise.	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Can a previous employer give your home and current job information to a bill collector? Can a previous employer give your home and current job information to a bill collector?	Employment Questions	Georgia
How does divorce effect prior agreements for surrogate power of attorney? Does the divorced couple lose their mutual power of attorney as health surrogates to each other?	Family Questions	Florida
Is it true that there is no early termination fee if you cancel a contract within 30 days? None	Contract Questions	Idaho
How long do I have to pay on a personal loan after the due date? How long do I have to pay on a personal loan after the due date?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
How do I set up a non-interest bearing trust account? How do I set up a non-interest bearing trust account?	Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Is it legal in NY state to mandate a LPN if there is no relief? Is it legal in NY state to mandate a LPN if there is no relief?	Employment Questions	New York
Question about receiving earned vacation time? Over the last 5 years, I have earned vacation time that was carried over each year. At the time of Termination, I had a total of 144 hours left of unused vacation time. Do I have the right to collect that time? I live in Louisiana. Also, Im a salary emplopyee, i was terminated in the middle of the week, should i get full pay or only days worked. last question, If it was known of my term and let me work for 2 day and terminated me at the end of the day...was that their right?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
In Utah, if someone owes you money can you keep their stuff until they pay you? In Utah, if someone owes you money can you keep their stuff until they pay you? Is Utah a community property state?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I sue a contractor for an amount over the claim payment from a surety bond company? In California, can I sue a contractor for an amount over the claim payment from a surety bond company?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
If I&#39;m the mother of my daughter &amp; I&#39;m not working right now, can the father get full custody? If I'm the mother of my daughter that is 1 month and I'm not working right now can the father get full custody?	Family Questions	New York
How do you get a bench warrant taken care of and off your record? How do you get a bench warrant taken care of and off your record?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Do I have to pay child support if my ex is getting social security benefits for my child? Do I have to pay child support if my ex is getting social security benefits for my child?	Family Questions	District of Columbia
What can be done when an employer doesn&#39;t hire you back after leaving because of mental health issues? What can be done when a former employer does not hire you back after you have left because of mental health issues? He says there are no job openings, but there are. This is a public school system.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Legal for an employer to take a portion of a restaurant catering server&#39;s tip? Is it legal for an employer to take a portion of a restaurant catering server's tip?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a parent get visitations after a child has been adopted? Can a parent get visitations after a child has been adopted?	Family Questions	New York
Am I required by law to follow my normal schedule and return to work the next day at 1pm? I work in management and I am required to work 50 hours per week. My normal schedule is 1 pm until 11 pm. But most of the time I work until 2 am on the average. Am I required by law to follow my normal schedule and return to work the next day at 1pm? I want to come to work a little when I stay at 2 am the prior work shift but the company stated that I am required to be at work at 1 pm as normal.	Employment Questions	New York
What are the odds of getting a driver&#39;s license suspended for back child support? What are the odds of getting a drivers license suspended in VA for back child support when payments are made weekly through payroll and my job requires me to drive?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can my landlord charge me attorney fees if I pay well before I get a court date? Can my landlord charge me attorney fees if I pay well before I get a court date?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
How long do I have to pay child support in New York? How long do I have to pay child support in New York?	Family Questions	New York
Can a landlord charge a $50 on late rent payments in NYC if there is no agreement or due date specified? Can a landlord charge a $50 on late rent payments in nyc if there is no agreement or due date specified?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I sue private school for denying enrollment? Can I sue a private school for denying my kid enrollment after being there for 4 years then went to a public school and decided to reenroll him?	Consumer Questions	New York
What are my rights if my wife is having an affair? my wife is having an affair. What are my rights?	Family Questions	New York
What&#39;s the wages for a wood finisher? What's the wages for a wood finisher?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Does my son qualify to receive any SSI if he has  Schizophrenia and social anxiety? My son is 19 years old and diagnosed with Schizophrenia and social anxiety.  His doctor wants him to continue working part time 20-28 hours a week seeing that this is the only socialization he gets, but doesn't feel he can work a full time job.  Does he qualify to receive any SSI?	Family Questions	New York
Question regarding if i was late making the final payment on my car? i was late making the final payment on my car when I went to make the payment the accepted they payment then told me i could not leave with the car unless i pay them for a repossession fee when the car was not repoed and a late fee of a 150 dollars when the contract say 5 dollars per day and i was late 10 day in making my payment.	Consumer Questions	Tennessee
How can a man force the sale of the house he owns with his wife? If a married couple own a house together and one wants to sell it, whereas the other one doesn't, is there any legal way for the one who wants out to force the sale?	Family Questions,Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
If you get a city ticket and you cannot afford an attorney, will one be appointed to you?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
Should I get paid if I couldn&#39;t come to work cause of a hurricane? Should I get paid if I couldn't come to work cause of a hurricane?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
Can my ex wife still get back child support from me even though our only child is 24 years old? Can my ex wife still get back child support from me even though our only child is 24 years old? She graduated from college and has been living with me and has been on my insurance all through her time in college and has always used my address. Now that our daughter is grown my ex wants back child support. At our divorce hearing she told the judge that I could just pay her without being court ordered that was in 2007 . Can she get back child support at this time?	Family Questions	Missouri
How do you stop child support in Michigan? How do you stop child support in Michigan?	Family Questions	Ohio
Can a union member make a motion  to change a rule in union rules at a union meeting? Can a union member make a motion  to change a rule in union rules at a union meeting?	Employment Questions	New York
If we are tenants on a lot, should &#39;t there be boundaries? We currently own a dwelling on land that we lease yearly from a campground owner.  We were concerned about our land boundaries onto our neighbors and asked the owner to advise our land limits.  He came, marked on both sides with orange spray----we lease Lot 136---now the owner has decided that he has "changed" his mind and it needs to be worked out between neighbors which can't be done.  Now our neighbors have decided to place items and permanent fixtures on our property limiting our space.  What legally can be done about this?  We are tenants on a lot and shouldn't there be boundaries?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
What can we do if my dad got stroke during work time? My dad got stroke during work time. What can we do?	Employment Questions	Hawaii
Is an attorney connection legit? Is an attorney connection legit?	Family Questions	Florida
If a wife buys a house for contract for deed from her parents, is the husband legal to get half after divorce? If a wife buys a house for contract for deed from her parents, is the husband legal to get half after divorce?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
What do I do if our abusive roommate doesn&#39;t take an eviction letter seriously? My boyfriend and I are on an apartment lease together. We moved a friend in who needed a place to stay. He helps pay rent, but now things are horrible. This "friend" is verbally abusive to everyone around him. My boyfriend and I don't feel comfortable there and we fear for our belongings. So yesterday I went to the Civil Clerk and they told me to write a letter (notification of 30-day eviction) and have both my boyfriend and I sign it. They said that if he doesn't leave in 30 days, I go back to court to file an unlawful detainer. Then i guess a few more days or weeks go by until they finally remove him. The "friend" isn't taking the letter seriously and claims it doesn't hold any ground. Did I make the right move?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Can my husband&#39;s father sue me for a car part that he bought for my husband if the car is mine? Can my husband's father sue me for a car part that he bought for my husband if the car is mine, my name only & I wasn't aware of their deal? My husband's father & I do not like each other & do not talk. The part that needed replaced also required the old part sent in to them. My husband didn't have my permission to do this, but he sent my old part in already. His father keeps threatening to sue me for the money or send the police to take the part out of my car. However, we have had to store away his belongings for 3 years so he wouldn't have to pay for a storage facility. So again, I never agreed or even talked to him about the part. He only wants to sue me not his son. Please help me.	Consumer Questions,Family Questions	Colorado
How do I dissolve or turn around a temporary custody order of my son in Florida? How do I dissolve or turn around a temporary custody order of my son in Florida?	Family Questions	Florida
Am I going to have problems with future entry into the US if I&#39;m foreign and had a baby in the US? I had travel to the US on a 10 year multiple visitors Visa. The last time I enter the US I was given 6 months. AT the time I was 5 months pregnant and have since given birth to a child in  the US . I return to my home with my child within the legal time allotted to me .  My question is am I going to have problems with future entry into the US.	Immigration Questions	New York
If the co-worker does not have the money to pay, will he be able to take possession of the car instead? My husband lent a co-worker $3000 to buy a car. So far she is not making the agreed upon payments, only small amounts here and there. When will he be able to take her to small claims court to recover his money? Also if she does not have the money to pay, will he be able to take possession of the car instead?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
Can an employer change your schedule after it has been posted? Can an employer change your schedule after it has been posted?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can you lose your position if you get hurt on the job or can they give your job to your assistant? Can you lose your position if you get hurt on the job or can they give your job to your assistant?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What are the time limits on a case that has been placed on the dead docket in Georgia? What are the time limits on a case that has been placed on the dead docket in Georgia?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What is the maximum cash gift that can be made without taxes? What is the maximum cash gift that can be made without taxes?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
What percent can Mississippi state take from your paycheck for child support? What percent can Mississippi state take from your paycheck for child support?	Consumer Questions	Mississippi
How long do I have to break a lease contract for my condo? How long do I have to break a lease contract for my condo?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
How are deed restrictions that run with the land governed under contract law? How are deed restrictions (covenants) that run with the land governed under contract law? We have an association that does not believe that the deed restrictions are a contract between the members and the developer/association, and believe that they can make changes to them without member input or vote.Can you point me in a direction to get some information to present to them?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How can I get lifetime rights to the home I rent from my son? How can I get lifetime rights to the home I rent from my son?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Can debts of one heir put a hold on inherited properties when there are other heirs (Virginia)? Can debts of one heir put a hold on inherited properties when there are other heirs (Virginia)?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
In the state of Louisiana, How long is an Irrevocable Trust? In the state of Louisiana, How long is an Irrevocable Trust? How long do I have to stay alive after setting up an Irrevocable Trust? What do you have to do to maintain this trust? How much does this cost?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Louisiana
If you quit your job are you entitled to your vacation from the year before? If you quit your job are you entitled to your vacation from the year before?	Employment Questions	New York
How can I sign my rights away on my child? How can I sign my rights away on my child? He will be 18 in Dec. of this year but he does not live with is mother and is living with a friend.	Family Questions	Missouri
Can you be fired if you went to jail and your job was informed? Can you be fired if you went to jail and your job was informed?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can an individual with a durable power of attorney move assets and funds into his or her account? Can an individual with adurable power of attorneymove assets and funds into his or her account?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Connecticut
Does my landlord have rights to throw away my belongings if I am behind in rent? Does my landlord have rights to throw away my belongings if I am behind in rent?	Real Estate Questions	Oklahoma
Where can I find a divorce lawyer who can help a disabled person with little or no money? Where can I find a divorce lawyer who can help a disabled person with little or no money?	Family Questions	Alabama
What can I do to get my child support case investigated if it has been ignored several times? What can I do to get my child support case investigated. I have called and written several letters to my case manager and never got a response. There are two states involved for the same children. Which one state has been cancelled out? Then the other state did the same now. When I call for answers it is a matter of confusion.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Montana
Can a lawyer get me more in child support than the child support office? Can a lawyer get me more in child support than the child support office?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can I be compensated/sue the hospital if responsible for nerve damage in my back? I think I might've had some nerve damage in my back caused by a c-section epidural approximately 7 years & three months ago, which is now causing me time from work. If this is so can I be compensated/sue the hospital if responsible?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Can an Employer force an employee to install a device in the employee&#39;s private Vehicle? GA labor law - employee private property rightsCan an Employer force an employee to install a device in the employee's private Vehicle?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Do you need a reason for a commercial eviction, tenant at will, in the state of Massachusetts? Do you need a reason for a commercial eviction, tenant at will, in the state of Massachusetts?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
If my husband is pending a lawsuit from an accident, am I entitled to some of the money if we get divorced? if my husband is pending a lawsuit from a car accident last year, am I entitled to some of the money if we get divorced?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Is it possible to ask for an increase? I have been divorced since 2000. I have not had an increase in child support since then. Is it possible to ask for an increase?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What is the maximum hours they can force me to work each day if they require 14-15 hour days? I am a salaried employee, overtime is unpaid.  But now, I received an e-mail from my manager saying I am required to work 14-15 hour days.  I physically don't think I can handle this any longer but in today's economy, who can quit their job?  Do I have any rights?  What is the maximum hours they can force me to work each day?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What to do if I can&#39;t get contracts and make money cause there&#39;s a &quot;Vector one&quot; insurance reporting? There is a "Vector one" insurance reporting agency that reports commissions owed to cos. Because of their report I cannot get contracts and make money. please advise.	Personal Injury Questions	Maryland
Should the company deduct FICA and Medicare from my paychecks since I will not live long in US to benefit from these social programs? I am an employee working for an International company head quartered in US. I have been from my home country to work at the head office for at most one. Am I legally bound to pay Federal Insurance Contribution (FICA) and Medicare since I am not a permanent resident of US. In other words, should the company deduct FICA and Medicare from my paychecks since I will not live long in US to benefit from these social programs?	Employment Questions	Texas
Can breaks and lunch periods be combined? Can breaks and lunch periods be combined so an employee could take and 1 hour lunch?	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do if my employer can&#39;t accommodate me any longer cause I paralyzed my vocal cord? I work at a business in Joplin and have had accommodations for not being on the phone since I have a paralyzed vocal cord. Now they are telling me they can not accommodate me any longer I have to be on phones and I have no voice to do so.	Employment Questions	Missouri
What is the penalty or price you have to pay to your probation officer? Why can you be pushed up for no reason at all if you are on probation? What is the penalty or price you have to pay to your probation officer?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can someone get fired from work if they find money in the parking lot? Can an employee be terminated if he or she finds money in the parking lot of their work?	Employment Questions	California
Legal for a prosecutor to threaten a defendant that she will make sure defendant does life without parole? Is it legal for a prosecutor to threaten a defendant,that she will make sure defendant does life without parole If defendant simply files a motion for a bond hearing?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
What happens when you break a lease for an apartment complex? What happens when you break a lease for an apartment complex?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
What law is it that says if an inmate achieves an associate degree they can get considerable time off? What law is it that says if an inmate achieves an associate degree they can get considerable time off their sentence?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can I pay a mortgage broker for mortgage services needed for my relocation business? Can I pay a mortgage broker for mortgage services needed for my relocation business such as Credit pull and analyzation, professional recommendation, and credit optimization? The services are then used in our relocation service at no charge to anyone.	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
What are Alabama&#39;s employee&#39;s rights on my boyfriend and I working at the same place? I was hired for a job through my boyfriend my employer knew this at the time of hire, later they decided to terminate me because my boyfriend and I worked at the same place. The owner's excuse was that it's their company policy, but I haven't seen this policy nor did he state this before hiring me. What are Alabama's employee's rights on this?	Employment Questions	Alabama
What is an estate account? What is an estate account?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Legal for an employee to be suspended cause a task they were not properly trained was done incorrectly? Is it legal for an employee to be suspended or fired because a task they were not properly trained for was done incorrectly and because of it, it caused the company to lose money?	Employment Questions	California
Is owning a pig legal in the state of PA? Is owning a pig legal in the state of PA?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Is a phone call grounds for a protection for an abuse order? Is a phone call grounds for a protection for an abuse order?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Possible to get the engagement ring back if I&#39;m filing for divorce after 1 month? I am filing for divorce after 1 month. I would like to get the engagement ring back. Is that possible?	Family Questions	New York
Legal support if I missed some days due to an illness and difficult to transfer for excessive absences? I am a teacher and last year I missed some days due to an illness. When it began to get worse I took an absence under family medical leave. I am trying now to relocate and get hired on at another school. I was just told that I would not be recommended for hire because my last principal told him I have "excessive absences. " I explained the situation and he still said he was passing me over for the job. Is there some kind of legal support for this situation?	Employment Questions	Florida
Who pays the fees when dealing with taking your employing company to court over labor law issues? Who pays the attorney fees when dealing with taking your employing company to court over labor law issues?	Employment Questions	California
Do I need a lawyer to claim a house that was lent to me in Florida? Do I need a lawyer to claim a house was lent to me in Florida?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Maryland
What is the minimum wage in Augusta, Georgia? What is the minimum wage in Augusta, Georgia?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can your work send you home after only working 2 hours? I recently worked for a company. They never had a set schedule, it always changed. The last three times I went into work on my scheduled time, they told me I didn't have to be there for another hour to hour in a half. Is that legal? Also can they send you home after only working 2 hours?	Employment Questions	Kansas
Can court release previous bail and use new bail for two cases? I was out on $1,000 bail for a harassment charge since November of 2010. I recently got arrested and released on $50,000 bail. I was wondering if the court would release the $1,000 bail and continue both cases using the $50,000 bail for both cases?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can a class a2 felony be sealed? Can a class a2 felony be sealed?	Criminal Questions	New York
Mandatory that a federal criminal statute is required to identify a nexus for federal authority to arrest? Is it constitutionally mandatory that a federal criminal statute is required to identify a nexus to the Constitution of the United States for federal jurisdictional authority to arrest, prosecute, hear, convict, and if guilty, impose punishment?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it illegal in Indiana for one person to record another person without their permission? Is it illegal in Indiana for one person to record another person without their permission and knowledge and what kind of charge is it?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
New public question from paynekids4 I've been charged with an aggravated battery for an alleged abuse at my job. My question is what's the limit on an indictment and what could be the outcome?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
How do I get my Jail sentence Credits that the judge awarded me at my sentencing? My name is Michael Hallmon and I am in the Illinois Department Of correction and I would like to know to go about getting my Jail sentence Credits that the judge awarded me at my sentencing. I never received a copy of my transcripts or anything from my attorney.	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Can I sue them to get my membership reinstated or anything else? My membership and access to websites and email accounts were cut off by the President of a company I pay for live action role playing.  Even though I didn't finish paying my membership but paid on it and in the by laws he doesn't have the power to revoke my membership, can I sue them to get my membership reinstated or anything else?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if employer fired me saying I&#39;m a felon but the background check has no felonies? What to do if employer fired me saying I'm a felon but the background check has no felonies?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Type of corp is most advantageous for a consulting business from a liability and tax perspective? I am thinking of starting a consulting business.   We are thinking of having one office (one partner) in Los Angeles, CA and the other office (second partner) in Houston, TX.  Everything will be split 50/50.My question is what type of corporation is most advantageous for us from both a liability and tax perspective and second if one of us were to leave the corporation, how does that work?  Does the other partner have to pay out 50% of the company assets if the company still survives?Thanks for your help.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Can I file my small Christian ministry as an incorporation? I live in California and I have a small Christian ministry. It includes speaking engagements, book signings and a radio program. I decided to incorporate and wanted to know if I file a SI-CID or SI-100?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Do you need a license to work on C.N.G trucks? Do you need a license to work on C.N.G trucks?	Employment Questions,Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
Is it legal to continue garnishment if judgement removed from credit? A garnishment judgement was removed from my credit, but the collection company hit my bank accounts again the other day.  Is this legal?	Consumer Questions	Kentucky
How can we get married when my boyfriend is in prison? My fiance is in prison in Ohio and I went to visit him today. We were talking with the chaplin and the guards about getting married and they told us that in order to do that that we need to do it via proxy and it can be done in Maryland. I have been searching  and read that Maryland is no longer doing proxy marriages so I was wondering how it can be done since I reside in Pennsylvania and he's  in the prison in Ohio. He can't leave the prison to get the marriage license signed?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What is my girlfriend entitled to receive out of the house if both names are on deed? Two people living in house are not married but both names are on deed. I, the man, pay all bills for house, we are looking to split up. What is she entitled to receive out of the house?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can there be any repercussion for the employer under negligence? My empoyer failed to transfer my W4 information correctly to my file. On my original W4 I filed single and 0,as i have since the day I turned 16, however my place of employment filed me exempt. Now I owe the IRS somewhere around 5-10 thousand dollars. I understand I owe the money either way. Can there be any repercussion for the employer under negligence?	Employment Questions	California
Is it unlawful not to allow employees lunch breaks in Illinois? Is it unlawful not to allow employees lunch breaks in Illinois?	Employment Questions	Illinois
If I got served with a summons from a collection agency, do I settle? I got served with a summons from a collection agency. What do I do? Do I settle with the collections agency?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Does the state of Michigan honor common law institutions? Does the state of Michigan honor common law institutions?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
What do I need to do to stop child support for my 20-year-old son and my 18-year-old daughter? What do I need to do to stop child support for my 20-year-old son and my 18-year-old daughter?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If I am not a training officer, do I have to train new employees? If I am not a training officer, do I have to train new employees? I was suspended for not training new officer.	Employment Questions	California
If my home was listed in a bankruptcy, then the mortgage charged off the home, who owns the home? If my home was listed in a bankruptcy, then the mortgage company charged off the home, then who owns the home? All documentation; taxes, title search, etc. indicates I am still the owner.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How can I get my sister to inform me of all accounts of late mother? My mother passed in 4/2009. There is a revocable trust in place stating home would be sold one year after of passing. My sister is the trustee but hasn't done it and is renting the home. What can I file? I went to probate court and she only deposited the will. How can I get her to inform me of all accounts?	Real Estate Questions	California
What&#39;s the labor law concerning not paid in strike pay or overtime? I am a registered nurse in CA, was told that I would be paid strike pay ( more than double what I usually make per hr under a travel nurse contract ), plus my usual tax free stipend in lieu of provided housing. In addition to this, I worked 60 hrs during the strike, as opposed to my contracted 36 hrs per week. I also found out that everyone (but me ) working the strike received a $250 gift card (I also did not receive a $500 card in Dec for a strike at the same facility/company). I was not paid strike pay, nor overtime for what was worked over 40 hrs. What does labor law state about this in CA and what recourse do I have?	Employment Questions	California
Do I have to purchase this item even if the final product color does not match the sample? Ordered a custom vanity top for my bathroom and it did not match the sample I picked. What are my rights? Do I have to purchase this item even if the final product color does not match the sample?  The manufacturer is not taking responsibility and is telling me samples vary from actual product.	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Do I have the right to know the accuser and face them one on one if my employer wrote me up? I was given a formal write up for a comment I was said to made; however never made the comment. My employer refuses to give me the information of the accuser. Do I have the right to know the accuser and face them one on one?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there a statute of limitations on reading a will? Is there a statute of limitations on reading a will? Uncle died 4 years ago, aunt still has not read the will.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Can I sue the hospital if a patient punched me in the face &amp; it was not conveyed during shift change report? I am a nurse, a patient punched me in the face. The patient was known to be agressive but this was not conveyed during shift change report. I have moderate pain but no actual physical injury. I do feel emotionally traumatized from the event and it is affecting my work. Can I sue the hospital?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Laws regarding a manager trying to make an employer quit and feel uncomfortable? Laws regarding a manager trying to make an employer quit and feel uncomfortable?	Employment Questions	Colorado
if the bank repossesses my vehicle and sells it, am I responsible for the remaining balance? if the bank repossesses my vehicle and sells it, am I responsible for the remaining balance?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What to do if you inherit money and property from a late friend, but don&#39;t trust the Executor of the will if you inherit money and property from a friend that dies, but don't trust or like the Executor of the will. What can you do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Is it too late to get alimony if I have already been granted a divorce? If I have already been granted a divorce, is it too late to get alimony?  I live in PA.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If a lease has two party and one party doesn&#39;t sign is it legally binding? If a lease has two parties and one party doesn't sign is it legally binding?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
What to do if I&#39;m having trouble with visitation of my child and with child support payments? I am having trouble with visitation of my child and with child support payments.	Family Questions	Georgia
Does my partner and I have custody if we didn&#39;t get joint custody but our names are on the certificate? My partner and I are still together but if we didn't go to court to get joint custody for our child and we both are on the birth certificate. Do we actually have custody?	Family Questions	Virginia
Am I able to recoup costs for my time for showings, gas usage, and new rental permits? My tenant is leaving in the 3rd month of a 1yr lease. Am I able to recoup costs for my time (@$30/hr) for showings, gas usage, and new rental permits? The rental unit is in PA.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Delaware
What are my rights when i get an IUD put in? What are my rights when i get a IUD put in?	Family Questions	North Carolina
are landlords allowed to require tenants to give 60 days notice if the tenants will not be renewing? In the state of Illinois, are landlords allowed to require the renters/tenants to give 60 days notice if the renters/tenants will not be renewing?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What to do if I am constantly being harrased at work? I am constantly being harassed at work. I informed my boss and manager and about it but they don't do anything things just get worse	Employment Questions	Washington
if my spouse signed but I never signed the document as his wife can I refuse to give easement? if my spouse signed an agreement to give easement of our property but I never signed the document as his wife can I refuse to give easement	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What if a husband files a divorce case but the woman does not agree and does not want to divorce? What if a husband files a divorce case but the woman does not agree and does not want to divorce?	Family Questions	Michigan
What do I need to do to get an emergency temporary custodial letter because my child is in danger? What do I need to do to get an emergency temporary custodial letter because my child is in danger?	Family Questions	North Carolina
After you file for custody who has custody until the conference? After you file for custody who has custody until the conference?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can you take a child off a child support case if you find out that he is not the father of the child? Can you take a child off a child support case if you find out that he is not the father of the child but his on child support for three?	Family Questions	Georgia
Will the Power of Attorney by the agent extend beyond the death of the principal? Will the Power of Attorney by the agent extend beyond the death of the principal?	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
Still held liable if I take my truck for repairs and I&#39;m not given a signed release of liability? You take your truck to a VoTec school for repairs and you are not given the signed release of liability until you pick up the truck. The work is not done correctly and you are billed a high amount for oils and lube they did not put in the truck. they can not provide any work documents can they still be held liable?	Consumer Questions	Idaho
Is my pension safe if home is repossessed when I&#39;m a retired firefighter? I am a retired Orlando, Fl firefighter with a pension.  My home mortgage is in default.  Is my pension safe if home is repossessed?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Law preventing mandatory overtime for certified nursing assistants? Is there a law in New York state preventing mandatory overtime for certified nursing assistants?	Employment Questions	New York
What rights do I have if the mother won&#39;t me let me see the DNA test? I took a DNA test and the child is mine but the mother wont let me see the child unless I'm in a relationship with her. I don't  want to be with her but my name isn't on birth certificate. What rights do I have?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Tennessee
Is it illegal for a manager to ask an employee to quit? Is it illegal for a manager to ask an employee to quit?	Employment Questions	California
What to do if I put my name on a car that was seized by the FBI not knowing that it was seized? What to do if I put my name on a car that was seized by the Federal Bureau of Investigations not knowing that it was seized?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Is it legal for a Wisconsin landlord to provide a key to apartment building common areas to do work in hallways or basements without notifying tenants? I own an 4 unit apartment building. Is it legal for a Wisconsin landlord to provide a key to apartment building common areas to do work in hallways or basements without notifying tenants?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Wisconsin
Is it legal to sell a business without a lease with the landlord? Is it legal to sell a business without a lease with the landlord?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Is it legal for the police to not take a statement from a eye witness of an assault case? Is it legal for the police to not take a statement from a eye witness of an assault case?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Do I have the right to my cash refund before I leave the hospital? The hospital has collected $300.00 for my wife's hospital stay.  The insurance company has provided a letter stating that the bill is covered in full with no copays.  Do I have the right to my cash refund before I leave the hospital?	Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
What to do if my boyfriend wants to put his name on my son&#39;s birth certificate but he is not his father? What to do if my boyfriend wants to put his name on my son's birth certificate but he is not his father?	Family Questions	Indiana
Where can I get a copy of the Rhode Island statute pertaining to sweepstakes? Where can I get a copy of the Rhode Island statute pertaining to sweepstakes?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I am in need to become an emancipated minor? What to do if I am in need to become an emancipated minor?	Family Questions	South Carolina
How long does an employer have to pay you after you have been fired? How long does an employer have to pay you after you have been fired?	Employment Questions	Utah
How do I go about claiming bankruptcy when I&#39;m 57 and disabled? I would like to claim bankruptcy cause I'm not working now and haven't been for while. I have disability and now I am 57 years of age.	Consumer Questions	New York
Recourse if bought a RV &amp; discovered issues with refrigerator upon delivery inspection? Bought a RV. Discovered issues with refrigerator upon delivery inspection. Said they had it fixed. On our second trip. The refrigerator's circuit board melted and ruined the fridge. RV was used. No warranty. Was bought from a dealer. Any recourse?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
What to do if I want to get parental rights to my child? I want to get parental rights to my child. But there is another man on the birth certificate (who is not in the picture). The mother is keeping me from the child and I am looking for any advice. I live in Oregon my child lives in California and was born in Nevada /	Family Questions	Oregon
Due to filth and unsafe environment, is it my landlord&#39;s responsibility? I got hurt on the property which I rent at. Due to filth and unsafe environment, is it my landlord's responsibility? Other tenants and I had been complaining about the filth and the damage to the property yet nothing still has not been done.	Personal Injury Questions	California
If a personal check is written out to a lawyer can the lawyer sign the check over to another party? if a personal check is written out to a lawyer can the lawyer sign the check over to another party?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
I am a CA employee of a Missouri company performing field service. I am given written instructions to share with the customer to clarify the scope of my services.  The customer is NOT billed. My rate of pay is printed on my instructions for the world to read.  Doesn&#39;t this violate my privacy? None	Employment Questions	California
How do others who sell over the internet but don&#39;t require a payment at the point of sale sue without sending people all over the country to appear in court? We sell a service over the internet. However, when we need to litigate our attorney's always want a live witness to appear even when the only issue is a legal issue and not an issue involving a fact. How do others who sell over the internet but don't require a payment at the point of sale sue without sending people all over the country to appear in court?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	South Carolina
What do I do if my ex-husband refused to let me go out of the country with the kids? My ex-husband refused to let me go out of the country with the kids. What do I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Are we under obligation to give the money to the committee or keep to put event on next year? We put on a Civil War Reenactment.  Our committee is divided in half. So this year half of the committee put on the event.  Are we under obligation to give the money to the committee or keep to put event on next year?  The money from previous years for start up.  Half of the committee wants to start a new event.  Can we split the money saved in half so each side has start up for next year?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can an employer require employees to answer a survey then sign their names to it? Can an employer require employees to answer a questionnaire about their opinions about the company and then sign their names to it? Their answers are then used in their yearly evaluations.	Employment Questions	New York
Is there a way to put the deed to the house in my children&#39;s name or in the name of a trust to avoid some inheritance tax? I am 91 years old and am in the process of buying a house in Arizona.Is there a way to put the deed to the house in my children's name or in the name of a trust to avoid some inheritance tax??	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I receive unemployment comp after receiving severance pay in the state of MA right away, should I sign a rights to claim form? If I receive unemployment comp after receiving severance pay in the state of MA right away, should I sign a rights to claim form? Who supplies this form?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What is the law on breaks and lunches? What is the law on breaks and lunches?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Upon move out, is it legal for a landlord to require you to pay an amount for damages by a certain date in San Jose? Upon move out, is it legal for a landlord to require you to pay an amount for damages by a certain date in San Jose? My landlord is giving me 10 days and I would like more time. Perhaps get my own contractor in their to do an estimate?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question about disability? I was on short term disability two different times at a job back in 2009.  When I returned from disability the second time in March 2009, I was allowed to work one day and was then laid off.  I am out of work to this day.  Is there anything I can do?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can an employee get pay rate taken away when they get taken down from there position? Can an employee get pay rate taken away when they get taken down from there position?	Employment Questions	New York
What rights do I have as a man on disability for my hearing loss when my employer fired me after receiving a letter from my doctor? What rights do I have as a man on disability for my hearing loss when my employer fired me after receiving a letter from my doctor? It says I could only work 20 hours a week due to the stress the environment caused on my hearing.	Employment Questions	Michigan
I am snow plowing for association. Some residents declined the service. I need a form for them to fill out declining the service and I need to know what else needs to be added-like not responsible for injuries that may occur in areas not treated. What else do I  include? This is located in NJ.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Personal Injury Questions,Real Estate Questions	New York
Is it abandonment if father not in child&#39;s life and has no court order for child support? If a father has not been in a child's life for ten years, has no court order to pay child support, is it considered abandonment in the state of Nevada? Also my husband has been my daughter's guardian since 2004. So does my ex have any rights to my daughter?	Family Questions	Nevada
Seller refuses to fix purchased condo. Purchasing a condo in Texas.  Seller refusing to fix anything--electrical safety issues, HVAC, etc.  Condo was not advertised "as is".  If we were getting a loan seller would have to make repairs, but we are paying cash.  Is the inspection we paid for public information that we can post online?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Can an employer accept a two week notice if given under huge emotional stress? Can an employer accept a two week notice if given under huge emotional stress and not in right mind due to anxiety medication?	Employment Questions	Washington
Can Manager make employees dress certain ways to suit his standards? Can Manager take upon himself to make employees dress certain ways to suit his standards even if there is no dress code in effect in job?	Employment Questions	New York
Will the manager be held unfair to give the shift over to someone else? Once a employee gives out their shift, will the manager be held unfair to give the shift over to someone else?	Employment Questions	Rhode Island
What is the minimum hours worked per week to be considered full-time? What is the minimum amount of hours worked per week to be considered full-time employment?	Employment Questions	California
How do I get paid for hours worked that I haven&#39;t been paid for? How do I get paid for hours worked that I haven't been paid for?	Employment Questions	New Hampshire
Lawsuit if I had my hair bleached and the following day I have HUGE Sores ALL over my scalp? I just had my hair bleached and the following day I have HUGE HUGE Sores ALL over my scalp. Is this a lawsuit?	Personal Injury Questions	California
How do I dispute a creditor when the issue is about someone else taking the loan out of my name? I had a creditor call me stating that I was past due on a personal loan from Cash Call, original name Western Sky, but I do not know anything about it.  My concern comes from the fact that I don't want to pay it until I know if someone else took it out in my name, but the guy on the phone said that since I couldn't pay it they were sending my file to the local County Clerks office.  It will go into litigation.  How to I dispute this.  I am afraid they can put a lein on my house.  Is that something they can do?  I believe that someone stole my social and I am in the process of starting to dispute everything, but in the meantime can they come after me?  I don't know what will happen and the guy couldn't give me details.	Consumer Questions	Virginia
To whom does property belong if owner refuses payment? I am buying my home and land on a land contract. Twice now, the owner has refused to accept my check and stated he was going to foreclose. Since he refused my payment, is the property and home deemed mine or his?  I live in South Carolina.	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
What will they do if you miss court day because you had no ride and you&#39;re pregnant? What will they do if you miss court day because you had no ride and you're pregnant?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Can they kick me out in the 3 days eviction if I am behind on my rent and have had my gas shut off? I live in Colorado and I have 2 small children. Can they kick me out in the 3 days eviction if I am behind on my rent and have had my gas shut off?	Family Questions	Colorado
Does the employer have the right to fire her for being pregnant or can they face legal action? My friend at work is pregnant and has been taking a lot of days off for being sick. Does the employer have the right to fire her or can they face legal action?	Employment Questions	California
How do I present a claim for emotional distress from my horrific rear ended car accident?	Personal Injury Questions	Texas
What to do if bank hasn&#39;t removed my name from title in bankruptcy filing? I filed chapter 7 and surrendered the property but the bank has not removed my name from the title and the bankruptcy was discharged in march 2011. What should be done?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can creditors take my furniture or can I file my exemption of $4000? i live in Florida. Can creditors take my furniture or can i file my exemption of $4000 before they come to my home with a sheriff?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Can my commercial landlord deduct money from my security deposit for 29 fluorescent bulbs? Can my commercial landlord deduct money from my security deposit for 29 fluorescent bulbs they say needed to be replaced even though at my final walk through the lights were all working and a third party was there to sign the final (which did not include anything about the light bulbs)? The management company claims it must have been a mistake to omit it (But don't you think they would notice if 90% of the bulbs were out?) Plus they are deducting labor and materials to replace these bulbs at a rate of 400% what I could have done it for, had I know. Something seems fishy here. I am in Illinois.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Do I need a new will if I have more children or remarry? If I had a will made after getting divorced and it includes provisions for my child and future possible children, do I need a new will if I have more children or remarry?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Washington
Can an employer make their employees work every single day without a day off for months at a time? Can an employer, in the state of Washington, make their employees work every single day without a day off for months at a time?	Employment Questions	Washington
How do I file for emergency child custody hearing or petition? How do I file for emergency child custody hearing or petition?	Family Questions	Florida
Rock quarry noise disturbs sleep during day. I live very close to a rock quarry. they blast using dynamite. it shakes my home to the foundation. Also I can hear the heavy machinery loading the rocks in the trucks to be hauled to the National Gypsum Plant.I am an LVN and work nights. I'm tired of being woken by these blasts. What can be done?	Corporate Questions	Texas
Action for a tenant to pay for a commercial leasing? What's the proper legal action that needs to take place after a judgment has been set by the judge for a tenant to pay for a commercial leasing and she still hasn't pay the judgement yet? Can I just evict her or do I have to file eviction papers? And how long will she be able to move out in the state of MD	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Maryland
My landlord let the house go in foreclosure and it was sold by auction in October. My landlord is now calling telling me I need to pay her rent. But the new owners are asking me to leave by next month who do I pay rent to? None	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Confusion over registering with the Missouri State Supreme Court when I&#39;m in Illinois? On the Missouri state Supreme Court, it states that I don't have to register. I live in Illinois and I'm done with my registration here but I want to move to Missouri. Te state police say I have to register for the rest of my life. How is that if I'm down here?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Something I can do if I got fired for returning stuff I got as a gift while pregnant? Hello I just got let go from my job for returning stuff I got for as a gift. Is there something I can do about this? I'm 5 months pregnant and I'm not sure any one will hire me now.	Employment Questions	Georgia
Legal for my work schedule to have no days off in a month? My work schedule for this month has left me with no days off. I work for an assisted living facility and do in home care which means I have no scheduled breaks either. I want to know if this is legal?	Employment Questions	California
Legal for male tenant to use the women&#39;s bathroom? Is it legal for a male tenant of my office building to repeatedly use the women's bathroom without letting anyone know that he will be in there? Several women have complained to the owner of the building about this guy sitting on a toilet in a closed stall when they sat down in the adjoining stall, only to realize that it was a man in the next stall. They had no idea that he was using the bathroom until he flushed and walked out. The men's bathroom is located right next to the women's bathroom and there is no reason for him to be doing this. The building owners have asked him to stop using the women's bathroom but he continues to do so. What can be legally done. This man obviously has no sense of common decency.	Employment Questions	Colorado
Does my job have to pay holiday pay? Does my job have to pay holiday pay?	Employment Questions	California
If we have a lease and landlord is going through a divorce and has advised house may go to foreclosure, what rights do we have? Oregon: If we have a lease and landlord is going through a divorce and has advised house may go to foreclosure, what rights do we have?  Must we move?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
What&#39;s the statue of limitations on divorce in the state of NJ? What's the statue of limitations on divorce in the state of NJ? How many years do you have to be separated in order for the court to declare you legally divorced?	Family Questions	Florida
Legal for a person to retrieve a mini recording device to hear everyone&#39;s conversation? There is a person where I work who witnessed another person retrieve a mini recording device to hear everyone's conversation. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Indiana
how long is a wage freeze legal? how long is a wage freeze legal?	Employment Questions	New Mexico
How do I claim my share of the property? I'm one of the heirs of my grandfather's estate, 39-acre property to be divided equally,nothing has been settled in over 20 years. how do I claim my share of the property?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Could I be made to leave immediately or does the landlord have to evict me? I signed a 21-day agreement to vacate but still have no place to go. Could I be made to leave immediately or does the landlord have to evict me? I live in Florida.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Did my taxes increase due to me paying the house out or simply from the county increase? I was told recently that paying off a home will result in higher property taxes.  I paid off my home several years ago and my taxes went from $4,400 to $7,200 but during this time property taxes increased in our county so I never made the connection until now.  Is this true, did my taxes increase due to me paying the house out or simply from the county increase?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
School principal in trouble for written statement? At my high school I had to write a statement about what happened in a certain conflict and I had to sign it. I had to do this because they did not believe what one of my friends was saying and they wanted to hear it from me. After giving the principal my written statement, the principal told my friend that I had said that I did not know anything about the situation. Can my principal get in trouble for this?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I trade vehicles after leasing for 24 hours? I just leased a brand new vehicle and I have buyers remorse. Can I return it for a trade of a used less expensive vehicle after only possessing for 24 hours?	Contract Questions	California
If my mother-in-law paid for airline tickets, is it considered kidnapping? If my mother-in-law paid for airline tickets for my separated from husband to take them away from me is it considered kidnapping?	Family Questions	Hawaii
Do grandparents have rights in child custody? My daughter is in jail awaiting trial and her husband took off with my grandchild in the middle of the night to somewhere in Idaho. He has shut my family out of the child's life. He has temporary custody of his daughter. He is a known alcoholic and smokes weed. My other daughter has pretty much raised my grandchild her for the past two years. I fear for the child's safety, do I have any rights as a grandparent? If so, what are they? Should I bond my daughter out and let her fight to get her daughter back? She wants to sign her rights over to my other daughter. Please help me I've called several lawyers and not heard back.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What is law on one&#39;s person&#39;s medications prescribed to that person? What is Louisiana law concerning carrying on one's person medications prescribed to that person?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
Hello, I am petitioning for sole custody of my daughter. The father, is currently not living in the address he stated he was in beforehand. I only have until tomorrow to legally have someone serve him for our court date. He said he would come to my house and asked to be served here. Is that allowed?	Family Questions	New York
If a land contract exists between seller and buyer, and seller has previous mortgage (lien), on home and seller is delinquent to lienholder of mortgage, what adverse effects could this have if any, on (land contract) buyer?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Are 2-10 minute breaks also in legal document form? What legal documentation is available explaining the right of an employee to take a 30 minute lunch break to eat & relieve oneself during a 8 hour work day. Are 2-10 minute breaks also in document form?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Neighbor builds deck hanging over property line. A neighbor of ours has built a small building with a deck. The deck overhangs our property line by about 4 feet or so. Is it possible, or feasible to make up a paper saying that it is OK with us for it to be there for now, but that we are NOT deeding property or anything like that?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
When a parent moves from previous address when children involved are they to notify the other parent? When a parent moves from previous address when children involved are they to notify the other parent?	Family Questions	California
Do you really need to have a bankruptcy lawyer there present? I filed for bankruptcy and have taken both financial classes and passed.  I was told you are in front of a judge for only a few minutes to answer a few questions.  Do you really need to have a bankruptcy lawyer there?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Law against property management who did not return inspection within proper time frame? Law against property management/landlord who did not return inspection within proper time frame?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Question regarding ownership and title with mobile home? I bought a mobile home from a mobile home park about 3 weeks ago for $800. I paid $150 for the deposit and $360 for the lot rent. Come to find out that the mobile home park doesn't have the title and now the owners want it back. What can I do about this? Isn't this against the law for them to do this? Is this not the same as selling a car without a title?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Is there not some kind of law protecting against this type of discrimination? On Friday the twentieth of January, I slipped and fell on my way to work and blew out my knee. I went to work that night and worked my shift. On Monday, I went to the doctor and he put me on restrictions so work told me I could not work. I then went to see a specialist and he lessened the restrictions and I went back to work. I have been working for a week and a half now on those restrictions but tonight they said I had to go home. They said I could not work there no matter how minor the restrictions are no exceptions even though I have been doing the job just fine. Is there not some kind of law protecting against this type of discrimination? I even had to take attendance points when I left. I work at Honda manufacturing plant in Greensburg.	Employment Questions	Indiana
Help if the hospital think I&#39;m faking my sickness? I  am a diabetic, and quit my job in a professional manner because I feel that I was discriminated against by my managers. I was hospitalized three times within the past six months due to complications, which were brought on by not being able to take my medicine. Any time I was to miss work, they would write me up, even though it was medically excused. They made negative comments about me not being diabetic, and just faking it for attention. Can you help me?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I legally keep the girlfriend away from my child? My daughter is 6 months old and her father and I are not together. He has a live in girlfriend that has lied and deceived me twice and I don't trust her. Do I have the legal right the girlfriend away from my child because of trust? Especially, when I take my daughter to her father's house for visitations while I'm not present and I don't know what's going on.	Family Questions	California
Can a mother legally change her children&#39;s last names to her current married name without their biological father&#39;s permission? Can a mother legally change her children's last names to her current married name without their biological father's permission?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Denied work for a women&#39;s beach volleyball game cause they wear bikinis? Can I be denied work for a women's beach volleyball game because the women wear bikinis?	Employment Questions	California
Can I get a refund for a used car transmission? brought a use car transmission with a 90 days  warranty paid to have it install just to fund that the transmission was not good. The place of purchase say they have order another one and now I have to repay someone to put it on. All I want now is my money back to keep paying an installer is quite costly......thanks	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Can I cancel my cell phone contract without penalty if I don&#39;t get service at home? Can I cancel my cell phone contract without penalty if I don't get service at home?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
How can we get my mother-in-law to move out of our home in Virginia? How can we get my mother-in-law to move out of our home in Virginia?	Family Questions	Virginia
Do you still have to pay child support with joint custody? Do you still have to pay child support with joint custody?	Family Questions	Georgia
Illegal for a non-custodial parent to take a minor across state lines without permission of the parent? Is it illegal for a non custodial parent in the state of Indiana with only visitation rights to take a minor child across state lines without the permission of the custodial parent?	Family Questions	Indiana
Question about property and amending the LDR? I own property and the owner on both sides of me are trying to amend the LDR of Treasure Island, Pinellas County, Florida to include pet services. This will block me in with a dog kennel on both sides of my property, is this legal?	Employment Questions	Florida
Should I deduct cost of goods, shipping, and re-stocking fee and refund the balance, or is that an intent of guilt? A business is asking for a refund for goods purchased, stating that they were below par. I disagree and don't believe a refund is accessory. Should I deduct cost of goods, shipping, and re-stocking fee and refund the balance, or is that an intent of guilt? Our invoice states goods sold as is.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
Have my civil rights been violated if I was ridiculed at work because of my religious beliefs? I Was cussed and ridiculed at work because of my religious beliefs! Have my civil rights been violated?	Employment Questions	Tennessee
Employer require to bring documentation stating you can work based on pregnancy? Can a employer require you to bring documentation stating you can work based on the fact that you are pregnant? And I cant return to work without it.	Employment Questions	Illinois
How can a charge be added once booked into the county jail? How can a charge be added once booked into the county jail?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
How can I start a suit against my former employer? How can I start a suit against my former employer? I worked as a housekeeper and there were so many flaws in the way they conducted business.	Employment Questions	Indiana
What to do if I didn&#39;t do a payday loan back in 2008-2009 but I have some kind of creditors calling? I know I didn't do a payday loan back in 2008-2009 but I have some kind of creditors calling. What should I do?	Criminal Questions	Hawaii
To what age of a child can a father enforce his visitation in the state of South Carolina? To what age of a child can a father enforce his visitation in the state of South Carolina? I'm thinking 17 but not sure.	Family Questions	South Carolina
If my husband has been an owner-operator and has workmans comp, is he entitled to anything? my husband has been an owner-operator for a moving company and has workmans comp. Is he intitled to anything since hes been hurt?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can my employer fire me for being out of work for 5 days in the hospital and follow up appointments? Can my employer in pa fire me for being out of work for 5days in the hospital and follow up appointments leading to surgery in 8 weeks from now?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Acceptable to make your staff stay after to attend parent meetings with no pay? Is it acceptable to make your preschool teaching staff stay after their sceduled time to attend mandatory parent meetings with no over time pay, even if the employee hand book states that it is madatory?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Who has ownership if 2 unmarried people buy a home and both names are on the deed and they split up? 2 unmarried people buy home. Both names on deed. Who has ownership if they split up?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Legal if my license will be suspended if I just got a letter about a ticket from 1996? I got a letter saying I had a ticket from 1996 that needs to be paid by Sept. 19 or my license will be suspended. Is that legal?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What to do if f I ever go over 40 hours &amp; I am not compensated with overtime? I'm on salary at my job. The owner of the company deducts my paycheck if I don't make 46.5 hours a week. If I ever go over 40 hours & I am not compensated with overtime.	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Does an employer have to pay for employees to attend mandatory meeting? Does an employer have to pay for employees to attend mandatory meeting?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can I sue my former employer for not giving me meal breaks when I work 8 and 10 hour shifts? I stay in the state of Michigan. Can I sue my former employer for not giving me meal breaks when I work 8 and 10 hour shifts?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Is it fair to pay $350 on damages from a used dealership? I bought a car on Saturday from a used car lot on Monday. I called them because the transmission pan was leaking. I took it to there shop on Wednesday and was told I would have to pay $350 to get it fixed. They refuse to tale the car back. Is this fair?	Consumer Questions	Missouri
If I am filing for Chapter 7 with a main unsecured non-priority debt having been declared marital in divorce, can I file for only half the amount? If I am filing for Chapter 7 with a main unsecured non-priority debt having been declared marital in divorce, can I file for only half the amount? Unfortunately, the card was mine before marriage so it is in my name only.	Consumer Questions	West Virginia
In the state of Florida, is a landlord responsible for tenant lodging if the home has to be tented for termite treatment? In the state of Florida, is a landlord responsible for tenant lodging if the home has to be tented for termite treatment?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can company change relocation date without written notice to employees? My work is being relocated. Our given date was October 21st, and it has now been moved to a week earlier.  Some people have already made arrangements based on this first date, no written notice of 2nd date has been given.  Can they do this?	Employment Questions	Washington
If I pay a cashier&#39;s check for the full amount at a dealership and they have failed to deliver and set up after a month, would the dealership have grounds to refuse? If you pay a cashier's check for the full amount of a new double wide home at a dealership and they have failed to deliver and set up after a month of getting excuses and you decide to cancel, would the dealership have grounds to refuse?  There is no 72 hour clause in contract. The home was in their inventory and was told the set up and delivery would be within 2 weeks.	Real Estate Questions	Texas
How long do I have to wait to have the rights of the parents revoked? I as a grandparent already have permanent custody of my grandson, but parents haven't visited in 6 months. How long do I have to wait to have their rights as parents revoked?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
If I got married and have a child with my wife will my children child support change? If I got married and have a child with my wife will my children child support change?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
How do I go about getting the number of my lost Naturalization certificate? I'm a US citizen and I lost my Naturalization certificate, how do I go about getting at least the number on it? I'm filing a petition for my wife and needs the no.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Wyoming
How can a company get by with working an employee
12 hours a day, make him work the weekends and pay them only for 40 hours?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
How long can I be forced to work without getting a break? How long can I be forced to work without getting a break? On the clock or not.  I work retail and I am normally the only employee in my store.	Employment Questions	Illinois
How to stop the eviction that current tenant had past due rent then take over the lease as a new buyer? Dear the LawPivot,How to stop the eviction from the landlord that current tenant had past due rent then take over the lease as a new buyer?Thank you	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can a relative serve as a witness in a car accident? In Pensacola, Florida can a relative serve as a witness to an auto accident if they where driving in a separate car, witnessed the accident, and was the first one on scene after the accident?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Am I required to accept the 10 hours per week, or can I file an unemployment claim? I work for a company in a part time capacity (30 hour per week). They have a position available full time but for less money per hour. They full time position will encompass 90% of my job duties and it has been mentioned my hours will be cut to less then 10 hours per week. Am I required to accept the 10 hours per week, or can I file an unemployment claim?	Employment Questions	New York
What is the correct amount of time an employer has to post an hourly workers schedule? What is the correct amount of time an employer has to post an hourly workers schedule?  Is it 72 hours before that schedule begins?	Employment Questions	Florida
I work on contract and my contract expired 4 months ago. My employer kept paying me the same amount een though I don&#39;t have a new contract. Do I have any legal recourse or am I doomed? Does this make it a month to month contract? Please advise.	Employment Questions	Oklahoma
Can my employer force me to take FMLA? Can my employer force me to take FMLA? I haven't been out of work when I got hurt they created a job for me.	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Is it legal for a judge to give you 5 days to move out? Is it legal for a judge to give you 5 days to move out?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is employer liable for work injury if drug in my system? I fell at my job and broke my arm. My job didn't require a drug screening. Before I fell I did not smoke weed but several hours after it happened, I did smoke some weed. The next day I had a drug screening and it showed up in my system. I went to the doctor to get the cast on and now they won't pay for anything and my arm is left untreated. I still fell on their property, is there anything that I can do?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
My landlord is taking me to court for non payment of rent. The court date is Monday. I am moving this weekend. She put a lock on my garage. Can she do that?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Colorado
How much would the legal papers costs? how much would it cost to write up a legal paper stating my boyfriend can stay in my house as long as he continues to pay the mortgage.  Would my children automatically own the house and have possessions of all my assets upon my death?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it a law in New York state that employees paid an hourly wage must be paid weekly regardless where the home office or corporate office is located? Is it a law in New York state that employees paid an hourly wage must be paid weekly regardless where the home office or corporate office is located?	Employment Questions	New York
Am I entitled to my vacation pay? I was let go of my job of 8 years on April 4, 2012. As of my 8th year anniversary on March 15, 2012, I had earned 2 weeks of vacation pay. Am I entitled to that pay?	Employment Questions	Florida
Do I have to pay my ex part of basic housing allowance? When in the military do you have to pay your soon to be ex-wife part of basic housing allowance if she moves out willing while your in the process of a divorce?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
When does divorce papers become legally binding? What time period does my divorce papers become legally binding?	Family Questions	California
Creating paperwork for distributing coin collection. Q: I need to distribute a coin collection. When I distribute it, I want to create some sort of paperwork that is signed by beneficiary to show transfer. The collection has thousands of random coins.  Does anybody have recommended verbage of the documentation that I am looking to create?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
If I pay rent in May, is that the rent payment for June? My lease for my apartment ends June 30. If I pay rent in May is that the rent payment for June?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can an employer require you to use your personal vehicle for work-related errands? Can an employer require you to use your personal vehicle for work-related errands?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is it legal for a hospital to cancel my employment for smoking? I work in healthcare as a traveler. I recently was accepted for a job. I signed a contract. Then was told the hospital cancelled me because I smoke. Is this legal? I had admitted beforehand that I did smoke. I took the pre-employment drug test . It was positive for nicotine.	Employment Questions	Arizona
Is it possible for them to belong  to another dept and still believe some of these individuals were life members who joined the other dept? Our fire dept was incorporated in 1952. We have members who are no longer part of our department and have joined another dept. They still think they are part of our company. Is it possible for them to belong  to another dept and still believe some of these individuals were life members who joined the other dept? What rights do they have with in our dept?	Employment Questions	New York
Legal help to protect me from an old landlord for garnishment? I was court ordered to pay 2600.00 for being evicted. My wages was garnished and they took all of the money. Now two years later the same appartment is trying to garnish me for 3179 dollars. I need legal help to protect me.	Consumer Questions	Georgia
If I worked in West Virginia but live in Pennsylvania, can I file in PA rather that WV for unemployment? I worked in the state of West Virginia, I live in Pennsylvania.  I just lost my job and would be eligible for unemployment.  Can I file in Pa rather that WV?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
C-corp documentation help? We are looking for help to create bylaws and other documents for a c-corp to apply for a business certification. Help?	Corporate Questions	California
Do you think that I should get a master degree in parelegal studies too if I have a master in legal? I am currently working on my master degree in legal studies because I am thinking about being a advocate for young people in the court. Do you think that I should get a master degree in parelegal studies too?	Family Questions	New York
What to do if HRA is accusing me of fraud? What to do if HRA is accusing me of fraud?	Consumer Questions	New York
Can an employer hold your check for not signing a disciplinary action? Can an employer hold your check for not signing a disciplinary action?I live in Milwaukee,WI	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Can you be salaried without supervising at least 2 employees? Can anyone be salaried?  I thought you had to have supervision of at least 2 employees to be paid on salary, as opposed to paid hourly.	Employment Questions	Iowa
If I file bankruptcy in state of Georgia will my child support agreement be dropped? If I file bankruptcy in state of Georgia will my child support agreement be dropped?	Family Questions	Georgia
When selling a home, is the seller required to leave the range and refrigerator with the home? When selling a home in Pennsylvania is the seller required to leave the range and refrigerator with the home?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an employer ask an employee to train for free a 17 year old? Can an employer ask an employee to train for free a 17 year old?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
What assets included in estate to determine Elective Share Amount? Florida Elective Share (30%) - What assets are included in an estate to determine what the Elective Share amount will be for the spouse of a decedent? Or, what assets are not included in determining the estate basis upon which the 30% elective share will be calculated?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is there any chance to receive unemployment benefits? Is there any chance to receive unemployment benefits?Question Details: I am from Illinois. My work requires me to work with very toxic paints and solvents. The work place doesn't have any ventilation whatsoever. All my request to have proper ventilation installed have been ignored. Lately i have been experiencing headaches, nausea and shortness of breath. I quit (voluntary) my job .	Employment Questions	Illinois
What can I do to get my deposit back and damages if they took the SUV? I bought a SUV on Monday and on Thursday. They came and took the SUV. What can I do to get my deposit back and damages.	Consumer Questions	Alabama
Does a retired military officer discharged honorably have any rights by virtue of his medical condition? Does a retired military officer discharged honorably have any rights by virtue of his/her medical condition for which the officer was discharged?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Are there regulations in sharing a P.O. box with someone in Georgia? Are there regulations in sharing a P.O. box with someone in Georgia?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Question regarding my brother-in-law hunting on my mother&#39;s land? Hello my mother is elderly and owns over a hundred acres. I have a brother-in-law that was hunting on it last year. When I told to leave the land last year he said no. My mother told me this year I can tell him no hunting. Can I do this and it be legal enough to have him arrested if he says no?	Family Questions	New York
Can you recoup any money if a cruise-line does not fulfill its obligations? Can you recoup any money if a cruise-line does not fulfill its obligations? Just went on a cruise and because of weather we made no stops and got back late requiring us to change plane schedule and get a motel.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Is my marriage legal if he&#39;s still married in Europe and has divorce papers from Vegas? Hello, I found out, that my husband is still married in Bulgaria/Europe. He has a divorce paper from 2003 Las Vegas, Nevada. We married 01/02/2012- Chicago, IL. My question is our marriage legal or not?Thanks	Family Questions	Illinois
I want to voluntarily relinquish my parental rights as a father in the state of Florida.  Can I do this only under special circumstances, or can it just be done because I&#39;m volunteering? I want to voluntarily relinquish my parental rights as a father in the state of Florida.  Can I do this only under special circumstances, or can it just be done because I'm volunteering?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How do we get the house into our daughter&#39;s name/ownership the cheapest way? My husband and I are buying a townhouse for my adult daughter to live in.  She is getting divorced, unemployed due to health, but not eligible for disability because she was a stay at home mom.  We are taking money from our IRAs for down payment and closing.  We are approved for rental purchase.  How do we get the house into our daughter's name/ownership the cheapest way?  She doesn't qualify for mortgage - should she be on deed so that when we die house is hers?  Can we gift house to her somehow?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Can grandparents cover grandchildren on their health insurance if they do not have custody? Can grandparents cover grandchildren on their health insurance if they do not have custody in state of Tennessee?	Family Questions	Tennessee
Does an employer have the right not to give it&#39;s employees sick time in South Carolina? Does an employer have the right not to give it's employees sick time in South Carolina?	Employment Questions	South Carolina
Is my ex-boyfriend liable for child support since he gave his last name to my adopted son? My boyfriend and I are splitting up. Is he liable for child support since he gave his last name to my adopted son?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Case if my work tells me to reapply after restructuring to a male-dominated company? I was told my job is moving after 36 years of service in a predominately male company.  They advised I can apply for my job when the posting goes up.  I am female, 57 yrs of age with no college degree.  Do you think I would have a case?	Employment Questions	Illinois
On an 8-hour shift, how many breaks do the employees get? On an 8 hour shift in the state of Florida how many breaks do the employees get?	Employment Questions	Florida
Are public schools required to notify parents if they install security cameras? Are public schools required to notify parents if they install security cameras?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can my boss change my hours? Can my boss change my hours? I have a son in daycare and I have to pick him up by a certain time. My boss is making me change my shift but I have no one to watch my son. I now have to work part time so I am able to pick up my son on time. I can not afford to be part time. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Are we liable for pool at rental? I just bought a house in Florida and I'm thinking about renting the house out. If somebody drowns in the pool are we liable or is there some kind of contract or insurance where we are not liable?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
If a person has dementia and a will is drawn up and signed by that person is it legal? Do all wills have to go to Probate? If a person has dementia and a will is drawn up and signed by that person is it legal?	Family Questions	Florida
Will workers comp pay me for lost time from all 3 of my jobs? Will workers comp pay me for lost time from all 3 of my jobs?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Can an owner change the original rear setback on just the one lot prior to selling it? Can an owner of a lot in a subdivision change the original rear setback of 20 ft to 294 ft on just the one lot prior to selling it?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Can I stop the garbage pick-up since I own the property? We own an "exclusive right of way for ingress, egress and regress" that our neighbors use to access their home. We have no road agreement (no one can agree on this matter). The neighbor has private garbage pickup from a commercial carrier.  These trucks are too large to fit on the roadway without causing damage.  The asphalt is cracking and deteriorating at a moderate rate. Other private carriers are available with smaller vehicles. Our neighbors have a "no care attitude" since it is not there property.  Can I stop this garbage pick-up since we own the property? This is very disheartening to us.  What are our options.  I'll be glad to give more details if needed.Thank you, Don	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
As a 911 dispatcher, can my work terminate me if I refuse to work it? I am a 911 dispatcher forced to work mandatory overtime on a schedule my employer chooses. Can they terminate me if I refuse to work it?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If I am renting a home that is scheduled for foreclosure sale on the first Tuesday of April, What can I expect to happen next? I am renting a home that is scheduled for foreclosure sale on the first Tuesday of April. What can I expect to happen next? Will I be evicted, do I have an opportunity to lease purchase the house?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Should I receive compensation for my time when I am told I won&#39;t be needed? My work schedules me "on call".  Should I receive compensation for my time when I am told I won't be needed?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What are the names of personal torts when a health professional lies in your medical records? What are the names of personal torts when a health professional lies in your medical records and causes great personal harm to be done to you?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
General contractor promised restoration job, lost wages waiting to start. Hello, if I was promised a job, $400k to restore motel, I turned down 2 jobs same size so could do this 1, several months later havent started job, every wk told next wk, ive lost my truck most tools waiting to start job, can I sue them for lost wage? lost about $200k in lost wages.A big storm blew the roof off the motel causing every room to be destroyed, they accepted my bid, told the city inspector and insurance adjustor upon meeting them that I was the general contractor doing the job,	Administrative Law Questions	Texas
What to do next if I have rented a house and never was advised on foreclosure and now sold to the Plaintiff? I have rented a house and never was advised on foreclosure. Now it was sold in auction to the Plaintiff. What should I do next? Do I have time or will they ask me to move right away?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What do I do when my landlord didn&#39;t pay the water bill, etc.? What do I do when my landlord didn't pay the water bill and the town borough shut it off and the water is included in the monthly rent I pay and I have a 6 month old baby living here now with no water?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can the children&#39;s father get custody of them if he&#39;s not on the birth certificate? Hi i have a question: I am married but me and my husband aren't together. I have two children by someone else but my husband's name is on their birth certificate. Can the children's father get custody of them if he's not on the birth certificate?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can I evict my adult son even if he can&#39;t provide for his kids? If I evict my 31 year old son, will he be able to take his two children who have been living with my wife and I since birth from our home even if he can't provide a home or support them?	Criminal Questions	California
Does Lehman have the authority to accept or reject home modifications? I just discovered that Lehman is an investor that owns my mortgage which originated with Wells Fargo in 2006. My home is in active foreclosure. My loan modification request was denied because Lehman did not accept it.  Is this legal?  Does Lehman have the authority to accept or reject home modifications?	Real Estate Questions	Delaware
Can i Sue my job company for firing me because I want to work in another job? Can i Sue my job company for firing me because I want to work in another job?And what can I do if they do fire me?	Employment Questions	California
Am I liable for the damages caused to the passing car? I was recently out golfing on a public course in Indiana.  I was driving a ball on a hole that layed parallel to a public high way (the high way was to the left of the hole).  Upon driving the ball, I miss-hit the ball, pulling it to the left (I am a right handed golfer).  The ball landed on the high way, bounced, and landed on a car, denting the roof.  I was not intentionally trying to hit the ball on the road nor was I driving the ball in a negligent manner.  Am I liable for the damages caused to the passing car?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Can the State of Texas garnish your wages for credit card debt from orders from another state? Can the State of Texas garnish your wages for credit card debt from orders from another state that acknowledges garnishment?	Family Questions	Texas
How do you apply for divorce after only one year of marriage? How do you apply for divorce after only one year of marriage?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal if my landlord changed the locks with my stuff still in it without a court ordered eviction? My landlord changed the locks in my apartment with my stuff still in it without a court ordered eviction. Is that legal in the state of MI?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Wisconsin
Is there a grace period where I can change my mind after signing a lease? In the state of Pennsylvania, is there a grace period where I can change my mind after signing a lease on Friday 7/27?  I am a little concerned due to uncertainty of my job.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it against law for employer to discuss termination with other employees? Is it against law for employer to discuss termination with other employees?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can I counter sue in that court for other matters if Landlord summoned me to court for expired lease? Landlord summoned me to court for expired lease.  Can I counter sue in that court for other matters?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Do you get time off of work for a step-parent&#39;s death? Do you get time off of work for a step-parent's death?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
North Carolina - Administrator of an Estate w/out a Will? My father in law passed away and has no will. He did write on a note book paper that he wanted us boys to divide everything between us. Is that a legal document or can be used as a legal document? Also, he's separated from my step-mother who lives in another state. Who gets to be the administrator of his estate?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Where can you get a list of regulations for historic museums? Where can you get a list of regulations for historic museums?	Immigration Questions	California
Can the father keep me from moving to another state if receive child support but there is no agreement? I live in Florida and am trying to move to Arkansas to be closer to my father. I have a 2-year-old daughter which I do receive child support for but there is no custody agreement. Her father and I have never been married. My question is, can the father keep me from moving to another state?	Family Questions	Florida
Is my ex-husband required to continue health care coverage for our daughter&#39;s past 18 with the new law? Is my ex-husband required to continue health care coverage for our daughter's past 18 with the new law?	Family Questions	Ohio
Which price is correct to be charged by store? A store had two prices on an item. The price on a sticker said $248.00. The price on the top of the table read $48.00. I could hardly see the little sticker until the lady pointed it out. Can they charge $248.00 or should I be charged the price at the table $48.00?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I get legal papers here after I broke my visa? How can I get legal papers here after I broke my visa?	Immigration Questions	California
What to do if I applied for the asylum in US 3 years ago but I don&#39;t have any legal proof for entry? I applied for the asylum in US 3 years ago but I don't have any legal proof for entry. So in this situation what should I do?	Immigration Questions	California
What are the policies about nepotism in the workplace? What are the policies about nepotism in the work place?	Employment Questions	Colorado
What to do if the kid&#39;s father does nothing for them? What to do if the kid's father does nothing for them?	Family Questions	Michigan
Question regarding age discrimination in the workplace? I felt age discrimination in the workplace as a remark been passed and harassment of job performance was constantly being watched. I Recently wrongly allegedly been accused of deleting emails of info and not following company protocols directing of worker injury to right treatment place due to communication bearer.	Employment Questions	California
Does my employer have the right to hold my 401k? Does my employer have the right to hold my 401k?	Employment Questions	California
What are my rights if my husband and I moved to Oregon and now he wants a divorce when I&#39;m jobless? My husband has moved out.  We live in Oregon.  He moved to Wisconsin and now he wants a divorce.  Our house is in short sale in Oregon and and I have no job in in Oregon because I thought we were both moving to WI.  What are my rights?	Family Questions	Oregon
Are employees on salary entitled to overtime? Are employees on salary entitled to overtime?	Employment Questions	Virginia
What should I do after retaliation? Pepboys store manager is retaliating after I made a complaint to my HR manger, what should I do?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What to do if my ex filed that the kids were in danger, but she let them come over to my house to visit? My ex-wife filed emergency temp. custody and said the kids were in danger, but she let them come over to my house to visit unsupervised before our court date. What should I do?	Family Questions	South Carolina
Is a Manager of a restaurant that is paid salary allowed to accept tips off the floor being a waitress? Is a Manager of a restaurant that is paid salary allowed to accept tips off the floor being a waitress?	Employment Questions	Florida
Which state to get support for my son? I'm a single father with custody of my son in Florida. I was given custody by state of Tennessee where the mother resides. Do I try to get support in Florida or do I have to get help from court in Tennessee?	Family Questions	Florida
Legal for my employer to stop my check? I am a NYS Licensed Real Estate Salesperson.I left my firm on May 14, 2012 and have closed property on 4 on 27, 2012. He wrote check on May 8 and I received on May 15. On may 21, he stopped my check? Any reason  is he allow to do this? I also closed property on 6/11, and another closing coming up on 6 /27 another my broker is holding my checks. I can turn to anyone this point. because I am independent contractor with commission income, don't know who can help me with this? Because of this situation can't sleep and stressed searching for clue to find more. What right do I have and what option do I have? everyone tells me to sue him but I'm afraid of the legal fees.Please help!!!	Employment Questions	New York
Is my ex entitled to half of my pension, annuity, and social security? I've been married since Aug. 25,2000 and filed for divorce on DEC, 1 2010. Is my ex entitled to half of my pension, annuity, and social security? It's not like I'm not prepared to give it, but  if she isn't entitled to it then. MA	Family Questions	Massachusetts
If I lived with the father of my child, do I have to pay him child support? If I lived with the father of my child, (we tried to reconcile/co-parent after divorce), do I have to pay him child support for the time we were sharing a home and raising the child together.	Family Questions	Florida
What can I do to make sure I live with my dad? I'm 14 years old and I want to live with my dad. What can I do to make that happen?	Family Questions	California
What to do if my 3 siblings decided to leave me out of all decisions when my mother passed away? There are 4 siblings left after Mother passed.  My 3 siblings decided to leave me out of all decisions. The 3 divided everything, there was a will going back 25 years and not including my adopted brother.  They decided to change the paperwork into his name alone, with him only paying the yearly taxed and utilities.  This is a $300,000.00 home.  The deal being that if he decides to sell it we will split the proceeds equally.  I knew none of this as for a reason I still don't know, I was not included in anything.  I am the oldest as well.  They are the ones who decided what personal things I should have as well.  What is legally right?  Thank you	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Is an executor of an estate entitled to a percentage? Is an executor of an estate entitled to a percentage?  If so what is the percentage?  We live in Pennsylvania and I am not sure if the answer is different in another state.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What are laws for grilling on the beach? Am I allowed to grill on the beach in Destin, Florida if it's just a small charcoal grill?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How many hours do you need to apply for unemployment? How many hours do you need to apply for unemployment?	Employment Questions	New York
Are online payday loans legal in the state of Florida? Are online payday loans legal in the state of Florida?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Why am I being docked under workman&#39;s comp? Why am I being docked under workman's comp for time under doctors appointments, physical therapy and doctor requested days off for chronic pain? I'm also not being paid for gas or medications. Also, working beyond my restrictions from their own doctors.	Employment Questions	Illinois
What is the maximum penalty that could be awarded if I should File and be awarded Judgement in my favor? Was told by the E.E.O.C. that I have a strong discrimination case against my employer.  What is the maximum penalty that could be awarded if I should File and be awarded Judgement in my favor? All based on health reasons and employer lying to unemployment office.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the deadline to go to the doctor after the accident car? What is the deadline to go to the doctor after the accident car?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
What to do if last employer is ignoring my calls to pay my bills? I resigned from my last job. I am having trouble getting my last paycheck and it's been a month now. I need to know what step to take? My last employer ignored my call and I am behind on my bill.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can my employer require me to sign a paper that I will be at work during a hurricane? I work at a retirement village in Florida. Can my employer require me to sign a paper that I will be at work during a hurricane?	Employment Questions	Florida
What are my options if I I signed a contract contingent and now the contractor wants more than offered? I signed a contract contingent on what the insurance would pay minus water damage done to my roof. The contractor wants over 10,000 and the insurance only paid 7000 without water damage. What are my options?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
What are my rights as the home owner? My father died in February 2012. My mom just died three days ago. I have lived with them all my life. My mom, while in a nursing home signed the house over to me. I'm the legal owner now and my mom did make a will but the nursing home took all but $75.00. She is due $1400.00 from the escrow of her mortgage. My aunt is the executor, does she have the right to come into my house and take inventory of my parents items without my permission? The will states my brother and I split any assets. But my brother has stated that he doesn't want any of their stuff. What are my rights as the home owner?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Legal to charge me because my provider wants me to opt in to getting an electronic bill? My lawncare provider sent me a bill for $2 more than my charge. The reason stated is because they want me to opt in to getting an electronic bill or I will be charged $2 extra dollars for them to bill me. I this legal?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Is it legal if my husband&#39;s ex-girlfriend has the right to ask for my children&#39;s Social Security numbers? My husband's ex-girlfriend (whom he had child with) is asking for my daughter from another marriage and our son's ss#. Is that legal and does she have the right to ask for it?  What need could she have?	Family Questions	Missouri
How to apply for occupational license? I have a suspended license from driving while my license was invalid which I wasn't aware of. The judge just said that I need to apply for an occupational license. Do I need an attorney to do this or can I do this on my own?	Criminal Questions	Texas
Does Georgia or any state have a law that places restrictions on hooded sweatshirts? Does Georgia or any state have a law that places restrictions on hooded sweatshirts?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How many hours in a 24 hour period can a person legally work? How many hours in a 24 hour period can a person legally work?	Employment Questions	New York
How old does a child have to be to either choose which parent they want to love with or emancipate themselves from one parent? How old does a child have to be to either choose which parent they want to love with or emancipate themselves from one parent?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Legal for my employer to take the drug testing cost out of my check? I was hired for a full time position at a veterinarians office. I was drug tested 3 weeks later as was everyone else and it came back negative. 2 weeks later the air conditioner broke and she had to buy a new one for the business and she cut my hours to 15 hours per week. I told her I couldn't survive on 15 hours a week and she said to let her know if I wanted to resign, which I did. Now I just received my last check 2 weeks later and she now took the drug testing cost out of my check. Is that legal?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I legally hire someone to move or demolish the mobile home when there are squatters on my property? There are squatters on my property in Alachua County, FL . since my son stopped by to inspect in June, 2011 and saw no evidence of it.  I learned of it when Health Dept served me Notice of Unsanitary Condition - septic tank overflowing sewage onto ground.  I am in a retirement home over 125 miles away and cannot see to drive.  I want them OUT.   Can I legally hire someone to move or demolish the mobile home?  Do I have to notify them first?  I don't know name of squatters or how many there are.  HELP.  This is costing me a daily fine.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question about being dropped from University? I was recently dropped from Northcentral University.  I had passed my comprehensive exams for my Ph.D. in psychology.  I was working on my dissertation to the point where my proposal was excepted by my committee but sent back for revision by a college oversite committee when I was dropped for exceeding a seven year time limit.  Do I have a case?	Consumer Questions	Arizona
Can my will or trust be changed for my home care? Can my will or trust be changed for my home care?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Can a body shop sell my vehicle if it has been more than 2 months in there? can a body shop sell my vehicle if it has been more than 2 months in there?	Consumer Questions	California
Do I get a break in an 8 hour day? Do I get a break in an 8 hour day?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can my landlord try and evict me if I choose to pay my rent late and imposes a late fee of $75? Can my landlord try and evict me if I choose to pay my rent late and imposes a late fee of $75?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
My employer says they only have to reimburse me 36 cents per mile for driving on company business but they say that they will pay based on the AAA mileage report or applicable state and local laws. The AAA report stated that based on my mileage&amp;vehicle I get 73.9 cents, which is correct? None	Employment Questions	Minnesota
How much time is needed before a shift change is ordered? How much time is needed before a shift change is ordered?	Employment Questions	Michigan
I have recently been told by my employer that I have to get pharmacy certification. I was told if I did not I would loose my job even though it is not required by law and was never an issue. I have worked for this company now for 4.5 years. Can it legally fire?	Employment Questions	New Hampshire
What should we do if we received messages threatening to sue us unless we returned my late grandmother&#39;s book? My grandmother gave me a book detailing her life that my grandfather put together; sort of a scrapbook. My wife posted scans she made of it on facebook allowing only family to look at it. She took it down after 20 minutes upon learning it upset some of my aunts who considered it very private. Later we recieved several messages threatening to sue us unless we returned the book. My grandmother has been deceased for about 10 years. I have no written proof of my grandmother giving it to me other than the word of my wife and myself. I live in Pennsylvania. What should I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Delaware
Can the bank come after me when I was a cosigner and they went bankrupt? I was a cosigner on a loan that was included in a bankruptcy 13 years ago. The bank is now trying to come after me. Can they do this?  They tried to get me to fill out some type of questioner at the courthouse. I never went and now they are threatening to get a warrant to have me brought in to fill it out. This is also in NY state.	Consumer Questions	New York
Under the labor laws, is it legal to do a 6-hour unpaid orientation? I will be working as a mid-level healthcare provider per Diem at a hospital in Massachusetts. The hospital mandates a 6-hour orientation, & I've just learned this is unpaid. Under the labor laws is this legal?	Employment Questions	Texas
How do I go about getting paid on split commissions from past employer? how do I go about getting paid on split commissions from past employer?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is it legal to give both ten minute breaks and half hour breaks all within an hour and a half period? Is it legal to give both ten minute breaks and half hour breaks all within an hour and a half period? Aprox. 25 minutes apart?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Is it possible for a company to require salaried employees in Illinois to work a minimum of 50 hours per week? Is it possible for a company to require salaried employees in Illinois to work a minimum of 50 hours per week?	Employment Questions	Indiana
What is the law for salaried employees in Georgia? What is the law for salaried employees in Georgia?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is it legal for employer to obtain medical record of employee? Is it legal for employer to obtain medical record of employee?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can an employee get any help in immigration status? If there's an employee working for a company for more than 6 years, can they get any help on not being let go because of their immigration status?	Employment Questions	California
What recourse do I have even though I can perform the job I was hired for and have for two years without this wrist issue? I've been put on a job I wasn't hired to do and as a result I'm suffering wrist pain and now need a doctor's release without restrictions. What recourse do I have even though I can perform the job I was hired for and have for two years without this wrist issue?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What can I do if a bank was at fault but hasn&#39;t done anything to fix the loan problem? I bought a house in September 2010 and my mortgage company charged me roughly $1200 for what was said to be reserved escrow. They later sold my loan to Wells Fargo that same month. Wells Fargo wrote me stating that I owe an additional $1080 since my escrow does not have at least 2 months reserve. They informed me that my original loan company provided them with $300 for escrow. When I contacted the original loan company  they stated that they see the mistake and that it was "Wells Fargo's fault for not taking the correct amount". Wells Fargo says there is nothing they can do about it and the original loan company has done nothing. Any assistance would be greatly appreciated. Also if I were to sue is there a limit on the amount to sue for?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Can an 11-year-old be charged with lewd and lascivious behavior with a minor that is 10 years old? Can an 11-year-old be charged with lewd and lascivious behavior with a minor that is 10 years old?	Criminal Questions	Idaho
What are my rights when bank refuses back payments on commercial loan? What are my rights where a bank refused my back payments on a commercial loan and than foreclosed on the property?  I had paid on this loan for over five years.	Commercial Questions	Oregon
How to change plea after pleading no contest to misdemeanor domestic assault? I live in Texas and recently got charged with a misdemeanor domestic assult and pleaded no contest.  Is there any way to change my plea to not guilty?  How can I get this expunged or do a non-disclosure?	Criminal Questions	Texas
If I need a general power of attorney for real estate, can I download a free one online or is there a special form in California I must use? If I need a general power of attorney for real estate, can I download a free one online or is there a special form in California I must use?	Real Estate Questions	25
What is the definition of Slander and what rights do I have when it&#39;s a continuous motion? What is the definition of Slander and what rights do I have when it's a continuous motion?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Does the court take into consideration the debt of owning on a home when determining to pay alimony? Does the court take into consideration the debt of owning and being upside down on a home when determining someone to pay alimony?	Family Questions	Michigan
Should I be worried about loopholes with a leasing contract? I want to buy a house but the owner will only deal with a friend of mine who has bought from her in the past. My neighbor suggested he sign the contract with the owner based on the agreed terms and then he and I enter a contract stating that as long as I make payments to him that he will give to her for the house it will be mine when its paid off instead of his. Is it possible to do this and how does it work? Should I be worried about loopholes?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Is it legal in the state of Florida for a man to take a child for DNA testing without mother&#39;s consent? Is it legal in the state of Florida for a man to take a child for DNA testing without mother's consent?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I avoid paying? I need to talk to a lawyer for studies.I have a problem with the Jones International University. I do not speak English fluently, but I helped with the Google translator. It's a long story to tell, but in summary JIU wants me to pay about three thousand dollars for two subjects as I indicated before that they were free.As I can do to avoid paying?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Should I pay a court cost if I was wrongfully terminated and pushing it to the District Court? If you were wrongfully terminated, and unemployment constantly denies your benefits, and now they are pushing it to the District Court, do I have to pay a court cost or should I get lawyer to appeal?	Employment Questions	Nevada
If a judgement for a credit card debt is entered against me can my SS and pension checks be garnished? if a judgement for a credit card debt is entered against me can my social security and pension checks be garnished?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Purchased vehicle from in-laws but never given bill of sale. I puchased a vehicle from my future father in law.  His son and I got married. I asked for months for the pink slip, title,bill of sale. They never gave it to me. Their son and I separated and divorced and they refuse to give me my truck back or the bill of sale, pink slip, etc. Any recourse?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can the parents of a 17 year old legally charge their child with theft if she removes anything from the house when she turns 18? A 17 year old in an emotionally abusive household wants to move out when reaching 18. She was told that she owns nothing, including her clothes, and will be charged with theft by parent if she removes anything from the house, including her clothing, personal possessions, gifts from friends, etc. Is the parent legally able to do this? Does the girl actually have legal ownership of anything?  She lives in Ohio. I am contacting on her behalf, as her mother checks her internet history regularly.	Family Questions	Ohio
May counsel approach the bench in Family Court to discuss technical issue? I am currently representing myself in a Family Court case in NY and would like to know if counsel is able to approach the bench in Family Court to discuss technical issues?	Family Questions	New York
Is it illegal for my landlord to show up and lock me out? my landlord came on announced to my apartment and told me after 2 years of renting that I owed her for the use of the garage.  the has never been an additional fee and I have openly been using the garage for two years with her permission.  She told me if I didn't move my car out she would have it towed out.  I was leaving for an appointment and when I returned there is a pad lock on the garage.  Not only can I not house my car, I can not get to the items that I have stored.  I told her at the time extra money was never discussed.  If there is an issue then send me the paper work.  Is it illegal for her to show up and lock me out?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Are old or new owners responsible for home sewer system failing after successful test? We sold a house in West Virginia and had the preliminary sewer test.  It came back fine, we closed on the house and 30 days after the new owners were told the system is failing.  Who is responsible?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Ohio
Can tech school be sued if class combines adults and minors? Can a tech school be sued if they combine students who are under the age of 18 with adults in a class room?	Education Questions	Florida
Can I use witnesses to testify if company has signed correctives? Although the company has signed correctives, what if I have witnesses to testify that I wasn't excessively tardy?The company says you have to sign even if you don't agree or can't recall the time/date you were tardy?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
Do ex-boyfriend&#39;s items belong to me if I pay for storage unit? I've been splitting costs for a storage unit with my ex for ten months now. The last three months, I have paid on my own. I have told him on several times the amount owed to me, & has not paid his part. The fee for the next three months is now due and I will pay again.  Do the items belong to me?	Leasing Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
Is landlord or insurance company responsible for not repairing building? Someone drove in to my shop and caused a serious damage to the structure of the building. County condemned building unsafe so the shop is closed. Its been over 80days and the landlord has not even started repairs blaming insurance company. Can I hold the landlord responsible?	Leasing Questions	Maryland
How can uncle put late grandmother&#39;s home in his name? My Grandmother passed 7 years, and my uncle has paid off balance of home and tax on property. However, my grandmother had 5 children (3 deceased) and two living. How can my uncle put the home in his name?	Family Questions	Maryland
How long can you wait to record a quit claim deed? How long can you wait to record aquit claim deedin Virginia?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Can a mother and her 3-year-old son share a room and bed? Can a mother and her 3-year-old son share a room and bed?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can I deny visitation for the father until the court tells me to let him see them? I have full custody of my kids but now the father came back and wants to see them. Can I deny visitation until the court tells me to let him see them?	Family Questions	New York
What do I do if my husband filed for a divorce in which I had no knowledge of? My husband filed for a divorce in Crossville, TN in which i didn't know. I was under medical reason and he never notified me that he filed. I lost all my rights as I was in another state with family. They were taking care of me at that time. He had chains to our gate to house and I couldn't get in. He stated we are divorce in Cumberland County in Crossville.	Family Questions	Tennessee
What are valid reasons to request full legal custody in court? What are valid reasons to request full legal custody in court? I have full residential custody. My daughter is 3.5 y/o. Her father left when she was 2.5 months & moved to Va. We currently have joint legal custody, but I need to start getting her ready for school & I believe he is too far & uncooperative to make legal decisions from so far. I asked if he could siply sign for a passport for her (I would pay for it) for identification reasons and so that I could take her on a family cruise. He said NO because there isn't anything in the paper work he needs to sign that specifys I hae to bring her back to the U.S.A. if we leave. He only sees her 3-4x a yr & I am flexible toward his arrangements for the most part.	Family Questions	New Jersey
What can I do to keep my mother from interfering with my family? What kind of legal action can I take to keep my mother from stepping in and interfering with my family? I have spoken to her and I have seen no change in behavior.	Family Questions	Colorado
What are my rights to stay at the home I lived with my ex if he threatens to throw me out? I was once married to my ex husband and we have been living together since 2004. However I do help out by paying the bills, but when he gets mad he wants to throw me out or lock me out. What are my rights to stay here?	Family Questions	California
May I legally move out of my parents&#39; home if I am only 17 and I have graduated high school? I'm 17 living in Cambridge, Maryland and have graduated high school. May I legally move out of my parents' home?	Family Questions	Maryland
Are real estate brokers mandated to verify town records before posting a MLS? are CT real estate brokers mandated to verify town records before posting a MLS on a residence?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Could I sue for back child support that was never received upon graduation? Was wondering if I could sue for back child support that was never received from 97-03 when I graduated? It was ordered through the military divorce court and my mother has passed away since then but had a lawyer. If so what steps would I need to take?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Is it legal for a non custodial parent to take my children out of state for a weekend? Is it legal for a non custodial parent to take my children out of state for a weekend?	Family Questions	Alabama
What can I do if the dealer took my down payment and charged me for it as a &quot;Warranty&quot;? Last year I purchased a brand new 2012 Kia Soul. I honestly believed the dealer had my best interest in mind. It was my first major purchase and I had no credit so I was naive to think they were sincerely trying to help me. After reviewing the paperwork and thinking about the written in charge $2,000.00 for a "Warranty", I took a step back and realized that they had charged me for a warranty that was clearly stated as included on the sticker price. Kia has the 10 year, 100,000 mile warranty. What they did was take my down payment and charge me for it as a "Warranty". What can I do?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
How do I become the executor of my father&#39;s estate? How do I become the executor of my father's estate? he died November 5th 2009 & my sister said she would do it, then did not. Is it too late?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Idaho
If I get divorced will I still be entitled to half or no because he inherited it? My husband inherited some money from his dad in 2008 that is in a trust fund. It was left to my husband, but then my husband added my name on it. We are having marital issues & if I get divorced will I still be entitled to half or no because he inherited it?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Oklahoma
Does the owner have to paint the inside before I move in? I am looking at a house to rent.  Does the owner have to paint the inside before I move in?	Real Estate Questions	California
What should I do next if I&#39;ve been served with a judicial foreclosure summons? I have been served with a judicial foreclosure summons. What should I do next when I just received papers from mortgage company stating they needed additional info to try to work out something to help me keep my home? Do I need to start packing or is there a chance I can still save my home?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Procedure for recovering from estate of decedent in breach of contract. What is the procedure when recovering from an estate of a decedent in a breach of contract in New York?	Contract Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Legal for the repo company to charge me $45 in order for me to get my personal belongs out of the car? My car gets repo in front of my house, and i didn't received any letter or phone call regarding to the repo. The repo people came get the car without knock on my door to let me know what is going on. Is it legal for the repo company charge me $45 dollars in order for me to get my personal belongs out of the car?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Can a parent take a child out of state to live in without the consent of the other parent? Can a parent take a child out of state to live in without the consent of the other parent?	Family Questions	Idaho
Question regarding lawyer and client confidentiality? Lawyer and client confidentiality?I told my lawyer I didn't want to deal with a girl, that was involved in my case. Because I was afraid for my life. The next day this girl called me and ask me " why was I afraid for my life from her".What steps can I take to find out how she heard this. Is this legal? What do you recommend?	Criminal Questions	West Virginia
Question regarding an exempt employee for a multi-family community? I am an exempt employee for a multi-family community.  As I understand the laws because I am exempt I am not qualified for overtime compensation.  But where does this stop; sometimes I work 60, 70 & even 80 hours a week.My next question is time off work.  I do not fully understand deductions;Example:  worked say 4 hours had to leave due to illness, was required to use sick time for the remainder 4 hours, is this a deduction?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Can I rescind the contract if I gave all rights of my daughter&#39;s pictures? My daughter was having pageant pic. taken and the photographer pressured me into signing a give up all your rights to the pics agreement which I reluctantly did on his Ipod? Can I rescind this contract?  How long would I have to do this?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
How do I file Harassment charges against my manager? How do I file harassment charges against my manager?	Employment Questions	Michigan
How do I collect what was left to me in a will? A part of an estate was left to me. How do I collect what was left to me in a will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Would the judgement amount be deducted if I&#39;m cashing out a retirement account? I have a judgment against me and I'm cashing out a retirement account. Would the judgment amount automatically be deducted?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is it legal for an employer to hold breaks from individuals? In Colorado: Is it legal for an employer to estimate time when there is a time clock?Is it legal for an employer to hold breaks from individuals?	Employment Questions	Colorado
What to do if my landlord is refusing to give myself and several other tenants a copy of our lease? My landlord is refusing to give myself and several other tenants a copy of our lease. Without copy of lease we can not get a key to mailbox from post office . We have been here for 45 days.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I sue the county for ex police officer showing pictures of my daughter in an inappropriate situation? Can I sue the county for ex police officer showing pictures of my daughter and her friends dead after a car crash to friend?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Does someone on SSD or SSI pay child support? Does someone on SSD or SSI pay child support?	Family Questions	Florida
Is there a California law that I can&#39;t break  hundred dollars after 8 o&#39;clock at gas stations? Is there a California law that I can't break  hundred dollars after 8 o'clock at gas stations?	Employment Questions	California
Is it okay to be forced to work on the fourth of July with no overtime? Is it okay to be forced to work on the fourth of July with no over time? I was made to work on labor-day with no overtime during a tropical storm and this just isn't fair. What can I do or say to my boss? Is he taking advantage?	Employment Questions	Florida
How to correct getting no service as a tenant? I have been living in my apartment for 2 years and everytime there is a problem they never do anything about fixing it. I feel like I'm paying my rent but don't get service at all. What can I do to correct this problem?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Am I going to be charged with anything if I shot pigs in self defense in my private property? In Virginia pigs came on to my private property and attacked my dog and came towards me in a manner that I thought they were going to attack me. I shot them in self defense.  Am I going to be charged with anything?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
What is the highest percentage a lawyer in Alabama can charge in a personal injury case? What is the highest percentage a lawyer in Alabama can charge in a personal injury case?	Personal Injury Questions	Alabama
If an employee costs their employer significant fees,  can the employer accept these payments? If an employee, due to their own negligence, costs their employer significant fees in correcting the mistake, if that employee volunteers to reimburse the company out of their paychecks can the employer accept these payments? Thank you.	Employment Questions	California
How to get someone to do parental test? How do I get someone to do a parental test when they are avoiding me? Does it cost a lot and is there way to do it outside the court?	Family Questions	California
What to do if a couple is being difficult with their lease? I had a woman and man sign a lease on June 9th and gave a $600 deposit to hold it until July for them.  They started moving their personal belongings in right away but were told that they could not stay over night until they paid their rent.  A few days ago she called and told me that he was being transferred to a Sonic Hamburgers in Starke, FL.  We live in Tallahassee.  I told her to read her lease as they do not get a deposit back.  He is giving us a hard time saying the lease is null and void since his work is transferring him and that they did not move in yet.  But the lease states that "Deposit: the tenant deposited as security for damage and for the fulfillment of the terms of this rental agreement."	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Loan in my husband&#39;s name only and how can I be responsible for it? I live in Fresno county CA may husband passed away in Jan 2012. We own a house which I have the loan modified. However, my husband took out a home equity loan and because it was in his name only. They could not include it in the modification and even the loan people can't tell me if I'm responsible for it	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I do anything if I ate a box of chocolates and there were maggots inside? I bought a box of chocolates called gobbers and eat half of the box. Inside it had maggots. Can I do something about that?	Consumer Questions	New York
What to do if my friend is going through divorce &amp; he keeps changing his mind and will not sign the papers? My friend is going through divorce and he keeps changing his mind and will not sign the papers.	Family Questions	Utah
How can a 15-year-old live with non-custodial parent? How can a 15-year-old live with non-custodial parent?	Family Questions	Alabama
When do I have to officially have to move out? Hi! My name is Trisha. I've been renting a house for the past three years. My contact expires on March 13, 2012 which we intend to move out, my question is: When do I have to move out? Do I pay for the month of March? Do I have to be moved out by March? How does that work??	Real Estate Questions	New Mexico
Can you get unemployment benefits after 5 years of unemployment? Can you get unemployment benefits after 5 years of unemployment?	Employment Questions	California
Is there a statue of limitation on writing a bad check? Is there a statue of limitation on writing a bad check?	Consumer Questions	Alabama
How many breaks do you get if you work 8 hours  and 1 hour lunch? How many breaks do you get if you work 8 hours and 1 hour lunch?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What to do if I filed for an appeal on my unemployment case? What to do if I filed for an appeal on my unemployment case?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Does the law require that hourly employees get breaks? We work from 8:00 to 5:00 with an hour lunch.  Does the law require that hourly employees get breaks?  If so for how long?  My boss says because we get an hour lunch he isn't required to give us breaks.	Employment Questions	Colorado
Is a lease valid without all signatures? If an apartment lease is drawn up in two names and one does not sign the lease, is it then void?	Leasing Questions	Illinois
Invasion of privacy if my employer is stating that I am required to disclose all of my medical conditions? My employer is stating I am required to disclose all of my medical conditions.  Isn't this an invasion of privacy? Note: I've worked in this position for 14 years.  I have only taken 2 days sick leave in the past 4 months.  They are also stating that I must complete paperwork for FMLA.  I have not requested nor do I intend to take extended leave in the future.	Employment Questions	Florida
Possible for spouse to have petitioning spouse be removed from jointly deeded marital home? According to Texas state laws is it possible for one spouse (say respondent) to have petitioning spouse be removed from jointly deeded marital home prior to separation agreement?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
legal for a car repair shop to make you write 8 months of post dated checks before giving you your car? Is it legal for a car repair shop to make you write him 8 months of post dated checks before giving you your car?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
If I work a 6-hour day,  am I required to take a &quot;lunch break&quot;? If I work a 6-hour day,  am I required to take a "lunch break"?   My employer wants me to come in a 9:30AM and work until 4 PM - taking a half hour "lunch break".   I want to work from 10AM to 4 PM with no lunch.	Employment Questions	California
If I am transferred to a bigger store with more responsibility am I required to receive a raise? I am a manager at Dunkin Donuts. If I am transferred to a bigger store with more responsibility am I required to receive a raise?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
How hard is it to get renter out if already hasn&#39;t paid for 4 months? How hard is it to get renter out if already hasn't paid for 4 months?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
What can I do if an eviction is showing up on my record from an address I wasn&#39;t evicted from but received my deposit back upon moving out? What can I do if an eviction is showing up on my record from an address I wasn't evicted from but received my deposit back upon moving out?	Real Estate Questions	California
How many hours a week does salary count in state of NH? How many hours a week does salary count in state of NH?	Employment Questions	New Hampshire
Can your employer require you to take an hour and a half unpaid lunch? Can your employer require you to take an hour and a half unpaid lunch?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Punishment for a parent who does not exercise their visitation rights to their child for 9 months? Is there any punishment for a parent who does not exercise their visitation rights to their child for 9 months? My ex has seen my daughter one time for an 8hridiot period since November of 2011. He calls randomly & says he is ready to start getting her again, but has never followed through with these requests. He recently called me demanding I let our daughter stay all night with him this coming weekend. I will not because if he is planning on becoming a regular part of her life again I want to ease back into the routine. Before he stopped getting her, she cried every time she had to go with him. At this point, I want him to be active in her life or just completely gone. What should my next step be in this situation?	Family Questions	Indiana
After leaving another job for this company, how can they try and deny unemployment? I was recently told my position was eliminated. Part of my severance package, which includes five days of pay (I was there only 4 1/2 months), also includes a release statement basically giving up my rights for anything "including any form of recover or compensation from any claim brought by him/her or on his/her behalf in connection with his/her employment or termination of employment with Company," and a bunch of other stuff I can't understand. Does this mean I can not file for unemployment insurance, which they've already raised a question about (regarding misconduct, of which there was none)? I don't understand this - after leaving another job for this company, and being there only 4 1/2 months, how can they try and deny unemployment?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can minors purchase O&#39;douls in Massachusetts? Can minors purchase O'douls in Massachusetts? Also can it be served in an establishment with a license to sell but not serve?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
Does it violate my civil rights if my supervisor demanded I empty my pockets? So my supervisor, at a private security company, demanded I emptied my pockets. I feel this violates my civil rights. I work in the State of Florida and was wondering if I can press legal action against him.	Employment Questions	Florida
Is it legal and can my fiance be fired? I used to work the same place as my fiance and our relationship was not allowed.  I have since left to work for another employer.  It has been 5 months and my fiance is worried if they become aware we are a couple now he would be fired.  Is that legal?  Can he be fired?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Question regarding my sister in a group home after being hospitalized for her mental health? My sister was in a group home, after being hospitalized for her mental health.  Her husband at the time took her out the the group home (under care of psychologist, nurses, etc) to sign divorce papers.  Is this legal?	Family Questions	New York
What are the employer&#39;s defenses in preventing an employee from being rehired? An employee leaves work because of an incident that could not be clearly determined if there was even an incident. The employee took the case to the Comp Board, which determined the incident was comprehensible. She now wants to come back to work. The employer does not want this employee back. Does the employer have to offer a position? What are the employer's defenses in preventing this employee from being rehired?	Employment Questions	New York
Question regarding my boyfriend leaving me his house in his will? My boyfriend (live in for 10 years) left me his house in his will. (everything went to me 100%) He has no living relatives. He left a will and somehow the last page was lost where the witnesses sign. It is no where to be found. I have paid the house off and put $40 into it. Where do I stand?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Arizona laws regarding ceiling leaks repairs and mold in apartment. I need to know if there are any laws in Arizona about an apartment complex management being responsible for a ceiling leak repair and the development of mold.	Leasing Questions	Arizona
Do I not go to next scheduled hearing on 9/4/12 if I&#39;m Looking to file application for A.R.D? Looking to file application for A.R.D. Do I not go to next scheduled hearing on 9/4/12?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What can be done if the vehicle was running fine until this recall? My mom is disable and lives on a fixed income. She took her 1997 Ford Windstar in because she received a recall letter. She took it in and got it back with problems and now the vehicle is parked. She has no transportation and it is hard getting her to her appointments and Ford hasn't responded back. What can be done if the vehicle was running fine until this recall?	Employment Questions	California
If a broker loses an exclusive and a lease renews that he put in, is he still owed a commission? If a broker loses an exclusive and a lease renews that he put in is he still owed a commission even if he doesn't have exclusive?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How do we go about getting the legal help we need on affordable help for my son to be a good dad? We live in Ga and my son WANTS to be a good daddy. The mother of his child and him are not married, nor have they went to court for child support. He gives her child support of 75.00 a week, but it's cash. She wants him to have his child only 2 days a week: Mon & Thurs 4 hours each time. He wants every other weekend and 1 day out of the week. They have filed a paper of paternity and all but can't agree on visits. How do we go about getting the legal help we need on affordable help?	Family Questions	Iowa
Law to protect these employees if the employer is cutting wages by eliminating Saturday work? My employer is cutting wages by eliminating Saturday work for employees. However, this negatively affects employees, considering their pay structure requires Saturday for the bonus to apply, some are experiencing up to 45% decrease in their wages, with work reduced by one day (12% of weekly work), with a notice at the beginning of the week to take affect. Mind you, these employees work on a piece work type pay program, eliminating this day with no warning, and not caring on their valuable staff, is there a law to protect these employees. Some have worked for the company for over ten years.	Employment Questions	Alabama
What are our options if my husband and I are getting a divorce but can&#39;t afford to live on our own? My husband I are getting a divorce. Our lease has both our names on it. He is the main person on the lease and I'm just a secondary. Both of us can't afford to live in the house on our own. What are our options?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Would I have to be divorced if I wanted to get a common-law marriage or domestic partnership? Would I have to be divorced if I wanted to get a common-law marriage or domestic partnership?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Question regarding filing a civil suit against my former payee for my ssi benefits because she stole money? I recently filed a civil suit against my former payee for my ssi benefits because she stole $2600 from my account. The only way to prove it is to get the bank statement from the time she stole it. I can't get it because I wasn't the account holder, what can I do	Criminal Questions	District of Columbia
Can an organization work you 11-hour days without a break while standing on your feet? Can an organization work you 11 hour days without a break while standing on your feet? They own the business but make salary manager's work. We don't get a real break at all. IF not busy we can go and grab something to eat and hurry and get back up on the floor.	Employment Questions	Florida
What type of grace period do employees receive regarding starting time? What type of grace period do employee receives regarding starting time? Is it 5 or 10 min?	Employment Questions	Illinois
can I report the dad for child abuse if the child is in a hot room and won&#39;t hum play outside? If a child is being in a Hot room in 90 or 100 temp and the dad won't let him go out to play or out of the room, can I report it as child abuse?	Family Questions	Colorado
Question regarding hiring a roofing contractor 2 years ago and the job has not been done? We hired a roofing contractor 2 years ago and the job has not been done.Every week they're saying it will be done next week or so.The contract expires tomorrow. Today, they asked us to wait another 2 weeks because of the financial issues the company is experiencing. What should we do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
How long can a company wait to get a judgement against you for payment of an account? How long can a company wait to get a judgement against you for payment of an account?	Consumer Questions	Arkansas
Can I give the money back if I want to list the house for more? I am selling my house and verbally agreed to $1,000 down. They did give me $600 down and will give the $400 in a few days. I found out my house is worth more than I thought from a friend who is a realtor. Can I give the $600 back if I want to list the house for more?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Question about divorce in Illinois? I live in Illinois and want a divorce from my husband after 2 years of marriage. My husband also lives in Peoria. We have both agreed that marriage is not working. He has agreed to sign entry of appearance/ waiver. We are both 45 and have no children, shared assets, property, or bank accounts. I want to obtain a quick divorce in another city (same state) 35 min away from Peoria due to Professional/ job related (privacy) reasons. Is this possible?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Is there comp time in a state-run facility in Illinois and where? Is there comp time in a state-run facility in Illinois and where?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Legal to obtain kelly time if I retire since my work doesn&#39;t pay overtime? I am leaving my place of employment. When it is time for me to receive my vacation, holiday, and kelly time pay, I was told I would not be receiving my Kelly time which is 280 hours. See my place of employment does not pay overtime. I work 84 hours every two weeks and the four hours is placed in Kelly time. I was told the only way was I can receive this time is if I retired? Is this not against the law? I mean I worked for these hours for a period of 4 1/2 years.	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Do I have to go back to MI to handle the divorce or can I do it in Atlanta? I was living in Ann Arbor, MI. I moved to Atlanta, GA and I was trying to get a divorce. Do I have to go back to MI to handle this or can I do it in Atlanta? I'm not rich and we have no children together. How can I handle this with as less cost as possible?	Family Questions	Georgia
If I get married, can my amount paid change for child support? I am the non custodial parent, in the state of Georgia and has been paying child support on time for 10 years. If I get married, can my amount paid change based on the combined household income of my new spouse and I?	Family Questions	Georgia
What are my rights as a tenant when a landlord fails to pay the building utilities? My landlord received a shutoff notice for nonpayment of the building water/sewer bill.  What are my rights as a tenant?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What are the personal identity requirements for CA worker&#39;s compensation? What are the personal identity requirements for CA worker's compensation?	Employment Questions	California
What rights do grandparents, aunts and uncles have to remove children from siblings home for abuse? What rights do grandparents and aunts and uncles have to remove children from siblings home for abuse?  Is there an age when the children can ask to live elsewhere?  This is in the state of Georgia.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Transfer ownership to children versus waiting for the annuity to mature? Mom has a 5 yr fixed annuity that matures Sept, 2012. She wants to transfer ownership to her 2 children. What are the tax consequences of doing this versus waiting for the annuity to mature?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Husband force me to leave if his name appears on deed, but home was purchased during the marriage? My husband name only appears on the house deed, but the home was purchased during the marriage. Can he force me to leave?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can a landlord tell a tenant who he/she can/can not  have on the rented property to visit?	Leasing Questions	North Carolina
Do I have a case if my homeowner&#39;s association refuses to help me when my house was vandalized? Do I have a case against my homeowners association as my home was vandalized. I went to them for help and they said they could not help me and in the covenant they said they were there to protect me. Do I have a case against them?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
DWF cannot pay wife due to mistake under policies. My wife signed a contract with Dept. of Work Force Services to do a paid internship at a dental office. DWF agreed to pay her 10.00 hr for a total of 52 hrs. She worked 25.52 hrs being owed $255.80. They cannot pay her because they made a mistake under their policies. What should she do?	Contract Questions,Employment Questions	Utah
Is a landlord allowed to just provide a tenant within 30 days of moving out, a deductions from the deposit? I was wondering if a landlord is allowed to just provide a tenant,within 30 days of moving out,a handwritten estimate of the repair total that is being deducted from the security deposit? I would prefer being able to see copies of the actual work receipts---that way, I know the work was actually done,rather than the landlord being able to falsely claim that work was done,when it may not have been,but I wasn't sure if that it something that I can legally expect.	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
In a Prison can you use your supervisory position to see an Inmate your romantically involved in? In a Prison can you use your supervisory position to see an Inmate your romantically involved in?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I enforce the terms of my divorce settlement? How do I enforce the terms of my divorce settlement?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Possible if I am buying a house and want out of my lease at my apartment without being sued? i am buying a house and want out of my lease at my apartment without being sued. Is this possible?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
What are my options if the gym is not complying with my canceled membership if my trainer is fired? My local gym fired the personal trainer I hired.  I just paid $300 extra for 10 training sessions and did not complete 9 of them.  I requested to cancel my membership by buying out my year contract for the $300 remaining in monthly dues.  I requested the unused personal training be deducted from this amount and the gym is not complying.  What are my options?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a company right you up for going to the doctor&#39;s office when you&#39;re pregnant? Can a company right you up for going to the doctor's office? I'm 5 months pregnant and they're really pushing me to quit and I've been with them for 4 yrs.	Employment Questions	North Carolina
If the buyer signs my name on the title, how do I go about filing forgery charges on them? I am a cobuyer on an auto loan and the other buyer is trying to sell the vehicle without my consent. If they sign my name on the title, how do I go about filing forgery charges on them?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Can Ohio still put a lien on my husband&#39;s IRA account when it seems like double dipping? My husband just received notice that a lien is being put on his IRA account for back child support ($3,500) by the state of Ohio.  The child is now 20 and in college.  The back child support stemmed from a few months of unemployment in 2009 but he continued to pay once he found a job. To this day child support is being taken out of his check.  Can Ohio still put a lien on his IRA account?  It seems like they are double dipping.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Do I have to pay a Capital Gains Tax if it is my first house I&#39;m selling? This is my first house I am selling. Do I have to pay a Capital Gains Tax?	Real Estate Questions	New Hampshire
What to do if the landlord found out that my apartment is for 8 and now raised the rent? I've been living in this apartment for the past 12 years and paying with my own check for 8 but my cousin name is on the lease. The landlord finds out and want to raise the rent 29.6 percent. I can not afford that. What should I do?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How can my son insure he will have visitations with his daughter? My son has a 14-month-old child. He and his girlfriend recently split. How can he insure he will have visitations with his daughter? They live in the state of Nev.	Family Questions	Nevada
What are the steps I should take to get some misdemeanors expunged? What are the steps I should take to get some misdemeanors expunged?	Employment Questions	Mississippi
How will I know that my name is off a mortgage after signing quitclaim deed as a result of divorce? I went through a divorce in September of 2011. My ex got the house and was told he had to get my name off the mortgage and refinance. There wasn't a "time limit" in the divorce papers. I signed the quit claim deed, but how will I know when my name is off the mortgage so I can start looking for a house? Will I get a paper to sign or will I be notified when my name is off the mortgage. How much longer should I give him to do this?He still owes $103,000.00 on the mortgage and the house is only worth aprox 70-75 thousand. So I know why he is dragging his feet but I want my name off the Mortgage soon.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How do I get wages from a boss who has filed bankruptcy? How do I get wages from a boss who has filed bankruptcy?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can an employer time an employee on going to the restroom, and harass their employees? Can an employer time an employee on going to the restroom, and harass their employees?	Employment Questions	California
How do I get my medical records from a doctor now? How do I get my medical records from a doctor now?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I have Court tomorrow and I lost my paper saying that I served my community service? I have Court tomorrow and I lost my paper saying that I served my community service. What do I do?	Criminal Questions	New York
Must a car dealership honor an ad selling a new car for $1000? A car dealership's website is showing a new car is selling for under $1000. Would I be able to have them sell it to me for that amount?	Consumer Questions	California
What can I do if my employer hasn&#39;t given me my last check? I was terminated from my job 6/2.   My employer told me he was mailing my final paycheck on 6/4.  I have yet to receive and each time I call (everyday), I am told it is in the mail.   What can I do?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
How do I change court date for child support adjustment in Santa Clara Superior court? How do I change court date for child support adjustment in Santa Clara Superior court?	Family Questions	California
How do we go about getting a court ordered DNA test to find out if my stepson really is him? My step-son was born 12 years ago and an affidavit of parentage was signed and support was ordered. He really doesn't think that the child is his. How do we go about getting a court ordered DNA test to find out?	Family Questions	Michigan
What do I do if I&#39;m the plaintiff and I mailed all that info to the defendant as required? I'm the plaintiff and the writ of garnishment has been served, I mailed all that info to the defendant as required now what do I need to do?  I live in Lee county Florida	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How can I obtain my security deposit back if the landlord is being difficult? I gave a security deposit for an apt in RI  2 months ago and she backed out. The landlord said you can only get it back if I rent that unit since then he did rent it but no refund yet. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
What can I do to retrieve an item I gave to a friend who is no longer alive, but I can show that I am the original owner? How can I get my item I left for a friend to use for a year. He is no longer alive and I have the receipt for the item, but the family still don't want to give it back to me.  What can I do to retrieve the item?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Requirements for my father to terminate his parental rights of he found out about another child? My husband has been found to be the father of a 13-year-old through DNA testing. Up until this point he had no idea. In the state of Missouri what are the requirements for him to terminate his parental rights? And if he is granted the request would he still be financially responsible for the child?	Family Questions	Illinois
Do I need an attorney to get a divorce if there are no disputes and no children? Do I need an attorney to get a divorce if there are no disputes and no children?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can the estate write off the note when my grandfather loaned money to the family business? 2 years ago my grandfather passed away.  Before he passed he loaned money to the family business.  When he died my grandmother inherited the note for the loan.  Now he has passed.  The estate now inherits the note. The note is for more than the business is worth.can the estate write off the note?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
Right to challenge the school during an investigation if rights were challenged in court before the it&#39;s over? Do I have the right to challenge the school during an administrative investigation if rights and procedures were challenged in court before the investigation is over?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can a credit card company put a lien on your home or car? Can a credit card company put a lien on your home or car?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Is there squatter&#39;s rights in CA? Is there squatter's rights in CA?	Real Estate Questions	Oklahoma
Is my brother legally entitled to half or a percentage of a check that has his name on it? My grandmother received a check from an electric company. The check has hers and my brothers name on it. Is he legally entitled to half or a percentage of it?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a company make you work longer than your scheduled 8 hour shift? I'm from South Dakota. Can a company make you work longer than your scheduled 8 hour shift?	Employment Questions	South Dakota
Does my son&#39;s father stand to inherit any of his dad&#39;s money &amp; can it be intercepted for back support? My son's biological grandfather died about a year ago. I was wondering if my son's father stands to inherit any money, can it be intercepted for back support.  He owes over 16 thousand.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Can my boss not give a detailed breakdown to see what I owe? I work in GA.  I am paid salary plus commission.  I never know if I am being paid in full due to the fact that my commissions are lumped together as one total.  My boss will not give me a detailed breakdown, so I can see what I am owed.  Can he do this?	Employment Questions	California
Legal if a landlord refuses to give the tenant his security deposit after discovering it&#39;s infested? if a tenant gives a landlord security deposit before moving into an apartment but later on finds out that the apartment is infested and no longer wants to move in that apartment and wants the deposit back but the landlord refuses to give it to the tenant back his/her security deposit. is that legal or illegal? and why?	Real Estate Questions	New York
I just need to know what options my child&#39;s father has as far as visitation if I already have sole custody and he didn&#39;t even show up to court? I just need to know what options my child's father has as far as visitation if I already have sole custody and he didn't even show up to court?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	District of Columbia
Work without pay? Can my employer make me work without pay?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How to find out about travel guidelines for work? How do I find out about the laws and guide lines for traveling out of town for work?	Employment Questions	California
Can I go to jail if I don&#39;t pay the rental within the 21-day time period? I went to court yesterday in a civil matter for continental rental over a TV and I have 21 days to pay off $3000 if I don't pay that within that amount of time. Can i go to jail for that? I'm on social security for income?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
If part of my upper deck falls to the ground, can I not pay your rent due to the owners not addressing it? If part of my upper deck falls to the ground and I have young children, can I not pay your rent due to the owners not addressing it in a timely manner?	Real Estate Questions	California
Am I obligated to pay child support if my daughter has a baby, &amp; is receiving benefits from the state at 17? Am I obligated to pay child support if my daughter is 17, has a baby, and is receiving benefits from the state?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Wondering what rights we have if the tenants decide to break their lease? I am living with several people and we all can't seem to get along. My fiancee is on the lease. But a friend who is also on the lease has threatened us several times and can't be trusted as far as we can throw him. We were wondering what rights we have if they decide to break their lease?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Where do I get info about foreclosure debt forgiveness that ends in 2012 that was mandated by Obama? Where do I get info about foreclosure debt forgiveness that ends in 2012 that was mandated by president Obama?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If I am on a mortgage, can I sell the property without the consent of the two people on the quick claim deed? If I am on a mortgage by myself and there is a quick claim deed naming myself and two others, can I sell the property without the consent of the two people on the quick claim deed?	Family Questions	Florida
Is my mother&#39;s will null and void if she signed our 2 family house to our sister? Our mother signed our two family house over to our sister. Does that make her will null and void?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
If I am a salaried employee &amp; I was sick with a doctor&#39;s note, can he only pay me hourly legally? If I am a salaried employee in a management position and I was sick for 3 days of the week with a doctor's note, can he only pay me hourly legally?	Employment Questions	Florida
How do I go about getting full custody of my daughter and changing her last name in the state of New York? How do I go about getting full custody of my daughter and changing her last name in the state of New York? Her biological father is currently is incarcerated and has no contact with her because I don't want to be in a relationship with him(his words not mine). She has my maiden name now that I married I want her to have my maiden name.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Family Law If I am married to someone who decides to buy a home in the state of MD or DE, but my name is not on the loan or deed, what are my rights? Do I have ownership to the home as well?"	Family Questions	New York
Should you have to pay child support when your ex also has a child and the incomes are the same? Should you have to pay child support when you and your ex each have a child and the incomes are about the same	Family Questions	North Carolina
True if the company I work for says that they only have to pay wages in 15 minute increments? True if the company I work for says that they only have to pay wages in 15 minute increments?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Legal to work on pay day but not get my paycheck until I&#39;m off? I work till 4:30 pay day but not allowed to get my check till 6 pm. Is that legal?	Employment Questions	Texas
Should you get paid travel time if you have a company truck? Should you get paid travel time if you have a company truck and leave from home everyday?	Employment Questions	California
is it the law that an employee has to take a lunch break? is it the law that an employee has to take a lunch break?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a company make you lose time? My employer says we have to "lose" time for every"click" we are over our scheduled time to leave.  Even if it is their fault, can a company make you lose time?	Employment Questions	Florida
If we have been separated a year but legally separated for 6 months is it possible to bring up the divorce or do I have to wait the full year from legal separated papers? My husband and I signed legal separation papers last September and I asked to reconcile marriage. He said no so I said let's just divorce then. He said we couldn't because in the contract we agreed a year after signing. Is that true? If we have been separated a year already but on papers only been legally separated for 6 months is it possible to up the divorce or do I have to wait the full year from legal separated papers?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can I get power of attorney back if my dad died and I signed it over to my half-sister? My dad died who has no will and I had power of attorney but i signed it over to my half-sister. Can I get power of attorney back	Family Questions	Georgia
Do I have to pay federal and Illinois income tax? I made $11696 in 2011. Do I have to pay federal and Illinois income tax?	Employment Questions	Illinois
In Louisiana, do the grandparents  have any visitation rights? My brother's son was granted full custody to his ex wife in a divorce action. In Louisiana, do the grandparents  have any visitation rights?	Family Questions	Mississippi
Can I get in trouble letting someone drive my car that does not have a drives license? Can I get in trouble letting someone drive my car that does not have a drives license  in the state of Florida?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Is it legal for a company to fire someone because they overpaid them and still make them work after? I was recently fired from my job because they overpaid me and they started taking it out of my check without giving me written documentation. They knew they were going to fire me but made me work another shift because they could not find anyone to cover it. Is any of this legal?	Employment Questions	Michigan
If My brothers have POA and healthcare over my mother, Will guardianship help me to challenge them? My brothers have power of attorney and healthcare over my mother. They put her in a nursing home and I, as her primary caregiver for 15years, want to challenge them and bring her home. Will guardianship help me to challenge them?	Family Questions	Rhode Island
Question about workers comp? I need to know the process of getting worker's comp. I got hurt at work and since I've had to go to the hospital and follow-up with my doctor. I haven't worked since the day I got hurt. Now I'm out again for 12 more days. Need to see Dr. after 12 days. What can I do to still get paid? On top of all that I have no insurance.	Employment Questions	Virginia
What is the statue of limitations on check deception and check fraud? What is the statue of limitations on check deception and check fraud in the state of Indiana?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Is there anything we could do to get our money back if we had an apartment on hold but didn&#39;t take it? The apartment that my sister and I were looking to move in was asking for some money so they can hold the apartment. My sister and I didn't take the apartment. We tried to get our money back but he said we couldn't. Is there anything we could do to get that money back?	Leasing Questions	Colorado
Ex-wife disagrees with judge regarding parenting order start date. My ex-wife has taken my daughter away from me on Dec. 23rd, which is the start of my weekend parenting time.  Because she doesn't agree with the judge's new parenting orders, under Rule 170, that the Christmas holiday starts Christmas eve at 5pm. What can I file with the court?	Family Questions	Kansas
Is it legal in the state of Indiana for employers to make their employees get a flu shot?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Will the DMV fine me for not having insurance though at that time I rented the vehicle I did? I rented a car, an unauthorized driver, backed into another when I wasn't present.  Both drivers are blaming each other.  Now the DMV is contacting me to fill out a SR1E, i.e. financial responsibility report, proof of insurance.  the rental company, though I purchased insurance through them, isn't covering damages saying I violated the contract by letting someone drive that wasn't on the contract.  Will the DMV fine me for not having insurance though at that time I rented the vehicle I did?  If the DMV fines me, how much will it be?	Personal Injury Questions	Alabama
Can an employer up a sick day by putting you on an extra day? Can your employer make you make up a sick day by putting you on an extra day making you work overtime?	Employment Questions	Florida
Does an employee have to right to their normal pay if they are subpoenaed and have to miss work to comply with the subpoena?	Employment Questions	California
What anti-drug laws includes assets forfeiture? What anti-drug laws includes assets forfeiture?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Can buying a used RV and putting it in our daughter&#39;s name be done in CA? We're buying a used RV and want to put it in our daughter's name. Can that be done on California? If we get pulled over, what do we need to show since the registration will be in our daughters name?	Consumer Questions	California
Should I submit documentation of my personal vehicle for the investigation for the case? My name is Anthony. I was suspended from my job for a miscommunication i had with a customer. On March 8th, I was asking the customer for a second opinion for my vehicle to get repaired. I did state to the customer that i have a vehicle warranty plan.The customer misunderstood me and thought I was asking for a mechanic to lie and commit fraud. The customer told my store manager. On March 14th, I was called into a conference room where i was question by a company security personal, store management, and a assistant manager. After giving my statement of the situation i was suspended until further notice. Today my store manager, asked for me to submit documentation of my personal vehicle for the investigation for the case. Should I give it?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Question regarding my son&#39;s father and I sharing him 50/50 each week? My son's father and I share him 50/50 each week. He picks him up Monday morning and drops him off Thursday afternoon. We live in different school districts. I enrolled him in pre-k in my school district and now his father wants him in his school district because of the traveling. I don't have a problem with that except we don't have any legal custody established. I was wondering if I let him go to school there would that give his father more rights and opportunity to get custody if he were to take me to court in the future.	Family Questions	New York
Does the Government give small business owners a few years tax free? I would like to start a small family owned restaurant. Does the Government give small business owners a few years tax free?	Commercial Questions	Florida
What do we have to do to evict someone from our property if they have no lease and pays no rent? My daughter lived in our house and her boyfriend lived with her. He was abusive to her so she left but he is still in the house.	Criminal Questions,Family Questions,Leasing Questions,Legal Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Kentucky
How to go about out of state court and laws on being denied of all my rights? My Children live in NC with my grandparents that have custody of them. I live in NY and have had no contact with them. I need help in how to go about out of state court and laws on being denied of all my rights?	Family Questions	New York
Can they take my elderly mother&#39;s mobile home and/or dodge van away if she goes broke? My 91 yr old mother recently fell and is in rehab in Sebring, FL.  There is some Question if she'll be able to come back home.  She gets $1000/mo and has no savings.  Can they take her mobile home and/or dodge van away if she goes broke?  She is on medicare and a PPO that still costs $50/day is rehab. After 14 days, She`ll soon owe more than she will get in SSI next mo and will have lot rent, elect, Insurance and other bills to pay as well	Real Estate Questions	California
Can an attorney charge you for out of state fees if they never had it stated in the contract? Can an attorney charge you for out of state fees if they never had it stated in the contract?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Is the tax correct after the item was sold in an auction? My sister and I are both co-beneficiaries of my dad's will. She is the executor. I had my dad's house appraised. The appraisal came back ay $126,000. In Nov. 2011 she put the house and contents up for auction. They were sold for $65000. My 1/2 after taxes was $25000. Is this legal? Can she accept an extremely low bid?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Do I have the right to ask my neighbor to move their pole off my property? I bought a property in August 2011.  Surveyed it in April 2012.  Discovered neighbors private electrical pole on my property.  Do I have the right to ask him to move it?  The property is located in northern New York.	Real Estate Questions	New York
How long do I have to pay maintenance if I&#39;ve been married for 32 years? I have been married for 32 years. How long do I have to pay maintenance?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
If a person writes a Living Will &amp; the home is sold, does the new home and holdings follow the living Will? If a person write aLiving Willabout a property (A home) and the home is sold, does the new home and holdings follow the living Will? Is it not longer valid?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How much time do I have to change my mind and receive a full refund? I Put a hold on a rental property. How much time do I have to change my mind and receive a full refund?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
On probation for federal offense, with included restitution. I am on probation for a criminal charge on a federal offense, they tacked on a restitution of $500,000.  They came up with this figure out of thin air, with no reason.  I have been on probation for a year and a half.  I am trying to buy a vehicle and they are giving me a problem. What should I do?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
If was hurt on my job by another company product, what should I do? If was hurt on my job by another company product, what should I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Once married, will my wife&#39;s bad score of bankruptcy affect mine or my father&#39;s score? I own a house that is co-signed with my father and have an 805 credit score. I am getting married next year to a woman currently going through bankruptcy. Once married, will her bad score affect my or my father's score if she is not added to our  mortgage?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Should we be getting overtime pay? Our employer changes our hours during the summer to four 10 hour days and then gives us Fridays off.  If we work over 8 hours on any one given day, Monday through Friday, should we be paid overtime for the addtional two hours that we work that day?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding consignments from Africa? Are there any consignments from Africa with diamonds and money sent to a military or ARMY base in Grand Rapids, Michigan to be distributed to an individual in the US?"	Criminal Questions	Michigan
If my grandmother is incapacitated, will the living will override the 1995 statutory short form POA? My grandmother has a Statutory Short Form Power of Attorney from 1995 assigning my mother as the attorney-in-fact and also has a living will from 2005 assigning someone else as the attorney-in-fact. If my grandmother is incapacitated or disabled (if written by a physician), will this override the 1995 statutory short form power of attorney?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Minnesota
Can an employee be terminated without being given the reason why? Can an employee be terminated without being given the reason why? No reprimands or warnings were ever issued and my evaluations were excellent.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is the homeowner liable for the balance due after a short sale? In the state of Florida, is the homeowner liable for the balance due after a short sale?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can an employer force an employer to leave work early due to lack of work available without compensation? Can an employer who change an employee work schedule from 8 to 12 hours/day force an employer to leave work early due to lack of work available without compensation?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Question working for an organization that uses PTO instead of the traditional vacation time? We work for an organization that uses PTO instead of the traditional vacation time. We are a service organization in the field of human services and therefore, have "billable" hours to attain monthly. They recently started denying people their PTO time because "a day off would cut into your billable hours." Is this legal? PTO is time the individual earned not anything they are just giving us. How is it that if your billables aren't up you can't take your vacation or vacation days at all.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Do cities have to offer services to all residents within the city at the same rate? Do cities have to offer services to all residents within the city at the same rate? Such as sewer. Or is it legal to charge one resident one rate for sewer and another resident a higher rate for the same service?	Consumer Questions	Utah
Can the doctors force me to take medications if I&#39;m an outpatient Helllo, I am in an outpatient in a mental health program. I am scared the doctors can force me to take medications. Can they?Thank you	Personal Injury Questions	Minnesota
Mail fraud if my landlord used an old lease document that I initialed &amp; sent it to me by mail to vacate? My landlord used an old lease document that I initialed and stapled to a new document and sent it to me via certified mail to vacate the premises. is this mail fraud?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Was the company that I am no longer employed with suppose to pay me some sort of overtime even if I was on salary? i worked for a major corp for 15 years in Massachusetts. I was paid a salary bi-weekly. I worked overtime consistently so much that you would find it hard to believe. Was the company that I am no longer employed with suppose to pay me some sort of overtime even if I was on salary?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If I filed a motion, can it be back dated from when the income amount changed? If I filed a motion to have the amount of child support I pay changed because my income has changed substantially, can it be back dated from when the income amount changed or is it only from the date that I file?	Family Questions	Utah
Against the law for a company to have no air-conditioning? Costco Wholesale has no air-conditioning in their west spfld, ma store.  it is VERY uncomfortable for all the employees.  It was 87 degrees at closing last night in the food court area.   is this against the law?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is there any way I could prove harassment or discrimination? I was written up at work for leaving one hour early after working from 8am to 4pm with no lunch or break. All employees at my office often do this, the justification for the write up was that i left 3 people only in the office, which when they leave they will leave me and one other person. I believe this is due to my age, i am not "friends" with everyone. They all treat me like an outsider and now the embarrassment of this write up. Since my write up this has happened again twice, with no one else getting in trouble. Is there any way I could prove harassment or discrimination?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Legal for the HR Director to ask if I&#39;ve ever been deposed After filing an unfair treatment complaint? After filing an unfair treatment complaint with my employer, is it legal for the HR Director to ask if I've ever been deposed?	Employment Questions	California
What are my rights if a tenant has their lease till April 2013 and within three months he wants to break it? My tenant has their lease till April 2013 and within three months, He wants to break the lease. What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What kind of financial obligations to my ex do I face regarding our divorce? I am contemplating divorce. We have been married less than a year, will be a year in October.  We had hard times going into it, and its just continued that way.  my question is what kind of financial obligations to her do i face? We currently don't have a home, and few assets that i will not give her. I make 85000. She makes $50000.  The separate banks accounts accept one joint savings.  my question is how much if any of my income, or retirement, and or savings if any will i be subject to losing?	Family Questions	Florida
Would they have to give us all of our money back since we don&#39;t have a lease? We live with my boyfriend's parents in Pennsylvania. We have 2 children ages 13 and 16. We rent the basement for $1000 a month. We do not have a signed lease. Can they evict us? Would they have to give us all of our money back since we don't have a lease? And can they give us only 15 days to move?	Leasing Questions	Maryland
How should a sample personnel letter look like? I was terminated 2 weeks ago. I want to send a request for my personnel file for 29 years of service. Do you have a sample letter and what section in act to quote to have them produce all documents contained in my personnel record?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
In VA can you leave home at 17 without consent and not get brought back home by police? In VA can you leave home at 17 without consent and not get brought back home by police?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can one spouse evict the other from the home that they own jointly? In the state of Maryland can one spouse evict the other from the home that they own jointly?Ronlad J. WalkerWaadorf, MD	Family Questions	District of Columbia
How is the estate handled if there are 2 brothers and no will? There are two brothers and NO will.  How is the estate handled?thank you	Wills and Trusts Questions	Connecticut
How do I move on with my life if that much control is put on my household? My divorce decree states, no overnight visitors of the opposite sex in either parents home while child is present. My question is how do I move on with my life if that much control is put on my household? I plan to move in with my current girlfriend and she has kids. We plan to marry so just not right now. How should I go about moving on with my life with this restriction hanging over my head?	Family Questions	Georgia
How can I get a list of all the places I have worked in the last ten years? How can I get a list of all the places I have worked in the last ten years?	Employment Questions	Nevada
If the house that you are renting sold, how long should it take for the renter to find out, and should you get a written notice? Can the new landlord increase your rent without a 30 day notice?	Leasing Questions	California
Do I have to provide spouse information if we are separated? We are living separate and living apart but not legally separated due to the law in Virginia. There is no legal separation per say but we are separated and living separate. Are we still consider husband/wife meaning is he still my spouse? If there is any form which requires to provide spouse information, do I have to provide spouse information if we are separated?	Family Questions	Virginia
Who is next of kin when man dies with no will: Half sisters or grandparents? A man dies with no wife, children or dad. The mother's whereabouts are unknown and no will left. Who is next of kin? Half sisters or grandparents?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Anyway to get my car fixed if the third party denied to pay for the expenses? I'm backing up on a driveway and someone hit my car, giving me no chance to exit because of the speeding.  Insurance or the third party denied to pay for the expenses.  Any way to get my car fixed?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can you be denied service from an Emergency Room at any hospital if you do not have your copay? Can you be denied service or treatment from an Emergency Room at any hospital if you do not have your copay?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Is there a time frame of which to cancel a decision of of breaking a lease that protects me? I signed a rental lease in Broward County, Florida, but had to break the lease prior to moving in. Is there a time frame of which to cancel a decision of this nature that protects me?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a former employer hold back my paycheck because I haven&#39;t finished insurance paper work? Can a former employer hold back my paycheck because I haven't finished insurance paper work from auto accident I got into with his truck?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Legal to extremely raise the rent after I have lived in the home for 5 years and always paid my rent on time? Is it legal to raise the rent from $1650.00 per month to 2000.00 per month  after I have lived in this home for five years and always paid my rent on time? Most of the time a day or two early.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Legal recourse if my sister left half of her estate to me, but her 6-month husband mentioned none of this? My sister in New York wrote on apiece of paper just before she died (my eldest sister and nurse witnessed this) that she was leaving half of her estate to me (other half to my eldest sister), but her husband of only 6 months has not mentioned any of this. Do I have  any legal recourse?	Family Questions	Michigan
Legal if I work 6 to 3 with no 15-minute break and don&#39;t get a lunch till 12? Legal if I work 6 to 3 with no 15-minute break and don't get a lunch till 12?	Employment Questions	New York
How can I get my ex-husband&#39;s parental rights terminated? I would like to have my daughter's absent father's parental rights terminated.  I don't have money for a retainer, and I am wondering if this is something I can do on my own?  I have no idea where to begin.  Can you please help me with the steps I need to take in order to accomplish my goal?  Thanks!	Family Questions	Nevada
Will an old CPS case from the past cause trouble for me now? I had a CPS case in the past. Now I am red flagged. The reason I ask is because someone I was dating is causing problems and I'm afraid to call the cops because my CPS case before was "failing to protect" cause of my son's dad. It's a different guy, but this ones a lot scarier. I don't want to lose my son. He doesn't live with me but keeps threatening me.	Real Estate Questions	California
Dealer wants traded car returned after giving bill of sale. I traded my car at a dealership in Miami, FL on 11/25/2011. It was an even trade. I signed abill of saleand now the dealer called me an said they do not want my car and want me to return the car I took home. Do I have to return the car?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Need to know about divorce laws in state of DE? I need to know about divorce laws in state of DE. I need to talk to a live person so I can share more personally.	Family Questions	Delaware
Law that regulates rental increases up to a certain percentage? Is there a state law that regulates rental increases up to a certain percentage?Thank You in advance for your reply.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What to do if a lawyer misled me and said I won&#39;t get much to have radiculopathy cause I have bursitis? I was said to have radiculopathy by a doctor from a work injury. Lawyer said wont get much cause of a history of bursitis, and said I took 3 years before I was treated for this. But I did see a doctor, and I have the records to prove it.	Personal Injury Questions	Oregon
Is there any way I can get my money back if my ex tries taking the car back? I gave my ex-girlfriend $600 a month for a car that's under her name. She won't sign the title over to me until the car is paid off. I haven't saved but a few receipts & bills for proof that I gave her money. Is there any way I can get my money back if she tries taking the car back?	Consumer Questions	New York
Question about unemployment benefits and unemployment insurance? Is there any way to receive unemployment benefits if the employer has not paid into the unemployment insurance?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can I file a claim if I slip and fell in my house and broke my hand? Can I file a claim if I slip and fell in my house and broke my hand?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Could I be fired for missing work even if I have a doctor&#39;s note? I was just wondering if I could be fired for missing work even if I have a doctors note. I am on what they call "corrective action" for attendance issues due to medical problems I have had in the past. They have said to me "While we appreciate you bringing us a Dr.'s note, it does not necessarily mean that your absence will be excused." I am just wondering if they could fire me even though a doctor has told me not to work?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
How do I buy a piece of my neighbor&#39;s property? How do I buy a piece of my neighbor's property? It's 1200 square fett in Largo FL, 33756.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a restaurant work someone an entire shift and not pay them for their services? Can a restaurant in the state of Florida work someone an entire shift and not pay them for their services, other then providing them with a meal, as part of an interviewing process?	Employment Questions	Alabama
When you close a business in Kentucky can you open another business within a year? When you close a business in Kentucky can you open another business within a year?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Kentucky
collection How long can the IRS collect back taxes?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Do I need to have a lawyer to modify a custody arrangement? I need to modify a custody arrangement. I live in a separate state with my children. My ex-husband still lives in Colorado and we share parenting time. Our old parenting plan is very outdated. Now that I have the children for the school year I'm told that South Carolina has jurisdiction. Do I have to have an attorney to file the modification? Can I file it where the original took place? We originally filed in Colorado, but now I've live here in South Carolina for 18 months. I'm told that I must have an attorney to modify a parenting plan. Is this true?	Family Questions	South Carolina
Does Missouri state law require employer to pay employee within 24 hrs of termination? Is it true that by Missouri state law the employer has 24 hours to pay an employee upon termination or they have to pay them for everyday until employee receives their paycheck?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Is there a limit to the number of years a medical debt can be held? Yes, I have a question about medical debt. My daughter needs a cast for her fractured wrist. She has a referralfrom Hillsborough County Health Insurance. When she called the doctor for an appointment they said theycould not see her until her debt from 2004 was paid. It amounts to about $300 dollars. Is there a limit to thenumber of years a medical debt can be held?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I take any of the renovation cost of the house/apartment from 2011 off on my 2011 taxes? My mother expired in June 2011 and left a house which I moved into in Oct. 2011.  I did some major renovation to the house and attached apartment.  I rented the apartment in Feb 2012 and legally obtained the deed to the house in Feb 2012.  Can I take any of the renovation cost of the house/apartment from 2011 off on my 2011 taxes?  Can I take it off on my 2012 taxes?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Am I forced to keep my children in unsafe temperatures? I was renting a condo. I mailed the money order. I have receipt ac in unit. It is not working as the house was over 100 degrees. I paid for hotel for the evening. The landlord is filing for eviction if rent is not paid on Monday. Do we have rights or am I forced to keep my children in unsafe temperatures?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Can a former boss refuse to give his former employee an affidavit stating his employment duties? Can a former boss refuse to give his former employee anaffidavit documentthat states his employment duties? The worker was a full-time worker legally.	Real Estate Questions	New York
If I&#39;ve been separated for 2 years now from my wife, does she need my social security number for taxes? My wife and I are seperated now. She called me because she is filing taxes and needs my social security number. We have been seperated for more than two years now. Is there a reason she would need my social security number? I haven't worked for a while now and I'm not filing taxes this year.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Tennessee
How can I get my money back from an auto body and paint shop? How can I get my money back from an auto body and paint shop?	Personal Injury Questions	Texas
Is it the father&#39;s responsibility after a divorce to provide insurance on a child if its available to him? Is it the father's responsibility after a divorce to provide insurance on a child if its available to him?	Immigration Questions	Kentucky
Do I plead guilty if a regular customer sold beer to a minor but I was the one who got arrested? There was a sting operation. A girl came in the store.  I id her and could not sell beer to her. Then this guy I know who is a regular customer said just sell her the beer. I said no I couldn't. Then I said you buy it and give it to her. The guy did and I was arrested. Do I plead guilty or not?	Criminal Questions	New York
If my son bought his first home in Nov. 2011, does he qualify for any tax credits? If my son bought his first home in Nov. 2011, does he qualify for any tax credits?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Can I get custody of my grandchild by going to Human Resources? Can I get custody of my grandchild by going to Human Resources? and Do we have to go or can I do it while he has to work?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If I have no insurance through my company, can they just take my money? If I have no insurance through my company, can they just take my money? They do not pay for my insurance and I have not sign any paperwork for insurance.	Employment Questions	California
How can I get a copy of the federal code literature pertaining to Virginia code 19.2-109? How can I get a copy of the federal code literature pertaining to Virginia code 19.2-109?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
What do you do if you&#39;re gonna squat in a home and  someone calls the police? What do you do if you're gonna squat in a home and you start taking things out of the house and someone calls the police?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can I be refused a driver&#39;s license in Indiana for failure to pay child support ordered by Georgia court? Can I be refused a driver's license in Indiana for failure to pay child support ordered by Georgia court?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What to do if the accident report changed stating it was my fault when it wasn&#39;t? Hello,I was walking across a semi busy one way in a business district.  The light was red so I decided to cross in between cars.  When the light turned green, I was in front of a jeep but only a few feet away from the sidewalk.  The driver proceeded to drive and hit me.  I yelled at her "you hit me" but she started yelling at me telling me that it was my fault because I was not walking on the cross walk.  I called the police and one of the officers got my statement and told me that even though I should have been using the crosswalk, it was still no excuse for her to hit me.  But when I finally received the police report, over a month later, it said that I was at fault.  I did seek medical attention and wasn't badly hurt. Do I have a case?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Is it legal if my doctor refuses to write a script that I have received for 8 years? My doctor refuses to write a script that I have received for 8 years.   Is this legal?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Connecticut
In GA, do you have a 48 hour period to renege on a signed contract?	Contract Questions	Georgia
What are the Florida laws with respect to mandatory pet dog examinations? What are the Florida laws with respect to mandatory pet dog examinations?	Family Questions	Florida
At court, what will they give you if getting caught driving with a permit over 18? At court, what will they give you if getting caught driving with a permit over 18?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Can your boss legally call you names and talk down to you? Can your boss legally call you names and talk down to you?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How long do you have to cancel a contract? How long do you have to cancel a contract?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is there a law in Iowa stating that a rental house must have a bath tub in it? Is there a law in Iowa stating that a rental house must have a bath tub in it?	Real Estate Questions	Iowa
Anything I could do if I had put in an offer to purchase but has a lower price online? If I had put in a offer to purchase on a foreclosure property  in the amount of asking price, offer was accepted but before the papers were signed I looked on the internet and found out they had lowered the price by 5000.00 without informing me, could I do anything about it?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
What amount time may elapse before a fired employee must be paid in full? What amount of time may elapse before a fired employee must be paid in full?	Employment Questions	Utah
Can I legally buy my 17-year-old son a ticket and send him to Missouri to live on his own? I have a 17-year-old son who is determined to leave home in Virginia. He has been told he can be on his own in Missouri at 17. Can I legally buy him a ticket and send him there?	Family Questions	Virginia
Who is liable when i lost everything when my neighbor set fire to my building? My neighbor set fire to my building. I lost everything. Who is liable and can I sue her or the landlord and does the landlord own me my deposit back?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If we file bankruptcy chapter 7, would the trustee sell our home? My wife and I with 2 minor children lived in our home, which has about $150,000.00 equity.  Through out the years, we incurred credit card debts with a total amount of about $100,000.00, which we can no longer pay due to reduction on our income.  If we file bankruptcy chapter 7, would the trustee sell our home?  If he would, is there any way we can do to save it?  Thank you for your help.	Consumer Questions	California
Can an employer forbid a facebook friend request to an employee? In the state of Georgia, can an employer forbid a facebook friend request to an employee on that employees personal page?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Since my wife contributed so little over the years what would she be entitled to pending a divorce Before I got married my wife had just filed bankruptcy and lost home. She also was not working when this happened. We got married but everything is in my name and most things were purchased before we met. Deed and mortgage is in my name as with all vehicles. In the 5 years we have been married she only worked full time for one year. Other years I have supported a business for her which has only resulted in business expenses being covered. Since she has contributed so little over the years what would she be entitled to pending a divorce? She still is earning just enough to cover expenses. Also we have a difference of opinion in who has the final decision. By law do I have the final say? Example guest stay or leave	Family Questions	Illinois
Can Walmart force you to work Sundays? I am an hourly part time worker at Walmart. Can Walmart force you to work Sundays? My employer told me it was mandatory to work Sundays.	Employment Questions	New Jersey
What do we do with these funds if my landlord has not cashed them? My landlord has not cashed at least 6 months rent checks most are stale dated. We have tried to make contact with the owner but the real estate agent who listed the rental refuses to give us any of the owner's information such as a phone number. What do we do with these funds? The bank will not accept stale dated checks. Some of these checks ate dated from over a year ago. We are concerned of what to do with the funds if the landlord never processes the checks.	Real Estate Questions	California
In 2003, I was involved in a car accident while driving between Michigan to Virginia to report to a new federal job, in which I lost a 3 month old baby and I suffered a pelvis fracture. Do I have a case against my new employer? Am I still within the time constraints?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can I file contempt? Aunt has no parental rights to niece and is not letting the father have is parenting time. Can I file contempt?	Family Questions	Colorado
What is the statute of limitations for a lawsuit from tenant to landlord after tenant moves out?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions	Arizona
Normal practice if my employer takes 8% from my check for warranty and installation materials? hi, my name is Cedric. I work as a subcontractor for a tile company. They take 8% from my check for warranty, take out for insurance base on check amount and still charge me for installation materials such as thinset matter, glue,nails,cement etc. Is this a normal practice?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What are my rights to rescind a contract written or verbal when you have buyer&#39;s remorse? In the State of Florida what are my rights to rescind a contract written or verbal when you have buyer's remorse?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Question regarding my mother passed and in her will named me administrator? My mother passed and in her will named me administrator.  She had a small checking account with enough money (perhaps?) to cover burial expenses ($13K).  Her attorney did not self attest the will and does not know where the original is.  I have copies and the attorney has a copy.  A search of my mother's possessions does not produce a will.  The bank will not transfer the funds without a short certificate.  The County Register of Wills won't issue a short without a self attested ORIGINAL will.  What is the fix?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding my mother who has power of attorney over my volatile grandfather? My mother has power of attorney over my grandfather, whose recent behavior is volatile at best. She feels threatened, but doesn't know how to go about putting him in a nursing home. We desperately need information.	Family Questions	Florida
Do I have any legal rights to the bike my ex and I bought together when it was under my name? A family member left me a Harley Davidson in 2010 and my husband and I just got it up and running. We have been separated, but working on our relationship, so I allowed him  to go ahead and finish the repairs/restoration. I made it very clear that I wanted the bike in my name (for legal reasons), and it led to us deciding to get a divorce due to trust. He has since went through and put it over in his name, and now saying I have no legal right. My question is, do I have legal right? What can I do? I only have my word, my family's word, and some text messages with him clearly stating it's mine. Please help!	Real Estate Questions	California
My recently deceased cousin initiated my two children for his pension plan, but can&#39;t be evenly distributed. Help? My two children were listed as a beneficiaries on my cousin's pension plan.  My cousin just recently passed away.  HSBC Pension Plan told me that the children are listed as beneficiaries but were not designated as far as how the money is to be distributed, therefore, telling me that the money can not be distributed to them.  It seems to me that an error was made on HSBC's part by not following through or notifying pension holder if the beneficiary/s was incomplete.  My cousin initiated the two children and it is what he had wanted.  Can you help?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if my landlord is threatening me out of the apt after paying the rent? My landlord give me a get out notice in April and then said disregard it and today he came by and got my rent money. I paid it and signed it and then he said he want me out by the fifth of July or I'm putting your stuff on the street and having your power turned off on Monday. Is this legal? I have kids living there.  Please help.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Do I qualify to return to old job if briefly left to join military? I was recently discharged from the military. I called my old boss and asked for my job back. He said there is no opening at this time. I never quit my job. I told him I was leaving to join the military. I was only in for 36 days. Do I still qualify to return back to my old job?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What&#39;s the time frame on notifying child support of my relocation? I'm will be relocating to another state. What's the time frame on notifying child support of my relocation?	Family Questions	Florida
What if expenses exceed legal and medical liabilities on insurance policy? What if expenses exceed legal and medical liabilities on insurance policy?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Do I have to pay the rent plus the remaining months of my lease? i lost my job and although finally found another I am making less than half of what i used to and can no longer afford my rent as well as other bills.  My car is facing repossession, etc.  I have 3 months left on my lease.  It is stated in my lease that if I terminate it early I have to pay $1550 which is 2 months rent. Do I have to pay that plus the remaining months of my lease? If I don't have it to pay can I make payments?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it legal to put homes in different names? A married couple own 2 homes.  One a vacation home the other their residence.  They put one home in wife's name the other in the husband's to get homestead relief, is this legal and how does it work?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What are my rights if I move out when my separated wife might have taken me out of the lease? My wife and I live in a house. About 2 years ago I moved out. Now I'm back. I think she took me of the lease. What are my rights if I move out and what can I take?	Family Questions	California
Is it possible to prove the agents have to do probate in order to evict me as the owners are both dead? My landlord has the deed to the building in his and his wife's name. They filed claiming to come forward as an assumed name. It was not filed with the state of NY. Both people died and no one has filed the will or has done a probate case on the property as no agent is assigned or approved by the court. I'm told they don't have to by one person but the state says they have to file the assumed name they used in the partnership. The name is available for anyone to buy. I am being evicted by the alleged agent who is not even ordained by any court or any filed papers. Is it possible to prove they have to do probate in order to evict me as the owners are both dead? I know the company can go on but we were not informed about anything.	Real Estate Questions	New York
is it legal for a landlord to have a standard late fee, then a daily late fee? is it legal for a landlord to have a standard late fee, then a daily late fee?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
Can one party give up all property to the other? Can one party give up all property to the other?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If I have a fully executed license agreement on my property, should I ask the buyer to record it? If I have a fully executed license agreement on my property, but it was never recorded and now I'm selling the property and the agreement is assignable, should I ask the buyer to record the agreement going forward?	Real Estate Questions	California
Allowed to let me go and not pay me for the holiday which I worked? I was employed on a paid holiday and worked 5 days after the holiday.  I was let go and they didn't pay me for the holiday.  Are they allowed to do that?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If I resigned voluntarily what documentation would I need to show that I left for good reason? If I left a new job where I only worked for 4 days because of medical problems which I was having with my previous employer of 12 years who could no longer hold my job, is there any way to file my claim for Unemployment against the former employer?  If I resigned voluntarily what documentation would I need to show that I left for good reason?	Employment Questions	New York
Question regarding mother&#39;s husband&#39;s will and possessions? My mom is in a long term care facility for her Alzheimer's and her husband just passed away and left everything to her. Now my step siblings are trying to not have me as a conservator over her finances but the will states everything is to be divided three ways I'm unsure why we all can't get along. Do I need a lawyer?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
Can my social worker forcefully send me out of the country? Can my social worker forcefully send me out of the country?	Family Questions	California
Can 2 trustees sell the house without telling the third trustee? Can 2 trustees sell the house without telling the third trustee? Can this be stopped? If so how?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Is it legal to withhold rent when basic things aren&#39;t being taken care of? Is it legal to withhold rent when basic things aren't being taken care of? For example nearly every screen in our apartment has holes in the corners. Every outlet in our living room is dead. We have a portable air conditioner that has killed every outlet in the living room. So we have to use heavy duty extension cords leading to other rooms in order to keep the ac running so our baby doesn't get sick from the heat. We are constantly getting wasps and bees in our apartment because they are coming in through the windows some how. We get large amounts of box elder bugs and ladybugs in the apartment as well and the only answer they give us as there's nothing we can do. So can we withhold rent until all these issues are resolved?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Is there something I can do to locate the real deed from my father? I have to get the deed on my name, which was from my father's. I did a search but the government office could not fine the real deed. Is there something I can do to locate the real deed? If not, could you advice me where to go?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Question regarding OSHA&#39;s policies and procedures? I was recently investigated by OSHA. I want to contact a lawyer about OSHA's policies and procedures. I feel as if they don't verify employment or see if employee has had any kind of reprimands recently. I know the law is to protect the employee, but i feel that nothing was done to protect me from the embarrassment of having an inspector along with the General Manager, and QA manager with cameras through the building for the entire company to see.Investigation was completed, the complaints were found to be unwarranted. Is this worth contacting a lawyer for? I am not so interested in money, as i am the policies, procedures, and guidelines they are following. What can be done for managers, and supervisors of disgruntled employees.	Employment Questions	Tennessee
Would I need a civil attorney or a criminal one when my ex served me for child support? I was served papers for child support enforcement and my ex is asking that the court puts me in jail. If I were to employ an attorney would i need a civil attorney or a criminal one?	Family Questions	Texas
Can a child be emancipated since he is not in school and fully capable of getting a full time job ? I have an 18-year-old that has lived with his father the last 3 years. He quit school 6 months before graduating and does not plan to get GED or seek employment. He's Just sitting around the house doing nothing along with his father while collecting child support from mother. Can this child be emancipated since he is not in school and fully capable of getting a full time job ?	Family Questions	New York
My landlord let the home go into foreclosure.  Property was sold at public auction on 10/03/11.  Owner was represented by a rental agency.  I have been told that the former owner requests a inspection of property for me to get deposit back.  Does he still have the right to do so?	Real Estate Questions	California
With a survivorship deed, does every person on the deed have to be on the loan? With a survivorship deed, does every person on the deed have to be on the loan if one of the parties is building a home on the land?	Family Questions	Ohio
What does it mean in a divorce case (vacated)? What does it mean in a divorce case (vacated)?	Family Questions	Colorado
Is the mobile home park taking the trailer we just bought? We just bought a mobile home and we got the title. The seller said it was free and clear, but the mobile home park is placing a lien on it and will not let us move it. We haven't register in our name yet, as this was just yesterday and now we don't know what to do about the lien. Is the mobile home park taking the trailer we just bought? we cant get a chance to get it back? what do we need to do?? please respond asap	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can I stop paying child support in Albany, NY since my son is 18 and graduated high school? Can I stop paying child support in Albany, NY since my son is 18 and graduated high school? He is not attending college and his mother doesn't want him to work right now.	Family Questions	New York
Advice on what needs to be done to get my estranged husband to pay his share of the mortgage? My estrange husband stop making payments on our mortgages. I am making the payments but I need advice on what needs to be done to get him to pay his share of the mortgage or how do i get his name off the properties? I do not want to shoulder all the responsibilities and have him claim half of it in the future.	Real Estate Questions	California
Do the local dog leash laws apply to the area of subsidized housing? Live in HUD subsidized housing in Santa Rosa, CA,  (back yard, fenced garden/sitting area).  Do the local dog leash laws apply to this area?	Real Estate Questions	California
If filing for bankruptcy, can my vehicle be ordered to sell for a minimal payment while being at 0 income? If filing for bankruptcy for credit card debt, dental debt, student loan debt and state/federal income tax debt, can my vehicle be confiscated or ordered to sell it for a minimal payment while being at 0 income?  My vehicle is probably worth less than $2,000 and my total debt is roughly between $10,000 - $15,000.	Consumer Questions	Illinois
What to do if I got charged with family violence and criminal trespassing in my own home? What to do if I got charged with family violence and criminal trespassing in my own home and breaking my child's cell phone?	Family Questions	Georgia
Questions about employment? We are a small <100 employee consulting company with employees working at clients thoughout the U.S.  We have exempt salaried and non-exempt hourly employees.  We want a flexible time off policy in place that would allow the exempt employees to "take what you need"  and continue to be paid.  The non-exempt employees would be ineligible for time off and only be paid for the hours actually worked.Questions:Both the salaried and hourly employees are highly paid.  Are there any FLSA laws that prevent us from developing this kind of policy?Would we be faced with discrimination?Any advice would be helpful or any links to help writing this policy would be appreciated.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Could someone help me out if I&#39;m Really scared as I am being blackmailed from an internet chat room? Could someone help me out if I'm Really scared as I am being blackmailed from an internet chat room?	Criminal Questions	California
Mandatory for a 40-hour a week worker to get paid vacation after a certain amount of time? is it mandatory for a forty hour a week worker to get paid vacation after working a certain amount of time for a company?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Maximum times to get married? What is the maximum number of times you can get married in Georgia?	Family Questions	Georgia
Am I obligated to pay a doctor&#39;s fee that was submitted to the insurance company over 180 days ago? Am I obligated to pay a doctor's fee that was submitted to the insurance company over 180 days ago?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if my daughter is witnessing domestic violence between her father and his girlfriend? I'm in a domestic violence relationship with my daughters father. The last thing he did was move in his girlfriend three weeks ago and she has been witnessing violence between them I came home one day and found my daughter alone.  I called child abuse on him for leaving her alone and witnessing the violence between them.  I don't know if it was the right thing to do but don't know what to do. Help please.	Family Questions	Florida
What is the procedure for adult adoption in Illinois? What is the procedure for adult adoption in Illinois?  I was divorced with sole custody in 1987.  I remarried in 1997 and My new husband desires to adopt my adult son of 27 years of age.  I am the natural mother.  My son has lived with us since I remarried in 1997.  I photocopied documents at the law library in Chicago.  I have Petitioner for Adult Adoption, Judgment Order and Consent.  Am I requesting that I adopt my son since I am married to the petitioner?  Do we all have to go in to file the petition or can I just go file it myself.  Will there be an investigation since this is a simple adult adoption?  My son is keeping his name and not requesting a change, will there be additional costs other than $65 filing fee?  How long will this take?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What to do if my sister purchased a vehicle from a private owner but unable to register cause of fines? My sister purchased a vehicle from a private owner and when she traveled back home to register it, the DMV informed her that she was not able to register the vehicle because there is about $800 worth of fines. The person she purchased the vehicle from has become unavailable and she needs the car for a job she just offered. This will cause extreme hardships on my sister and I was wondering what we should do?	Consumer Questions	California
Is a wife entitled to natural gas royalties even if her name is not on the lease? Is a wife entitled to natural gas royalties even if her name is not on the lease?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oklahoma
What&#39;s the law about minors working in a hardware store? I work and live in Virgina. I was wondering what the law says about minors working in a hardware store? I was under the impression that the minor may work but only as a cashier. They must be 18 to work on the floor. Is this true?	Employment Questions	California
Can a 17-year-old leave the state without her parents&#39; approval to go on vacation for 9 days with friends? Can a 17-year-old leave the state of Michigan without her parents' approval to go on vacation for 9 days with friends	Family Questions	Ohio
Is it legal for a police officer to work 16 hours straight in Georgia? Is it legal for a police officer to work 16 hours straight in Georgia?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What are my rights as a new owner? What happens when a property is condemed then later resold by the state of Utah on a tax sale, is the property still condemed when I bought the land? What rights do I have as the new owner ?	Real Estate Questions	Utah
Can a 15-year-old choose where he would like to live? Can a 15-year-old choose where he would like to live? What are his rights? Does it have to be a other parent or can it be a grandparent?	Family Questions	Ohio
What should I do if I have worked at a job for over a year and they never give out 30 minute breaks? What should I do if I have worked at a job for over a year and they never give out 30 minute breaks?  Can they get in trouble for this?  What should I do?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can employer prevent me from new job? Can an employer prevent me from a new job?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
Can employer expect employees to work double 8 hour shifts back to back? I work at a assisted living facility I work a 8 hr shift. If some doesn't show up or calls in for the next shift coming to relieve me, I'm expected to stay for the next 4 hrs of their shift. Now my employer is mandating for us to stay the full 8 hrs of that shift, so am a total of 16 hrs.  Even if we are scheduled to work, our next shift is in 8 hrs. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Michigan
If I won an appeal for unemployment and the employer filed an appeal and won, am I obligated to pay monies? If I won an appeal for unemployment and the employer filed an appeal and won am I obligated to pay monies back that the dept of labor approved?	Employment Questions	Alabama
When quitting a job is it a law to work the two weeks? When quitting a job is it a law to work the two weeks?	Employment Questions	Ohio
What am I entitled to after 10 years of marriage in a divorce in Illinois? What am I entitled to after 10 years of marriage in a divorce in Illinois?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
How can I gain full custody of my daughter? In order for my husband to adopt my daughter, her biological father has to sign over his rights being that he signed her birth certificate. How can I gain full custody of her as well? I currently reside in Virginia and he resides in Columbus Georgia.	Family Questions	Virginia
Does the law require that the couple&#39;s son is on the lease? I'm renting my home to a couple In Anne Arundel County Maryland who's 20 year old son lives with them.  Does the law require his name on the lease?	Real Estate Questions	District of Columbia
If I quit my job, can my employer keep my last paycheck if I have signed a 2 yr commitment for them to pay for my certification and it&#39;s within the 2 yrs? If I quit my job, can my employer keep my last paycheck if I have signed a 2 yr commitment for them to pay for my certification and it's within the 2 yrs? If so,how long after my paycheck is auto deposited can they stop payment?	Employment Questions	California
Who pays FL Power &amp; Light Co. debt if first payee dies? If someone owes the Florida power & light company money and the payee dies before paying the bill, who is responsible for the deceased debt?	Contract Questions,Electronics/Devices Questions	Florida
Can I file for unemployment or do I have a case for suing the company? I am an I-9 contractor for ava/Lv group who owns Koi ultra lounge in Planet Hollywood Casino. Although I was on the schedule I was fired with no written or verbal notice. Can i file for unemployment or do I have a case for suing the company? In addition, the company seems to discriminate against the women by locking them out of the office while tips are counted by managers...will this further my case	Employment Questions	California
Need a preparation paper for quick claim deed. What is a preparation statement for a quick claim deed?  What all do I have to include?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
Can you collect unemployment if you are part time? Can you collect unemployment if you are part time?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is an employee obligated to return telephone calls to employer when on a day off? Is an employee obligated to return telephone calls to employer when on a day off? Employer went to employee home to make contact.	Employment Questions	Colorado
If someone bought a vehicle and had a co-signer, when the vehicle has been paid off who has legal possession of truck or auto? If someone bought a vehicle and had a co-signer, when the vehicle has been paid off who has legal possession of truck or auto?  Payments have all been made by one party. Pink slip was mailed to other party.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Will I have to pay anything if I have to sign anything? My father died on Nov 4 2011. He and his sister lived together and he was covered with life insurance. Now, his sister have lost her memory and she left her niece as her power of attorney. My father's insurance have enough cover to pay for the funeral and she didn't pay but $2500 and is try to make me pay a balance. Will I have to pay anything if I have to sign anything?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What to do when I have wrongful termination and have judge order? What to do when I have wrongful termination and have judge order? Need advice.	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can an employee fill out an evaluation form on the supervisor? Can a employee fill out an evaluation form on the supervisor?	Employment Questions	California
If my husband had a will with another women do I have a leg to stand on? My husband is dying of stage 4 cancer we have not lived together in over 20 years but we are still married. My question is if he had a will with another woman do I have a leg to stand on?	Family Questions	California
Anything to do keep the house if the defendant owes in back taxes? A house was obtained through a divorce.  Because the defendant was living here for three years alone, he was to pay back taxes and utilities.  Just found out that I have until the 20th of this month to pay or will lose the house, even though I just moved in, because of unpaid back taxes.  Is there anything I can do to prevent this aside from getting a loan too pay them and hope he pays me back?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can an employer change his policy and require me to not have lunch daily with my coworkers? It&#39;s a union shop. It was not like that for the last nine years. How can he change the rules and segregate me for lunch breaks I think its a civil rights violation. I want to file a civil rights lawsuit?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can we be served an eviction notice because the rental office fail to submit our re-certification? Can we be served aneviction noticebecause the rental office fail to submit our re-certification to their corporate office three months ago? We are great tenets and we pay every month on time. Our lease has been up so we are month to month.	Real Estate Questions	District of Columbia
Question regarding my late, estranged father&#39;s property? My father died 5 months ago, and we hadn't gotten along for a few years. My parents divorced 6 years ago, and when they divorced, it was like his family divorced his children as well. My grandmother (his mother) and his brothers and sisters took everything that belonged to him. They gave us nothing of his. What do I do about? I'm his oldest of four children.	Family Questions	Indiana
Mattress failed warranty and caused back trouble. I purchased an adjustable bed in 2004. The bed had a 15 year warranty attached. The mattress has not stood up and can no longer maintain firm support.As a result both I and my wife have back trouble. I called the Company that sold the bed and they refuse any support. What are my remedies?	Consumer Questions	California
Legal under Michigan law if I was evicted by my landlord instead of a court officer? Legal under Michigan law if I was evicted by my landlord instead of a court officer?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Do I need to file for lis pendens after the quiet title complaint? I am plaintiff to quiet title action case. Do I need to file for lis pendens after the quiet title complaint?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it possible to go to an open door home and be adopted from the open door home? Is it possible to go to an open door home and be adopted from the open door home? Because I have a friend who is willing to let me live with her. So can she adopt me if I go to the open door home?	Family Questions	Georgia
Question regarding the offer letter I received from oversea company?? I need to talk to International Business Lawyer regarding the offer letter I received from oversea company?	Employment Questions	California
Anyway I can get my soon-to-be son&#39;s father to not see him when he had 3 other girls pregnant? i am pregnant by my boyfriend who is still legally married and has 3 other girls pregnant. I do not want him to be able to see my son. Is there anyway I can do that?	Family Questions	Virginia
If I stay in the state of GA and i sign a promissory note, do I have to repay? Smiley27Hi, I moved in apartment and after a couple of months i have to move due to medical issues.  I stay in the state of ga and i sign apromissory note template, do I have to repay? Will it go on my credit? Can i make payments cause they are threaten me with the whole amount (2000, and this is not the amount in the promissory note)? Also will it got on my credit? Thanks for the advice	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Who will get custody of my children if me and my children&#39;s father die at the same time? Who will get custody of my children if me and my children's father die at the same time? We do not have wills but we both have life insurance and 401k benefits.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Missouri
Case to take her to court because of breach of contract when sold already to the highest offer? I left a deposit to buy a car with remaining supposed to be paid next day. The seller gave me a copy of title and stated that she received $100.00 and balance is $4600.0 . three hours later she told me that she sold to someone else with higher offer. Do I have a case to take her to court , because of breach of the contract?Thanks	Family Questions	Georgia
How can I cancel the easement right? Hi, I purchased a 10 acre land with a building in 5 acre and rest is parking space in Houston,  Texas. That building has an easement right with adjacent tract where there is a shopping center. It was done in 1984 but recently my property is getting vandalize and the AC was stolen multiple times.I wanted to put up a fence around my land but the other property owner is not letting me  do that, telling us that he might need the parking space in near future. He has plenty of parking spaces on his side and 40% is empty all the time. I am the dominant property holder. How can I cancel the easement right?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Is it illegal for an employer to reprimand someone for work ethics after being in an accident and with a doctor&#39;s note as proof? I was in an accident and hurt my hand. I thought it was sprained. I told my employer I would return the next day but she gave me the week off and asked for me to bring a doctors release on Sunday to return to work. I went to the doctor, got a release with no restrictions. My employer called me Sunday before work and gave me another week off and asked me to meet with them. I did and gave them my doctor's release. They gave me two weeks off and told me to think if I really wanted to work there. I feel like I am being punished for being in an accident. I want to return to work and feel it is wrong not to let me since my doctor cleared me. Is this illegal?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Why is law firm subpoenaing Toyota about my private information? A law firm has subpoenaed the Toyota Motor credit corp about my banking and payment information.The plaintiff is Capitol One. My question is why are they subpoenaing Toyota about my private information? The lawsuit has nothing to do with my car. Do I have to show up in court if I am subpoenaed?	Consumer Questions	Oregon
Can DHR make me go to drug counseling for falling a drug test before they let my kids come back home? Can DHR in Calhoun County, Alabama make me go to drug counseling for falling one drug test before they let my kids come back home legally?	Family Questions	Alabama
If I&#39;m giving my ex joint physical custody, what should i include in the document award letter? i am giving my ex joint physical custody in the documentation. I want to make sure i have my rights. What should i include in the document award letter?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
What to do if my husband&#39;s work will pay him overtime for his work? My husband works for an auto dealer from 7 am to 4 pm (Monday thru Friday) for extra cash. He does their floors at night with a machine anytime from 5 pm to 8 pm. They will not pay him overtime unless he works his day time job a full 40 hours. They just changed this in rule in May 2012. Is this legal? It is for the same company under the same employee number and it is on the same pay check.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Question about filing bankruptcy five years ago? if my husband and I filed chapter 13 five years ago how is it possible that my taxes weren't paid and my lawyer claims that the money got taken by the government for previous unemployment?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I legally use the money to buy a bank owned property since my current home is in foreclosure? My home is in foreclosure and I just lost my job in which I was paid a severance package.  Can I legally use that money to buy a bank owned property since my current home is in foreclosure and too much is owed to reinstate?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I still move in my aunt&#39;s house without my mother&#39;s permission? I'm 13, and I want to move in with my aunt because my life is nothing but drama. My life would be better. My mom won't let me, but could I still move in without my mother's permission?	Family Questions	Georgia
Am I still owner or does the quit claim hold up in court? I am now living in Missouri, but while in CA I obtained a $35K promissory note from my ex.. he has defaulted on the note and time is running out... by Dec. I have to file... can i use a MO atty or do I  have to have a CA attorney..also my name is still on the house in CA as he did not want to be forced to refinance, but he did make me something like a quit claim note. So am I still owner or does the quit claim hold up in court?  Thanks. Peggy Muller	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Who should pay for my expenses if the association is responsible to fix my power back? Hello,Who should pay for my hotel expenses if the association is responsible to fix my power back? they are dragging their feet while I'm paying 55 a night for a hotel?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question regarding my daughter renting our house? Our daughter is renting our house. Without our permission, she let a friend stay there to help them get on their feet. We found out and we want them to leave. He refuses to leave and says he doesn't have to because he gets mail at the address.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do grandchildren have a legal right to inheritance from their grandparents if their parent died already? In California do grandchildren have a legal right to some kind of inheritance from their grandparents if their parent died already?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What age do you get to choose which divorced parent you want to stay with? What age do you get to choose which divorced parent you want to stay with?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can my ex take the children to live there with her without my consent? If I am getting a divorce and my spouse is from a town in the same state as me but several hours away. can she take the children to live there without my consent?	Family Questions	New York
What to do if I paid a lawyer to do my bankruptcy case &amp; after 3 years he&#39;s charging more? I paid a lawyer $1750 to do my bankruptcy and for whatever reason it's now 3 yrs later and I'm just finishing up. i have been after my lawyer the last 2 months to get it finished and now he tells me his rates have gone up and wants me to pay an additional $300. Can he really do this? I have a hand written receipt from him for the $1750 i paid in full.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What are my obligations in a triple net lease? What are my obligations in atriple net lease?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Question regarding child custody allowing my daughter to be taken away? A lower courts judgement allowed my daughter to be taken away to Atlanta. The appeals court reversed and remanded with directions my appeal in a child custody case in Illinois. I thought this meant that all parties will be restored to where they were before the trial started.  Does this mean my daughter comes back to Chicago?	Family Questions	Illinois
What can I do my daughter was put up for adoption without my consent? My daughter was put up for adoption without my consent. I have filed with the courts acknowledging I am her father. I am on her birth certificate. The agency is trying to terminate my rights and adoptive couple have my daughter. What else can I do?	Family Questions	Nevada
Can one be arrested if one texted that they unsuccessfully attempted to buy drugs? Can one be arrested if one texted that they unsuccessfully attempted to buy drugs (unspecified drug type)?	Family Questions	Georgia
Who is liable, my storage facility or the new owners, who sold or threw out my personal belongings? I was just informed by telephone that my storage facility in Arizona (I live in Georgia) was evicted by new owners and that my things were either sold or thrown out.  Who is liable, my storage facility or the new owners of the building where the storage facility was located and, can I file a small claims suit in Georgia?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
What can we do if tenant has only paid for 2 weeks rent and we want him out? A tenant moved in and only paid 2 weeks rent and has been in the home for over 6 weeks. What can we do to get him out? He still has no money or way to pay us but is using our water and gas. We could be renting this room to someone else who can pay as the reason we did this in the first place. We needed extra income to keep us afar. Now we are going down fast and he won't leave.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What are the laws for ease-ways in front of an existing home for access for emergency vehicles? What are the laws for ease-ways in front of a existing home for access for emergency vehicles?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I legally keep my husband out until I find out the truth if he&#39;s cheating? My husband left our home three nights ago. Now I want him to stay out because I suspect he is cheating. We live in Michigan, Can I legally keep him out until I find out the truth?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can my son do anything against a contract with Toyota? My son went in to a Toyota dealer to finance a car. After they made him quickly "sign and leave," he realized he paid $7000 in extra fees on a $14,900 car (totaling over $22,000!). He wants to fight them to reverse the deal. Can he do anything?	Consumer Questions	New York
What does it mean if I received a voluntary dismissal of garnishment in the mail? I received a voluntary dismissal of garnishment in the mail. it also advises my employer to return any money being held to me. What does that mean?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Can an executor quit claim property to herself? Can an executor quit claim property to herself?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What are my rights as a putative father if the mother won&#39;t let me see him? I am father of a 1 yr old. His mother and I have never been married. I live in Arkansas and she lives in Kansas with our son. I drive every other weekend to go see him and they will not let me spend any alone time with my son. I have to stay at her house with her mom and dad there also. I drive there Saturday after I get off work at noon and I return On Sunday because I have to work on Monday. I am a Sales Manager at a car lot and work a lot of hours. I just want to pick him up on Sat and return him on Sunday. I have paid child support since he was born. It automatically comes out of my ck every week. What do I need to do? Can u Please help me? I need to know my rights as a putative father?	Family Questions	Arkansas
In a custody case what points should i make to the judge? In a custody case what points should i make to the judge?	Family Questions	Virginia
Does my job have to pay me for my 2 weeks after I put in my 2 week notice? I got a new job and I'm quitting old job but wanted to get my 2 weeks. They said no to the 2 weeks. I want to  get paid.  Do they have to pay me for my 2 weeks?	Employment Questions	Tennessee
Can an order for alimony be garnished if the order is non modifiable? Can an order for alimony be garnished if the order is non modifiable?	Family Questions	Florida
If married, but has been apart for the entire time, is the spouse entitled to anything of theirs after they die? After 36 years, If someone is legally married, but has been apart for the entire time, is the spouse entitled to anything of his or hers after they die?	Family Questions	Missouri
Do I have to pay child support if my daughter&#39;s not attending school? My daughter lives with her mom. I pay child support. My daughter quit school and her boyfriend lives with her as well. Do I have to pay child support if she's not attending school?	Family Questions	New York
Can I apply for child support if my daughter is 20 and going to college? My daughter is going to college in Boston. She is 20 years old. Can I apply for child support?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can a father use a POA to sign the paternity affidavit while he is deployed and the child is born then? Can a father use a POA to sign the paternityaffidavitwhile he is deployed and the child is born then?	Family Questions	Indiana
Is there anyway I can help my son&#39;s father come to the U.S. if he&#39;s in Mexico? The father of my 2-month-old son is in Mexico. Is there anyway I can help him come to the U.S?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Should I be paying child support  for the week my son is with me? i have joint custody of my child with summer vacation one week on and one week off. Should I be paying child support  for the week my son is with me? It was never established.	Family Questions	New York
Can my wife legally keep my daughter from me until the custody hearing which is over a month away? I pay my wife child support. We have a 16-month-old daughter together. Can she legally keep my daughter from me until the custody hearing which is over a month away? She feels that I need to be with her to be with my daughter.	Family Questions	New York
Do physicians, by law, have to have sinks in each exam room? Do physicians, by law, have to have sinks in each exam room?	Employment Questions	Iowa
What can I do if the judge won&#39;t hear me because the cps workers have lied so bad about me? i am fighting cps to get my 3 kids. They have done nothing but lied and I can prove every word or action they took untruthfully. What can I do if the judge won't hear me because the cps workers have lied so bad about me?	Family Questions	Virginia
Legal while working for a customer to take your picture without your consent &amp; send to your employer? Is it legal while working for a customer to take your picture without your consent and send it to your employer?	Criminal Questions	California
Am I able to move out of state if I have joint custody of my 14-year-old son? I currently live in the state of Wisconsin. I have joint custody of my 14-year-old son. His father has primary placement. I want to move out of state. Am I able to?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How long will it take for my son to come back if or when I applied for him? I am a citizen of the USA and I have my son who is 41 years of age. He was a permanent resident for over 30 years living in the USA and got himself into some problems with the law and he was deported but he took a voluntarily departure.My question is it is possible for him to return to the USA?How long will it take for him to come back if or when I applied for him?	Family Questions	Florida
Legal to give a job &amp; then take the job away because they won&#39;t accept their online high school diploma? Is it legal for a company to give a job to a person and then take the job away from that person because they won't accept their online high school diploma? The company knew of the diploma on the application and on the resume and the person just took a physical and drug test and signed paperwork to start work and was told how much they would make per hour. The person has been waiting for 3 months for this job and now they will not hold the job for the person to take their GED.	Employment Questions	California
If someone has a restraining order against me &amp; it wears off, will a warrant be issued? If someone has a restraining order against me (Newburyport District Court) and it wears off today, if neither me or the person that issued it show up will a warrant be issued?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
What to do next if landlord won&#39;t fix the problem of my roof leaking? I'm a tenant and my roof is leaking for over the 3 months.  Part of my electricity doesn't work because of this problem.  It's the Landlord's problem and he has not fixed it.  I need to know what should I do next.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Does our short-time temporary worker paid for holidays? We have a short time temporary worker, paid hourly.  Does he get paid for holidays?	Employment Questions	California
Do I have a case of wrongful termination if I was fired from my job without warning? I was just let go from my job without prior warning! I was never spoken to about any issues then showed up for work and was told I was fired. Do I have a case of wrongful termination here?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What&#39;s the eviction under 232-b of the real property law of the state of new york? What's the eviction under 232-b of the real property law of the state of New York?	Family Questions	New York
Do I have any recourse to address the falling tree limbs w/o being in violation of her trespass notice? I have several trees overhanging the fence separating my lot from my neighbor.  Several of the trees have died from diseases and need to be removed.  I am not sure what drives it but my neighbor has posted the property with "No Trespass" signs and has filed charges for trespass in the past (court dismissed the charges).  There is no vehicle access for heavy equip. to reach the upper limbs for controlled pruning.  The trees need to removed but limbs may fall on the neighbors property.  Do I have any recourse to address the issue w/o being in violation of her trespass notice?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
What law is broken when video taping without consent? What law is broken when video taping without consent?	Criminal Questions	Florida
What to do if my wife is working and her director reminds her that she&#39;s doing a bad job? My wife works at this place where her director tell her she's doing a great job and the next tell her she's doing a bad job. It's been going on for a month and the owner tells her they'll talk  to her but dirt is still going on.	Employment Questions	Florida
Can my brother who is our father&#39;s POA withdraw from the estate account? If my father is the executor on my mothers estate account and he is sick in the hospital, can my brother who is his POA withdraw from the estate account?	Family Questions	Delaware
Question regarding inconsistent payroll? My payroll keeps changing without notice to me ever and we get our checks on wed. I can't cash it till Friday. Sometimes I will get paid weekly or the bi weekly.	Employment Questions	Ohio
Question about purchasing property? 1. I want to purchase a property that the foreclosing bank requires the buyer to be owner occupied.  If I had my 31 yr. old son be the occupant, would my son's name need to be on the deed as well (as owner occupant)?2. How long will my son be obligated to be owner occupant by the foreclosing bank after the property is purchased? need to be owner occupied if the  requires the buyer to be owner occupied?3. Do we do aQuit Claim Deed sampleto take my son off the deed after the "Owner Occupant" timeframe obligations are met by the foreclosing bank? Please tell me if there is a different procedure to get my son's name off the deed.4.  What is the cost to do the Quit Claim Deed or any other procedure to get my son's name off the deed.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Need to know when New York state stopped letting felons hunt with muzzle-loaders? i need to know when New York state stopped letting felons hunt with muzzle-loaders?	Criminal Questions	New York
Is there a law that states that you have to keep your lawn mowed? Is there a law that states that you have to keep your lawn mowed?	Real Estate Questions	Delaware
What if your employer holds your last check &amp; you have a returned check due to this? What if the company you work holds your last check and you have to pick it up and it did not get direct deposited as before and you have a returned check due to this? Is there anything you can do?	Employment Questions	Tennessee
If I don&#39;t file a response can my ex gain some right to my home &amp; should I list my house as my sole property? I received a divorce summons stating  that all property prior to marriage or after separation is separate property.  I bought my home 9 yrs prior to marriage but refinanced 6 mos after marriage by myself. The deed states it is my sole and separate property. During escrow he signed an inter-spousal transfer of deed, even though he was never on a deed.   I signed and returned a receipt of service on June 20, 2012. We have a post nuptial agreement releasing any interest in any real estate bought separately prior to marriage. If I don't file a response can he gain some right to my home, and should I go ahead and answer listing my house as my sole property? Or does the statement made on his summons protect me???	Family Questions	California
Is it illegal to make an employee work even if they have a doctor&#39;s note? Is it illegal to make an employee work even if they have a doctor's note in the state of Colorado?	Employment Questions	Texas
Is overtime after 40 hours an Illinois law? Is overtime after 40 hours an Illinois law?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What does it mean if I rented a house and I received a final judgment of foreclosure and a notice of sale? I recently rented a house and I just received a final judgment of foreclosure and a notice of sale. What does this mean?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What are the specifics to place an employee &quot;on call&quot;? What are the specifics to place an employee "on call"?	Employment Questions	California
Question purchasing a car that was not the same one advertised? "I purchased a new car last night. I think the car I sat in and decided to buy is not the same car I went home in. I told the sales person I thought the car didn't look the same but they "reassured" me it was. One other thing that makes me think this way ..."	Consumer Questions	Utah
How many hours can an employer make you work without a day off? In state of NH how many hours can an employer make you work without a day off?	Employment Questions	New York
Question about emancipation if I don&#39;t feel safe? Hello my name is Ricardo and I won't get emancipation from my mom and dad because I don't feel safe in the house with them and I won't to move to Atlanta with my sister.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How long should it take to settle aunt&#39;s probate case? Probate case in Missouri: The only and final real asset was my aunt's home. It was sold in early September. No record of the sale in casenet, the outstanding bills have not been paid yet, and there have been no disbursement of proceeds. How long should this take? There are only 2 outstanding bills.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Missouri
Possible to give family temporary guardianship of a child without the parents having a custody agreement? Is it possible to give a family member temporary guardianship of a child without the mother and father having a custody agreement without one or the other knowing?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an employer give you few hours of work to keep from laying you off and having to pay unemployment? If business is slow can an employer just give you a few hours of work a week to keep from laying you off and having to pay unemployment benefits? What percentage of your wage do you get on unemployment?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Any applicable exception to a business with one owner/employee to provide worker&#39;s comp insurance? We are an Illinois S corporation with only one employee who is also the president of the company.  Are we required to provide worker's comp insurance?  Is there any applicable exception to a business with one owner/employee?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What advice can we get if our son&#39;s girlfriend is unfit to be a mother but is asking for child support? My son has a child by his girlfriend. He is no longer with this girl.  He wants to pay child support.  How does this work since he is not married? His girlfriend is not fit to be a mother.  She smokes in front of the child, never home.  She lives with her grandmother and pot head uncle and they all smoke.   The child has flea bites and always dirty when my son picks her up.. What advice can you give us?  He can't afford a expensive lawyer.Thanks in advanceBarb from GA	Family Questions	Ohio
How can I get custody of my child if my wife took my son away after I found out she was cheating? I found out my wife was cheating on me and she took my son to her parents house and isn't allowing me to see him. What can I do to get visitation/ custody of my child?	Family Questions	New York
Okay for my work to require a drug test and after failing I can&#39;t work for a year? i went in for in house drug and told them the doctor has me on some pain pills. They went and had me take my drug test and they failed me and put in the computer. I said I cant work there for a year. Is that ok for them to do?	Employment Questions	California
Is legal for the employers not to review employee for over eight years? 1) Is legal for the employers not to review employee for over eight years?2) Is it legal employers cam give raise for some and forget others?3) Legally how many phases employee has to go to be terminated?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Minimum amount of hours that you can work and still be charged a 30 minute lunch time? what is the minimum amount of hours that you can work and still be charged a 30 minute lunch time?	Real Estate Questions	California
If I owned 3 homes before I got married, do I have to split them with my wife? If I owned 3 homes before I got married and they're all in my name, do I have to split them with my wife?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do when father has done everything to see his son when the mother filed charges &amp; was a no-show? So the mother files a domestic violence charge against the father and he goes to jail. At the same time she petitions the court for custody of their 4-year-old son whom has lived with the father since birth. She filed OSC for child custody, visitation and given a court date which she did not show. The judge rescheduled and she still did not show up. The father filed responses and showed up to the rescheduled court date.  He has even filed the OSC with an ex-parte.  What is the next step or what are we doing wrong? 5 months have passed and he has not seen his son nor has she contacted him regarding visitation. No court order is in effect. How can he see if is son is okay?	Family Questions	California
What bereavement cover for decease family working member? What bereavement cover for decease family working member?	Employment Questions	Florida
What&#39;s the statue of limitations on filing unemployment claims in court? What's the statue of limitations on filing unemployment claims in court? I was let go on 4/14/ 2012. They called it work force reduction.	Employment Questions	Connecticut
Can an employer refuse to pay overtime? can an employer refuse to pay overtime?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Does a landlord have to paint the walls of his rental house if he only spot painted? Does a landlord have to paint the walls of his rental house if he only spot painted and you can see where he spot painted and it looks shabby, prior to the new tenant moving in?  The rental home is located in Lajolla, California.	Real Estate Questions	California
If I leave a man that I live with and we have a daughter, will that go against me? If I leave a man that I live with and we have a daughter, will that go against me?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can I purchase the mineral rights of another heir at fair market value before distributing all assets? As personal representative of my mother's estate with full powers of an executor, can I purchase the mineral rights of another heir at fair market value before distributing all assets?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Nebraska
Question on who&#39;s liable on liability policy? Insured Purchased a liability policy & thought it covered commercial property. Agent never added Property coverage. Policy cancels for non pay & insured was notified several times in writing & verbally that he had know coverage. agent was able to offer reinstatement how ever insured never showed up to sign apps and submit payment. Insureds Property Burns to the ground after policy cancellation. Fire is classified as Arson. Is agent or carrier liable? There were no signed apps for property, just liability. There was a quote that was reviewed by the insured with property but never bound. Who's Liable?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If my son received an underage drinking ticket, can he receive a deferral without an attorney in that county? My son received a underage drinking ticket in Marian County, Indiana.  Can he receive a deferral without an attorney in that county?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
What federal law authorizes CSE to use administrative enforcement actions to collect past due child support? What federal law authorizes Child Support Enforcement (CSE) to use administrative enforcement actions to collect past due child support even if you are making current monthly child support and arrearage payments?	Family Questions	California
Do I have a chance of getting my job back? Earlier in the month I received a job offer pending background check. After a week or so the background check came back with some false information. i provided the background company with documents refuting the information (court stamped), contacted the company informed them of the situation and am still waiting. Every time I ask them if I should seek other employment I get no response, They say they have to give the background company 30days to clear all disputes.Side note: The background company they are using, just settled a class action suit for "Not clearing disputes in a timely manner , and for filing false information. I informed my prospective employer of this.Do you think I still have a chance of getting the job?	Employment Questions	New York
If you have signed an LLC that you will not be paid for months, are you eligible for unemployment benefits? In Massachusetts if you have recently signed an LLC that you will not be paid on for several months are you still eligible for unemployment benefits?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Any form letters available if house went thru bankruptcy and was discharged? House went thru bankruptcy and was discharged. Planning on walking away from house. Gmac says they need a formalletter of intent. Any form letters available?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can employer place someone on furlough? In a non collective barganing workplace, can an employer place someone on a furlough and then offer them a lower paid position during the furlough period?	Employment Questions	Virginia
What is the law in the state of Michigan regarding possessing a stun gun? What is the law in the state of Michigan regarding possessing a stun gun?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can an employer fire you for missing work due to hospitalization? In Colorado, can an employer fire you for missing work due to hospitalization?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Does infidelity mean anything in IL? Does infidelity mean anything in IL?	Family Questions	Illinois
Is my ex still responsible for any portion of mortgage payment if it&#39;s still in his name and he left the home? I am divorced and ex husband left the home and I still reside in the home with the children. But house still in both names. Is he still responsible for any portion of mortgage payment.	Family Questions	California
What should I do if I have the receipt for a deposit but the landlord won&#39;t return it? I put down a partial deposit for a place and now want it returned.  I'm not going to be able to move into it but nothing of any sort was ever signed to bind me to this place. Nothing states it's nonrefundable nor did the landlord ever state that it wouldn't be returned in the event I couldn't rent the place.  I have the receipt for the deposit to prove I paid it. Now he won't return it.  What should I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	Arizona
Am I entitled for unemployment when it is taken off my check each week? Am I entitled for unemployment when it is taken off my check each week?  I am a school district employee in PA.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there a way to go around the state law for kindergarten cut off age? Is there a way to go around the state law for kindergarten cut off age?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can we fire an employee who doesn&#39;t clock properly and shot me the finger? I had an employee riding the clock today for thirty min. When I confronted him, he said he was punched out. Ten minutes later I saw him again and I asked him if he was still here and he shot me the bird finger and got really argumentative. When i checked he was indeed not punched out. CAN WE FIRE THIS GUY? I really don't want him to collect unemployment.	Employment Questions	Georgia
Question regarding protest sale of property? I am going to protest sale of property free and clear. I still have lien on property that I filed motion. atty argued that since property was formerly LLC that I could not defend myself.	Real Estate Questions	Washington
What are the differences between NY and FL laws when it comes to visitation? My husband and I are going thru a separation and he abandoned his family and moved to Florida.  What are the differences between NY and FL laws when it comes to visitation? If I was to have everything set Thur NY would my x husband be able to keep my children without returning them back to me. Because of the difference between NY and FL laws?	Family Questions	New York
Mandated elsewhere if judge says mental health evaluation isn&#39;t documented on court order? If a judge says mental health eval but does not document it on the court order, is it mandated anywhere else?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Can my ex-wife take our daughter with her to live for 4 years without my permission? My ex-wife and I have joint custody on our 2yr old daughter. She just married for the third time in the past 3 years. He current husband is in the military and they are living on Moody Air Force Base in Valdosta, Ga. He just was informed by the Air Force that he has to relocate to Japan at the end of July(2012). Can my ex-wife take our daughter with her to live for 4 years without my permission and also not signing for a passport for our daughter? Again we have joint custody.	Family Questions	Georgia
How does a restraining order have to be legally served? Can it just be stuck in your door with no proof of ever receiving it?	Criminal Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Indiana
Can we use my late sister-in-law&#39;s social security check to pay bills? My sister-in-law died on 1-29 leaving nothing but bills.  I've already spent thousands on her funeral.  We received her Social Security check on 2-3 marked "for January".  Can we use this money to pay bills etc.? She had no bank account, simply cashed her checks each month at WalMart apparently.  Also, I've been told there is a small funeral payout from Social Security.  Can you shed any light on that?  Thanks.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Utah
If you file a joint tax return and your spouse has a judgement against them but they do not have a job or any income and does not have a bank acct or any property in their name can your tax refund be garnished? If you file a joint tax return and your spouse has a judgement against them but they do not have a job or any income and does not have a bank acct or any property in their name can your tax refund be garnished?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
What can I do about my financial strain when I pay for child support? I pay child support for my three children in Virginia between the Child Support deductions and deductions for health insurance which is court ordered my take home biweekly $397.00.  My gross is $ 1,050.00 biweekly.  Is this correct?  I can afford to pay a car note which I need to go to work to pay the support, insurance, phone and put gas in my vehicle.  Due to my full-time hours I am not able to get a part time job.  What can I do?	Family Questions	Maryland
Is it legal to work 12 hour shift when it&#39;s 8 hour shift? I'm a supervisor in a warehouse and even though my employees are on a eight hour shift my manager tells me that they have to plan that they are working a twelve hour shift and have to give us twenty four hours notice if they can only work thier scheduled eight hours. My question is that legal because I don't feel right when I'm told to write some one up because they worked their eight hour shift but the manager tells me and hour before the end of their shift that they have to stay late and they can't.Thank you	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal to remove a road someone lives on in IL? Is it legal to remove a road someone lives on in IL?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
How to add father&#39;s name to birth certificate? How to add father's name to birth certificate?	Family Questions	New York
Do I have a case if my employer denied my accident&#39;s reimbursement? Due to a restaurant's floors being extremely slippery, I fell and pulled a muscle. I was rushed to the hospital. Luckily, I am okay except soreness. I requested that the restaurant reimburse me for the ambulance cost and a missed day at work. They denied my request.  They mentioned there wasn't any negligence. Do I have a case?	Personal Injury Questions	District of Columbia
Is a person entitled to collect unemployment benefits if the co. has a long standing severance policy? If a person is laid off in Pa. and the company they worked for has a long standing severance policy, is that person entitled to collect unemployment benefits?	Employment Questions	New York
How long before I can file for disability due to an injury suffered in a car accident? How long before I can file for New York state disability due to an injury suffered in a car accident? I can not work at this time.	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Help me if a lady owes me $70,000? Can you help me? I am 71 years old, low income $ 619.00 a month and a lady owes me about $ 70.000.00. It's all the money I have to my name. She is able to pay it back, but doesn't want to. She has a home free and clear and a condo, plus 3 homes in Jamaica and has not made a payment to me since 12-2010&#x69;&#x5f;&#115;&#x69;&#101;&#x76;&#101;&#114;&#x74;&#64;&#121;&#x61;&#104;&#111;&#x6f;&#x2e;&#x63;&#x6f;&#109;.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it legal if your work company does prevailing wage jobs and deduct money without your consent? The company I work for does some prevailing wage jobs they deduct money for "davis bacon".  Is this legal if you do not consent?  Do you have to participate in this if you do not want to? I'm just a little confused how they can do this.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Law against evictions from an apartment with kids as residents as well as two adults? What is the Florida state law against evictions from an apartment with kids as residents as well as two adults	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can the employer cut your hours from 38 to 27 hours per week cause she feels like it? Can the employer cut your hours from 38 to 27 hours per week cause she feels like it? I Keep in mind I have been with this company for 3 years now. I budget my every week to pay certain bills. I haven't done anything to deserve this.	Employment Questions	Illinois
What is the law on contracts in Haiti? what is the law on contracts in Haiti?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
What percentage of retirement will I receive after 10 years of marriage to an military officer? What percentage of retirement will I receive after 10 years of marriage to an military officer?	Family Questions	Florida
If  I agree to something in mediation regarding visitation of my child and then change my mind, can I schedule another mediation to change it or do I have to go to court to get it changed? If  I agree to something in mediation regarding visitation of my child and then change my mind, can I schedule another mediation to change it or do I have to go to court to get it changed?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What happens when a parent dies and leaves everything to both children? What happens when a parent dies and leaves everything to both children? Everything divided 50/50 but one sibling has taken all assets and other sibling has paid all costs, funerals, cemetery taxes on properties, lean on home, insurance, and other bills. Does fifty-fifty mean outstanding debt also? Can sibling take all assets without sharing?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
I am trying to find out if an employer has the right to hold paychecks past pay date or if they can &quot;post date&quot; paychecks for several days past the actual pay date? I am trying to find out if an employer has the right to hold paychecks past pay date or if they can "post date" paychecks for several days past the actual pay date?	Employment Questions	Illinois
In Oregon can a landlord charge me for damage after they have returned my deposit? In Oregon can a landlord charge me for damage after they have returned my deposit?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Can I expunge an old criminal record? How do I expunge a twenty-two year old shoplifting record?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What is the best way for my parents to protect the money they have from creditors related to the identity theft? I am the POA for my parents.  They are victims of identity theft.  They recently sold their house and want to protect the money they have from creditors related to the identity theft.  What is the best way to do this?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If I resign in May, do I have the right to request the retroactive pay increase? In November, 2011,  I was asked to accept additional job responsibilities with a pay increase which I accepted.  To date (April, 2012) I have not received the rate increase.  If I resign in May, do I have the right to request the retroactive pay increase?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Am I breaking the law for advertising email? Based on the Can-Spam Act , an unsolicited email sent to an email address acquired through email harvesting methods is illegal. However, the law specifically says, " harvesting electronic mail addresses of the users of a website" is prohibited. My question is, if a website owner publishes his/her email address as a form of contact for the business can I send advertising email to that address without breaking the law?	Criminal Questions	California
Purchased diamond on auction site. I purchased a diamond  at ubid, turns out to be something else. I had the diamond sold!	Advertising Law Questions	California
How will the estate be decided if my sister is the executive of my our mother&#39;s estate since there is no will? My mother died and my sister and I are the remaining family survivors. My sister is the executive of my our mother's estate since there is no will. How will the estate be decided?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How do I lay my foundation out so I can enter my evidence in divorce court? How do I lay my foundation out so I can enter my evidence in divorce court?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
What action to take when mobile home seller fails to move? I just bought a mobile home from a seller who stated they will be out in 1 week, but it is going 2 more weeks. Do I need a officer to witness me giving them a 10-day notice to leave or face legal recourse? I live in Tennessee. I have title and bill of sale that mention when they are suppose to move.	Contract Questions	Tennessee
What can I do if my late ex-wife left me an insurance policy but her sister won&#39;t talk to me? My ex wife died in 2010 and I just found out she said she left me an insurance policy. But her sister won't talk to me. What can I do to find out what she left me?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How do we add my wife&#39;s previous last name as her new middle name in our marriage certificate? We just got married 1 month ago and finally received our marriage certificate. We were surprised to see that my wife's new name was missing the middle name. How do we add her previous last name as her new middle name in our marriage certificate?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What do I need to do to start the eviction process after I buy the condo on auction day? I'd like to buy a foreclosure property (ex. condo) in the public auction. The condo may still be occupied by the owner.  What do I need to do to start the eviction process after I buy the condo on auction day? How long does it usually take to evict?Thanks!	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
In a civil lawsuit, can a girlfriend of one year that you just moved in with, hold you financially responsible for emotional and financial hardship if you break up?	Administrative Law Questions,Family Questions	Arizona
Can I be evicted before July 31, 2012 if I don&#39;t pay July rent? I have received a "Notice to Quit and Vacate" by July 31, 2012. My question is can I be evicted before July 31, 2012 if I don't pay July rent?	Real Estate Questions	Maryland
Was there a special educational assessment law which  took monies from special districts? Was there a special educational assessment law which allowed Counties in Ca. to take monies from special districts, ie., water boards or fire districts, within the county to fund education in the early 2000 to 2008?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
Can I file a complain against someone I suspect of dating my wife in Maryland? Can I file a complain against someone I suspect of dating my wife in Maryland?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
Is it possible to make a custody agreement for my fiance&#39;s son to live with us without any court hearings? My fiance has a son. There is no custody agreement currently. The mother wants her son to come live with us and her to have visitation. She lives in DE while we live in MI. I want it to be legal agreement along with myself being able to legally make decisions too. She is okay  with forms but does not want any court hearings. Is that possible if so how do we go about doing this? Thank you in advance.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
How do I prove to social security that I was partners with my late husband without a written agreement? My husband and I were partners in a business  through a verbal agreement.  He died in a car accident several years ago.  How do I prove to social security that we were partners without a written agreement?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Do I have a case against the roofing company? First off, thank you for your time. I hired a roofing company after our wicked hail storms in April 2011. The contractor promised me $500 referrals, and to eat the $1k deductible. I gave him 8. He was too lazy to show to most. Some signed a contract, and later tore it up and went with someone else because he wouldn't keep appts. I tried to call numerous times to get issues resolved. They would call back months later only for payment, and forget the issues. It's not almost a year later, and they are now threatening over the phone. I got a letter from their lawyer out of TX. I live in KS. He is now demanding full payment including deductible, and not crediting my referrals. Nothing on the contract about referrals. Please help. Thanks!	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Still be prosecuted if I was behind in my child support but now paying for four months? I was a year behind in my child support payments but I'm now paying child support from my job for four months. Can I still be prosecuted?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Should the employer give the cost of the live to the employee every year? Should the employer give the cost of the live to the employee every year?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I get a divorce without coming back to Georgia? I left my wife on April 3rd of 2012. I moved to Tennessee. She is in Georgia. Can I get a divorce without coming back to Georgia and can it be cost free? I'm on disability on a limited income.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Tennessee
What can I do to get my constructive dismissal situation looked into and how do I keep from being ignored? hello. 2 years ago, I was singled out and picked on by a group of supervisors. I tried several things including my union and EEO and I documented several incidences. Finally I had enough and quit. Since then, I have gone through 7 agencies trying to get someone to look into my constructive dismissal situation. I kept being told to contact another agency. Others simply don't return my calls. My questions is what can I do to get my situation looked into and how do I keep from being ignored? If I could just be pointed in the right direction, it would be very appreciated.	Employment Questions	New York
Child Support Question? My husband and I are separating and I'm the one that has to leave the house. Do I have to go to court and ask for joint custody and child support before I leave since my husband thinks he does not have to give me anything? He makes 113k a year and I make 35k a year. I want to do a separation agreement before I leave. Is this a valid document? Please help.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Question regarding an owner/operator leasing to auto transport carrier? I am an owner/operator leased to auto transport carrier. A customer whose auto I transported will not pay and is avoiding calls. When auto was picked up customer said he would contact company to pay by credit card. I failed to verify before delivery. Since the contract was not between myself and customer but, I provided the physical move, what recourse do I have? The auto. Was transported from IL to CA and sold at auction.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
In a judicial foreclosure process is it mandatory that a defendant is defaulted before going forward on a summary judgment? In a judicial foreclosure process is it mandatory that a defendant is defaulted before going forward on a summary judgment?	Employment Questions	Florida
Does the name on the Will, first page and thru out the will need to match the signature name? Does the name on the Will, first page and thru out the will need to match the signature name?  Would this be a reason to contest the will?  for example:  John Brown, this is mylast will and testament....John Brown does leave this,.....etc etc.  But his real name is John Brown III, and his signature is John Brown the III.  No where in the will is he named John Brown III.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Tennessee
If my husband and I are divorcing, why is he making his sister power of attorney with the dept of treasury? My husband and I are divorcing. Why is he making his sister power of attorney with the dept of treasury? Will this give her access to my records on why I'm married to him?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Can I be able to move away from ex when we&#39;re dealing with a joint custody order? I am currently going through a divorce and have a joint custody order in process.  I want to move two hours away from my ex and he does not want me to move his son that far away.   I would be moving to better our lives and situation and have offered to bring his son back every weekend so that he can visit with him.  Is this against the law and how can I do this with minimal confusion?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What are the labor laws concerning breaks for 8 hours? What are the labor laws concerning breaks for 8 hours?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What can I do for wrongfully being fired? I have dual nationality. My ex employer had a contract with my European social security and filed my income on my U.S social security. They changed my contract in 2010-2011 from full time employment to free lance even though I continued working for them more that full time (45 - 50 hrs per week). This was a trick, so they could fire me few months later without providing any kind of compensation.I now have a note from the IRS to pay the remaining tax for last year. What are your suggestions? The company is involved with the oil industry and generates large annual earnings. The employer fired me in order to hire a friend's son to take my position. He doesn't have any related education.Thanks	Employment Questions	California
If I step down as a supervisor at my job can they take my pay? If I step down as a supervisor at my job can they take my pay? If so how much can thy take?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Does a spouse&#39;s income come in account while dealing with child support? Does a spouses income come in account while dealing with child support in Pennsylvania?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Should I hire a lawyer and take them to court or go to small claims if I&#39;m not able to return a product? I bought a bed frame from San Jose furniture warehouse on Monday afternoon. They delivered and set it up and it is way to tall. I have to jump to get up on the bed. I am so disappointed and I called to return the frame they said it's not possible to return it. I never signed a policy nor does it say on the receipt that they don't accept returns. I asked verbally what the policy is and he said if I don't like it I can return it. I'm so mad! I need to return this frame should I go drop it off? Should I hire a lawyer and take them to court or go to small claims? I should be able to return it.	Consumer Questions	California
Do I have to repay past child support if ex-spouse getting medical support for child? I have recently received a court order on past child support. My soon to be ex-spouse is getting medical support on my 16 yr old daughter and have been giving my soon to be ex-spouse child support payments weekly in a form of a money order.Can the state make me repay the payments ? Is it considered a gift the payments?	Family Questions	Arkansas
What rights do my son&#39;s father have concerning him if he&#39;s never there? I have a 15-month-old son who was born in Texas. At 3 months we moved to Missouri where all my family lives and we have been here ever since. His father signed his birth certificate and my son has his father's last name. However we are not and have never been married.  His father has never paid child support and I have not asked. He has not been in his life for the last five months and now he is threatening to come take my child and move back to Texas. I want to know who has custody of my son and I don't how I can get it quickly. What rights do my son's father have concerning him?	Family Questions	Missouri
Questions about estate planning? My sister is the personal rep for our mother's estate.  We have a very sticky lawyer working on the estate also.  I want to "pay" my sister for all the work she is doing as the PR.  The will states that all assets are to be divided evenly between the 3 heirs.  My questions are: 1. By giving the PR payment for services will that cause the lawyer to question that the will is not being followed?2. Would it be better to give the PR a larger part of the assets (stocks, bonds, etc) as payment, or take the payment off the top of the liquid assets after all other bills are paid.Thanks	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Ex files for custody after I request child support. I have had residential custody of my three children since 2004. I, for survival only, just took my ex for Child Support. He then immediately filed for a custody hearing and has admitted to me it's because I requested support. What is my next move as I cannot afford an attorney?	Family Questions	Ohio
How can I stop my ex from taking my son away during the divorce? My husband and I want a divorce. He says he is going to take our son away from me. How can I stop this? Also none of my family lives here. Can I move my son and me across the state where I have the support of my family?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can my wife get the house from me or be granted half of the equity in it if it&#39;s under my son&#39;s name? I live in Mississippi and I'm going through a divorce. My home is in my son's name. Can my wife get it from me or be granted half of the equity in it?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Am I allowed to distribute the money for the hospitals bills I owe from my accident? My lawyer received back part of my settlement check back from insurance company. Could you please tell me who that check would of been made out to, the lawyer or myself?   And am I allowed to distribute the money for the hospitals bills I owe from my accident?   Or does my lawyer HAVE TO?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Is it best to pay the originator of a payday loan or the collection agency/law firm that is attempting to collect the balance owed? Is it best to pay the originator of a payday loan or the collection agency/law firm that is attempting to collect the balance owed?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
Why does social security check your credit report? Why does social security check your credit report?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Shouldn&#39;t the deposit I let my landlord keep cover the ceiling paint and yard? I'm disabled and am moving. I forfeited my security deposit to the landlord, now she is telling me I have to paint the ceiling and weed wack the yard. Shouldn't the deposit I let her keep cover that?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Michigan
Is it legal for a company to have you work overtime, and then on your last scheduled shift of the week cut your shift by the number of overtime hours worked thus avoiding paying the overtime? Is it legal for a company to have you work overtime, and then on your last scheduled shift of the week cut your shift by the number of overtime hours worked thus avoiding paying the overtime?	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do If a person is being accused of being a legal informant &amp; fears that their family is in danger? If a person is being accused of being a legal informant and fears that their family is possibly in danger because of this, and feels that he/she is possibly being lead to believe these things so that later the accuser becomes the accused, what can you do? There's no help from anyone at all need advice ASAP. please help, thank you.	Criminal Questions	California
Is he being discriminated with the fact that he&#39;s slow? My boyfriend was working full time in a kitchen at an academy for troubled kids. He was told he was too slow but he worked on it and started working better. They moved him to part time and now are going to let him go. He has a disorder that makes him slower, which they knew. He has worked in kitchen for most of his life. Is he being discriminated? Because he can do the job, he just is a little slow. And he was never told after that moment that he wasn't doing this job. They always told him good job after his shift.	Employment Questions	South Dakota
Alimony I've been married for five years & separated for 2 and half? Can wife still get alimony? We both work full time.	Family Questions	Virginia
How can I stop charges on class A misdemeanor assault? I already signed an affidavit for non-prosecution. The police did not have good proof pictures and showed hardly anything. I am not hurt in any fashion.	Criminal Questions	Texas
Is child entitled to primary parent&#39;s possessions if parent dies? Dad and mom are divorced.  Has a 16-year old son.  Primarily lives with mom but dad has him twice a week and every other weekend.  Mom passed away.  Is son entitled to everything in the apartment?	Family Questions	Arizona
Can landlord keep security deposit after having to lower rent? Can a landlord keep a security deposit after a housing inspector told tenant the place was not worth what the landlord was asking for that they have to lower the rent in order for tenant to move in ?	Leasing Questions	Oregon
Does an employer have to give a copy of the contract signed by the employee upon being hired? In the State of Florida does an employer have to give a copy of the contract signed by the employee upon being hired?	Employment Questions	Georgia
In signing a &quot;Brief in Opposition&quot;, does an attorney sign as if it was an oath? In signing a "Brief in Opposition", an Attorney for the Commonwealth does not with that signature sign as if it was an oath? My signature signifies an oath of truthfulness yet an attorney for the Commonwealth signature does tell who submits it.	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Can our 18 year old claim herself as a dependent for 2011 tax year if she lived at home for the entire year? Can our 18 year old claim herself as a dependent for 2011 tax year if she lived at home for the entire year?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
Do I have legal recourse if I was fired for something I am not guilty of? Do I have legal recourse if I was fired for something I am not guilty of? I was fired for falsifying my medical record and I did not.	Employment Questions	New York
Can I still receive child support if the father&#39;s rights are legally terminated? I live in Michigan. I have two children and their father's rights are legally terminated. Can I still receive child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
Is my work situation with co-worker harassment? My co-worker put his finger on my head with a gun sign and told my other co-worker, "shoot her," this is harassment? My employer's action is only to discharge him and then bring him back to his shift, is this the right action? I don't feel good every time I go to work!	Employment Questions	California
At what age does a child in Alabama allowed to choose which parent they want to live with? At what age does a child in Alabama allowed to choose which parent they want to live with?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Louisiana
What are my rights as the custodial parent in regards to keeping my child from her father? What are my rights as the custodial parent in regards to keeping my child from her father until everything is taken care of in court?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Question about personal llc? I invested through a Ex-business partners personal LLC into a Restaurant that failed.Understanding;My ex-Partner is a contractor and was asked to invest in a deal he was building. He asked me participate through his LLC. He signed a PPM and Subscription doc to invest, never showed it to me and asked me to stay silent in the background. Nothing was signed between us. I wired some of the $55K investment directly to the deal and some through his LLC. He was not forthcoming with me as the deal started to fail while selling me that the deal was changing and more $ was needed. Once the failure was curtain, he demeanor changed and he pond me off to deal with the group directly. Do i have recourse on him as a non-credited investor over this?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Arizona
Is there any way to get the bio father off of child support if he signs over their rights to me? I live in Texas and my twins were born in California where their father lives. He can't hold a job so I'm lucky if I get $20 a month. Is there any way to get him off of child support if he signs over their rights to me?	Family Questions	Texas
Does the court of appeals have subject matter jurisdiction over the case until the appeal is resolved or is the lower court still allowed to enter orders and judgments while the case is in the appeals court? I filed an appeal during litigation, before final judgment was rendered. Does the court of appeals have subject matter jurisdiction over the case until the appeal is resolved or is the lower court still allowed to enter orders and judgments while the case is in the appeals court? The case is in Massachusetts courts.	Personal Injury Questions	Massachusetts
How do I make legal adoption?	Family Questions	Hawaii
Question about PTO? I live in georgia, working for a company that offers pto. I had an emergency come up and needed to take a day off. I put in for my schedule change and followed the correct procedure and they told me that pto is only going to be approved it you put in for it before the schedules are made. Our schedules are made 3 weeks in advance and have reviewed the pto policy and there is nothing about limitations on when you can take pto. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Could I get my dwi case dismissed by improper procedure? Could I get my dwi case dismissed by improper procedure? police let a person without license, a DUI, and no proof of insurance drive off with my truck without even informing me that he was without insurance or ID. Not only that he had been drinking and they failed to give him a proper sobriety test.	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
Who is responsible if the branches fall on my side and break something when the tree belongs to my neighbor? My neighbo'rs trees hang over on my property. Who is responsible if branches fall on my side and break something?	Real Estate Questions	California
Do you need a real state license to manage properties in Georgia? Do you need a real state license to manage properties in Georgia?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Is it legal to carry a fixed blade knife on your belt in Florida? Is it legal to carry a fixed blade knife on your belt in Florida?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Question concerning that non-compete clause is worded to prohibit access to opportunities in industry? Recently laid off from position.  Concerned thatnon-compete clausein prior employment contract is worded in such a way as to prohibit access to employment opportunities within industry.	Employment Questions	Virginia
Is there any way I can find out what was the cause of death for my sister? In 1983 my younger sister passed away. I was only 7 years old back then and my parents had just arrived to this country. I was recently speaking with my father about her death because of a dream I had with her. He informed me that she was taken to the emergency room at 7am the doctors told my parents they had to preform a surgery . They had to insert a tube down her throat. My father said surgery went well but that my sister never woke up from the Anesthesia. She had three heart attacks and didn't make it after the third one. Is there anyway I can find out what was the cause of death?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What does  it mean when your criminal case gets put on a dismissal calendar? What does  it mean when your criminal case gets put on a dismissal calendar?	Criminal Questions	California
Can a service legally break a contract because they want to make money from someone else? I entered into a vacation rental agreement in North Carolina. Now the owner informed me they are canceling that agreement and refunding our deposit because they wish to rent to someone willing to pay more. This is 4th of July week with not much availability elsewhere.  Can they legally break a contract because they want to make money from someone else?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Can the mother that lives in NY just take my son away even though I have a court order in NJ I had my son living with me for five years in New Jersey. Can his mother that lives in new york just take him away even though I have a court order in New Jersey?	Family Questions	New Jersey
Cam my wife pick up my child from her mother if I am at work on my visitation day? Cam my wife pick up my child from her mother if I am at work on my visitation day?	Family Questions	Nevada
Is it fair for one employee who was rushed to the emergency room to be docked 2 hours? Is it fair for one employee who was rushed to the emergency room to be docked 2hrs while the party took them was not dock any time?	Employment Questions	Texas
How can my former car be on the floor plan when I never signed any bank contracts? I never signed a fiance contract with a bank or dealership. I was given 30 days to come up with remaining down payment, but I gave the car back to dealership so I park it on the dealers lot. I asked for my old car back and was told that it was on a floor plan. How can this be when when I NEVER signed any bank contracts?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is it justifiable that the facility can refuse me to obtain with me any meals that I purchased? I am renting a facility for a function which I have to purchase meals. Is it justifiable that the facility can refuse me to obtain/take with me any meals that I purchased & people did not eat? it that legal?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
How much should I pay in child support for a 3 year old? Divorce in Fl.  Splitting parenting 50/50, I pay $776.00 for day care and $150.00 for health.  I make approx $11500.00 and she has no job but will get one making approx $1600.00.  With All monthly figures, How much should I pay in child support for a 3 year old?	Family Questions	Florida
How can I get custody of a child if she has 2 unfit parents and I&#39;m the stepmother? I am a stepmother to a 10 year old child who has 2 unfit biological parents. How can i get custody of her?	Family Questions	Indiana
Question about lock out and real estate? I purchased 4 acres 420x420 plus separate right of way. Right of way fenced by front neighbor. The rear neighbor took part of 420 & made a one lane shelled drive way & named it MELNI SMITH RD. The 3 addresses use the road. 17,18 & 32. daughter purchased #17. #18 tenant's has own right of way but continues to use melni smith road for convenience. #32 owns nothing but claims road is his and he uses for convenience only. He has another entrance he does not use. The sheriff makes us allow #32 to use melni smith road. I went to road co. county and the road director said melni smith road is not a legal rd. it is my daughter's private property w/no liens, right of way for others use. Sheriff will arrest me if I do not allow #32 & #18 to use? What is the lock out?	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
Am I allowed to get personal documents from past employers? Can I get, or allowed to get, personal documents from past employers? Like certifications that was gained by myself?	Employment Questions	Colorado
What can I do to leave my husband if I&#39;m financially dependent on him? I was married for the pass 14 years to my husband who abuse me physically, verbally, and emotional. I have two children age 6 and 12 years old, I want to leave my abuser but I am unable to leave because of financial problem. I have no family in this country and I am very tired of the way he treats me. He pays all the bills and whenever we have a problem he wouldn't give me any money so it's hard for me to take my kids and go. What are my rights and what can I do? please help me, Thanks a lot!	Family Questions	New York
Can I sell my husband&#39;s cars without his consent if he&#39;s possibly in jail? Hi my name is Cemmon Briggs and I would like to know if my husband is in jail for hitting me? Can I sell his Cars without his consent? Also I have the title to both vehicle.	Employment Questions	California
How to legally retrieve belongings? How can I legally retrieve my belongings from a home used to live in?	Real Estate Questions	California
Illegally adopted as child. I am the child of a psychotic parent (not diagnosed) that has found out that I was illegally adopted as a child and I want to know my legal rights. My biological father lived in Florida and my biological mother underhandidly knew this. She married and the man she married adopted me at the age of 9.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can my job fire me because I said I hate this place? Can my job fire me because I said I hate this place?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I get emancipated in New York state? My mother is trying to take my daughter away. On Monday my mother fought with me and slapped me in front of my daughter. My daughter is only 1 and I'm 16. I made a child protective services report on her but now she is taking me to court tomorrow trying to get custody. I would like to get emancipated but I'm not sure if you can in New York state.	Family Questions	New York
Possible that creditors cannot come after me for any possible owed debt if I am a legal resident of a state? A financial adviser stated that if I foreclose on my home in New Hampshire and move to Florida, creditors cannot come after me for any possible owed debt if I am a legal resident?	Real Estate Questions	New Hampshire
Can I get my money back if I I paid over $1000 on an eviction that never became court ordered? I paid over $1000 on an eviction that never became court ordered - can I get my money back? How long to request?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
What is the penalty for listing a third party conversation on the phone (jail,money?) What is the penalty for listing a third party conversation on the phone (jail,money?)	Family Questions	New York
Is it mandatory to work past your scheduled time? Is it mandatory to work past your scheduled time? Can any actions be taken if you choose not to stay?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Is it possible for me to ask for a L1 visa with the American company as sponsor? Hello LawPivotMy name is Brian Tobler, in the past 5 years I worked for a company located in the US through another company in Uruguay and my salary is paid by this last one, but I worked full time for the American company. I have managed persons directly in US and have information that proves that I'm working for this company (such as emails and documents).Is it possible for me to ask for a L1 visa with the American company as sponsor?	Immigration Questions	Minnesota
How does parental legal rights work? How does parental legal rights work?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can I get my son back that has been adopted out? Can I get my son back that has been adopted out? I believe he is unhappy and maybe in danger. What should I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What will happen if I haven&#39;t typed up the form for dissolution? What happens if the judge tells you the dissolution that you filed out is not filed? I go back to court tomorrow What will happen if I haven't typed up the form for dissolution?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What to do if workers can&#39;t separate my personal life from my professional life? I have been employed as the practice manager for a small group of surgeons for ten years. Until 3 months ago, when it was learned that I was having a relationship with one of the partners, the other two partners told me many, many times that I was the best thing that ever happened to their office! Since learning of my personal involvement with one of the partners, their treatment of me has been unbelievably awful. They cannot seem to separate my personal life from my professional life and have gone as far as to have ME interview and hire someone they would like to replace me.What options do I have?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Question regarding being served with a summons and went to court against a credit card debt company? I have been served with a summons and went to court against a credit card debt buying company. So far I have seen a list of charges with a total amount and anaffidavit documentsteering of knowledge of a contract and an account number. I have ask repeatedly for a copy of the original contract and received nothing. I reside in Michigan the original company was in MA. I can not seem to find specific requirements for collectors for this type of suit. I know there must be some.	Consumer Questions	Michigan
I signed a lease agreement for purchasing a car, and immediately decide not to purchase the car again. l couldn&#39;t get the car but I am receiving the bill from bank. What can l can do?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
Legal rights of spouse who is not legally separated of a spouse on hospice care? Legal rights of spouse who is not legally separated of a spouse on hospice care?	Family Questions	Georgia
My house was foreclosed and sold at auction. The credit union that bought the house (which also holds the home equity loan on it) now says I owe them for what they paid for the house at auction. Is this right? I thought once my house was foreclosed and the property sold, I owed nothing more.	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Does employer have rights to hold my salary? No call no show email my time sheet haven't been paid for Weeks. Does employer have rights to hold my salary? Called HR dept. left messages no response from them.	Employment Questions	California
If I sign a stipulation of dismissal, is the case over forever? I received a stipulation of dismissal form to send to lawyer representing a credit card company trying to sue me for money owed.  It is also without prejudice.  If I sign it, is the case over forever?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Problem with infesting apartment that the landlord neglected? I've been renting apt for16 months and my bed's leg went through the floor after lifting 2 layers of rug and 2 layers of lanolin and padding. I found the floor rotted through and the electric went out and let fell through paneling wall from mold. I called code and building inspection about me being sick at ER with sinus infection and chest pains treated for mold exposure. The building inspection was in house 6 months ago and past inspection. When I asked why he didn't notice 1 foot of mold eating away basement he said he wasn't looking for that. The code said he needed to get license electric and the building inspector let the landlord fix and patch walls and floors. He said he'll let this resolve now and let him fix electric and remove mold from basement. I had to paint and clean and now I am sick again with headache and coughing. Should landlord replace my bed  and curtains?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What do I do if the landlord ignores my request when the sound of pounding footsteps makes me anxious? What do I do if the landlord ignores my request when the sound of pounding footsteps makes me anxious?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Where I can find laws pertaining to massage therapy? Where I can find laws pertaining to massage therapy?	Commercial Questions	Florida
Who is responsible for parking tickets on the employer owned vehicle? In Illinois, who is responsible for parking tickets on the employer owned vehicle? Can the employer deduct ticket costs from your pay check?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How long does my employer have to pay me? How long does my employer have to pay me?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can my personal history photos be used against my boyfriend&#39;s divorce? If I have a boyfriend that's going through a divorce and his wife gets person history records can she use my private naked picture against him in court? Meaning actual photo. If so, can I sue her for misusing my pictures because my intentions was not for everyone to see and it belittles me as a person?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I be made to work on extra weekends? I work for a company as full time employee. Their policy indicates that I have to work two Saturdays a month, but they are making me work four Saturday a month. When I mentioned their policy to my suprvisor, he said that I do not want to have the job. Can they make me work four saturdays a month?	Employment Questions	Virginia
What steps do I need to take to get legal guardianship of my 14-year-old grandson when my daughter and son-in-law both are deceased? What steps do I need to take to get legal guardianship of my 14-year-old grandson when my daughter and son-in-law both are deceased?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Do I have any legal rights to alimony in Florida when I&#39;m in a gay relationship? I have been in a gay relationship for 30 years. Do I have legal rights to alimony in Florida?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
can my ex terminate the child support if we are getting back together? If my ex wife and I are getting back together, can she terminate the child support?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal for a company to to end my employment so abruptly when I&#39;m contracted? I began work for a company on 29 May 2012 as a contractor. My family and I moved from NJ to VA and was told the job would last to at least Sep 2013. Recently, however they told me the contract was ending and I should start looking for work in Sep 2012. They did not provide me with any moving cost expenses, and I would have never moved down if I knew the job was only for this short amount of time. Can I take legal action?	Employment Questions	Alabama
What happens if another will has been written   but original not changed? If a person has a trust which has a will in it, what happens if another will is written at a later date? But the trust has not been changed.	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is there any way to return the Deed back to the time share company &amp; default out of this dept? I have a timeshare that is paid for, for years, but have fallen way behind on maintenance fees to about $ 7,000.00. Is there any way to release/return the Deed back to the time share company & default out of this dept? The timeshare can't bring $3000.00 on the open market if sold today as I understand. Dan Mcculley.&#x64;&#x61;&#110;&#109;&#99;&#99;&#x75;&#108;&#x6c;&#x65;&#121;&#x40;&#x63;&#111;&#109;&#x63;&#97;&#x73;&#116;&#x2e;&#110;&#101;&#x74;, 303-669-5000.	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Up to what age does a parent have to pay child support? Up to what age does a parent have to pay child support?	Family Questions	New York
Is the complex responsible for making the window operable for safety reasons? I cannot open my child's bedroom window in my apartment.  Is the apartment complex responsible for making the window operable for safety reasons in the state of Florida?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
On a month lease can a landlord ask a renter to leave without a reason with a 30-day notice? On a month lease can a landlord ask a renter to leave without a reason with a 30-day notice?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can I ask for a no trespass order for my sister and her boyfriend who has destroyed property? I have a home in which I let my mother and sister live in for free. I pay the mortgage every month. My mother asked if I would allow my baby sister and her three small children to come and stay, because of financial problems that my baby sister was having. I allowed her to stay for $200 per month since 10/29/2010. Well since she's been at the home, she allows her boyfriend to come over and fight  and they both were destroying my property. At last she moved out, after her boyfriend broke the dining room table, and not wanting to hear me fuss about, she left without notice. I don't want her or her boyfriend to come to my property anymore.  What can I do. Do I have to get an eviction notice?  Or can I ask for a no trespass order for them?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Where to find a template for a will? Where can I find a template for a will, and if I find one, can a lawyer look it over and make certain it covers my estate properly?	Wills and Trusts Questions	BC
Should I have to pay rent next month if my stove has never worked and I&#39;m about to move? i moved into my apt 2 months ago and my stove has never worked. I'm ready to move at the beginning of next month. Should I have to pay rent next month?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
In an HOA community, are residents allowed to look over proxies after the annual election? In an HOA community, are residents allowed to look over proxies after the annual election?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What do I need to consider when hiring commission-only sales people? What do I need to consider when hiring commission-only sales people in Louisiana?	Employment Questions	California
Does my employer pay me for that accrued vacation time if I&#39;m quitting my job? I am quitting my job & I have accrued vacation time. Is my employer to pay me for that time?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I collect unemployment after filing bankruptcy on unemployment? Can I collect unemployment after filing bankruptcy on unemployment?	Employment Questions	Florida
What do I need to do to get a divorce to a person who I haven&#39;t seen in 7 years? I'm married to someone that I haven't seen in 7 years and I want to get a divorce so I can re-marry. What do I need to do?	Family Questions	Georgia
Forced to pay more child support than can afford. I am forced to pay more child support than I can afford.  What can I do?	Family Questions	New York
Do employers have to pay all vacation time to an employee if they have accumulated from year before? Do employers have to pay all vacation time to a employee if they have accumulated it from year before if the employee quits a month before their hire date after 5 years?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What do I do if my sister is not performing her duties as executrix of my brother&#39;s will? My sister, as executrix of my brother's will, is not performing her duties to get shares of common stock assigned to me. It has been 8 months since his death. What should I do ?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Minnesota
If you only get 1 hour and 40 minutes, do they have to pay you for a certain amount of time? If you are on the schedule to work and when you get there you only get 1 hour and 40 minutes, do they have to pay you for a certain amount of time?	Employment Questions	New York
Is it the landlord&#39;s responsibility to the mouse population down? Is it the landlord's responsibility to the mouse population down?  I had to throw my bed away due to a mouse infestation.	Real Estate Questions	Iowa
Is it possible to take a DNA test to find out who my biological father without any info on him? Is it possible to take a dna test to find out who my biological father without any information on him?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Should ticket with wrong address be dropped? If a ticket has a wrong address on it, should it be dropped?	Criminal Questions	South Carolina
Can my wife take my kids out of this state? Can my wife take my kids out of this state?	Family Questions	Georgia
How do I know if I am working in a hostile work environment? I feel like I am working in a hostile work environment.  How do I know?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Will I receive unemployment benefits for failing random drug screen? Will I receive unemployment benefits for failing random drug screen?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What rights do Foster Parents have in the court room? What rights do Foster Parents have in the court room?	Real Estate Questions	West Virginia
Can I get sued when there was no contract or verbal contract? Can I get sued when there was no contract or verbal contract?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Iowa
If the facility has allowed my grandmother to remain without treatment, is it legal? Hi, My grandmother is in a nursing facility, she is in the late stages of Alzheimer's Disease. She recently came up with a severe rash on several parts of her body. According to one of the nurses aids, she was having symptoms of a skin condition called "Scabies". This is a highly contagious skin mite that causes pustules  and severe itching. My question is, what can I do legally, if the facility has allowed my grandmother to remain without treatment, when a consent form was signed about two weeks ago by my mother(her caregiver), to have the treatment done?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can a properly executed Last Will be challenged by a family member? I wonder if properly executedLast Will and Testament(two witnesses, notarized) can be challenged by a disgruntled family member?	Family Questions	Florida
If I was in jail, do I have to pay back child support? If i was in jail, do I have to pay back child support?	Family Questions	Illinois
How long will It take for a divorce and what happens if my ex doesn&#39;t sign? I am an American male citizen residing in Denmark. My wife still lives in the United States. I would like to know how long will It take for a divorce and what happens if she doesn't sign?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	17
The day I get married, does my wife have half of my 401k? The day  I get married, does my wife have half of my 401k? Does any of it belong to my adult children in the event of my death?	Family Questions	Washington
If you get sent home early before you have work, do you still get paid? If you get sent home early before you have work for four hours, do you get paid for four hours?	Employment Questions	Georgia
When my oldest son goes into the military in June will his half drop off and my husband only being paying 319.00 for the 1 remaining child? My husband currently pays $638.00 a month in child support for 2 kids.  The oldest will go into the military in June.  He currently gets his half of the child support 319.00 sent to him. As is. he's 18 and still in school till June. Now when he goes in to the military in June will his half drop off and my husband only being paying 319.00 for the 1 remaining child?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
Can my son&#39;s ex-wife refuse to allow him to see his son and take half of their money? My son and his wife of 2.5 years have a 7 month old daughter.  His wife decided to leave him Thursday and she asked for a divorce.  She took the baby and more than half their money and moved out.  She is telling my son that he cannot see his daughter till the divorce is final because of his anger that he was showing when she left him.  Can she do that?	Family Questions	Arkansas
Can I be evicted for paying late? I rent a private home in Davie, Florida.  My original lease expired November, 2011.  My landlord is holding my last month rent and security.  My rent was always paid on the first.  However, now I have been paying my rent mid-month due to problems collecting child support.  I explained the problems to my landlord and she seemed okay but lately she seems angry.  I have never NOT paid rent.  Can I be evicted for paying late?  I have a 65 year old mother and 3 children 11, 16 and 17 living here with me.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How do I title an abandoned boat in my name? How do I title an abandoned boat in my name?	Consumer Questions	Florida
I just received a three day notice of eviction. I have never been late on my rent and we are as quiet as we can be with three small children. Our lease is up in January and we have already turned in our notice to not renew our lease. Can we be leagally evicted? We live in McKinney Texas.	Leasing Questions	Texas
Contract carried over when a union of employees change to another? When a union of employees changes from the union they are enrolled in to a different union, is the contract carried over as well?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is there a way not to pay child support if you don&#39;t have a job? Is there a way not to pay child support if you don't have a job?	Family Questions	Illinois
What do I need to do to stay within the law about custody or adoption? One of my co-workers (17) is pregnant and due May 2012.  She wants to give the baby up. I was asked to take the baby. What do I need to do to stay within the law about custody or adoption?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Question about worker&#39;s compensation insurance company? If you break your glasses or other equipment when you have an accident at work, should the company's Worker's Compensation insurance company pay for repair or replacement?	Personal Injury Questions	Oregon
How many breaks do you get for working 12 hours? How many breaks do you get for working 12 hours?	Employment Questions	New York
Do I have rights to fight for backwage? Worked for big construction co. in NYC. Had to work on union jobsites almost everyday. Told I was lucky to have a job. Unfair treatment for 12 yrs. Finally I quit and was denied unemployment benefits but eventually won through court proceedings. Do I have rights to fight for backwage?	Employment Questions	New York
I live in Vermont and I made a security deposit for an apartment. One week before I was going to move in, I changed my mind and canceled. Can I get my total security deposit back or I lost it? Thank you.	Leasing Questions	Vermont
Can a judge court order the father of my children to sign over his right? I want to know if I can get a judge to court order the father of my 2 children to sign over his rights? He isn't in their lives and refuses to help in any way.	Family Questions	Utah
Do I still have rights concerning my 18-year-old son in high school? My son is 18 and still in High school. Do I still have rights concerning his schooling?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can you be fired because of your heath if you are able to do the job? Can you be fired because of your heath if you are able to do the job?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can the custody change after the divorce? Can the custody change after the divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
How many hours can someone work without overtime? How many hours can someone work without overtime?	Employment Questions	Georgia
How do I get my security deposit back? I would like to get my security deposit back. But they say I have to get it from my ex girlfriend because she was the first signer. They never informed us of that when we signed.	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I get out of my state driving contract? How do I get out of my state driving contract?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Does property management require a real estate license? Does property management require a real estate license?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
lawful to terminate after I was on leave of absence following a doctor&#39;s order for healing process? Wrongful termination: I was on leave of absence following a doctor's order for healing process. Is it lawful to terminate in this situation.	Employment Questions	Georgia
What is the difference between a dissolution and a divorce? What is the difference between a dissolution and a divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
Employment regarding no breaks? I work for a service dept. We are required to work a few Saturdays a month with a day off during the week. The hours are 9-5 with NO BREAK for lunch. Staff eats at their desk while working.  There is no bathroom breaks as well. We have to determine if it's not to busy to leave our stations / desks. Please let me know if this is legal. We are hourly employees. Id like to remain anonymous.	Employment Questions	South Carolina
I have a question about juror service in Massachusetts? I have a question about juror service in Massachusetts. MGL ch 234 section 1 states that as a member of a fire department, I am exempt from service. The Office of the Jury Commissioner disagrees, citing MGL 234A. Why would chapter 234 not apply?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If one of our employees put advertising on his car for a competitor, Can we fire him or ask him to remove it? We are an employer for a service based company. One of our employees put advertising on his car for a competitor. Can we fire him or ask him to remove it?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Does my blog belong to the Christian ministry if I wrote for them and can no longer pay me? I wrote a blog 5 days a week for a Christian ministry for over 3 years.    I never had a contract.  Now they are in financial straights and can no longer pay me.  I would like to continue doing the blog, but does it belong to them?  Must I give them the password information and lose all control over a product that I created and maintained?  I was paid as an independent contractor to do it, so now that I am no longer being paid by them, can I call it my blog now?	Employment Questions	Florida
How does the law in Washington State view exculpatory clauses in business contracts? How does the law in Washington State view exculpatory clauses in business contracts? Are they viewed as enforceable?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Washington
Can a landlord collect late fees on an expired lease they want to go back over the last 1 1/2 years? Can a landlord collect late fees on an expired lease they want to go back over the last 1 1/2 years? I signed new lease in May.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I have a case if I was injured on a job and I had to have surgery? I was injured on a job back in Nov. and I had to have surgery. Do I have a case?	Personal Injury Questions	California
In New York state, can I tell my landlord to use my security deposit as final month rent? In New York state, can I tell my landlord to use my security deposit as final month rent? I am vacating and am not in a lease.	Real Estate Questions	New York
If my girlfriend and I were to break up, who would get the house when her name is on the title with me? I bought a house and my loan is the only one on the loan but my girlfriend is on the title with me. If we were to break up, who would get the house?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
How long should I wait to receive the money if I won an order on objections to garnishment? I won an order on objections to garnishment on  June 27th. The order said to immediately release all withheld funds to the defendant. I had filed a chapter 7 bankruptcy. How long should I wait to receive the money?	Consumer Questions	Texas
Is it legal to be served a summons from another county? is it legal to be served a summons from another county?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Am I within my legal rights to refuse the father of picking up our daughter when he has no license? I am the non-custodial parent and the father is driving with no license to get her. Am I within my legal rights to refuse letting him get her?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
Is there any way I can get the money or is it a lost cause if a former employer owes me money? I worked at a salon and have quit my former employer. They still owe me around $70 that he shorted me on my next to last check. Is there any way I can get this money or is it a lost cause?	Employment Questions	Florida
Do I have a chance of getting my money back and taking the car back if the motor needs to be replaced? I purchased a car from a private owner. I Found out 4 days later that the motor will need to be replaced. I was not told of this problem when I asked the owner of any issues with the car at the time of purchase. I want to either take the car back or have the previous owner give me the money to cover the cause to replace the motor. He did not respond to my phone call. I'm in the process of taking him to small claims court. Do I have a chance of getting my money back and taking the car back?	Consumer Questions	Oregon
What does it mean with leave to renew upon motion to reconstruct? I went to court to ask for more time to move and the desk clerk said notice of petitioner couldn't be found. I mailed it off with leave to renew upon motion to reconstruct. What does that mean?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Question regarding our townhouse with the cost of termite treatment? Termite problemWe own a townhouse and this townhouse has 4 units. Our neighbor found that she has termite dust in her closet and she would like to do termite treatment.  She was able to pursue the other two units to do treatment and share the cost, but we don't want to do it because we don't believe we have termite and think that she can just do a spot treatment to her home.  She's now suing us in small claim court to share the cost, $700. HOA doesn't cover the termite. Our HOA recently has change the new roof to our townhouse. Our share wall are bricks as well.  I would like to know if I obligate to pay for this share cost and do I have a case?  Can we ask the judge/her to do spot treatment?Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I have a lawsuit against the cosmetic company if I get laser eye surgery? I purchased an undereye corrector (makeup). After three to four weeks of using it I got eye floaters/dark spots that I can see at all times. My eyes are tired and hurt because of that. I will have to live with that the rest of my life or have a laser eye surgery. Do I have legal grounds for a lawsuit against the cosmetic company?? Thank you.	Consumer Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Can condo force me to pay for cable due to former manager&#39;s deal with Comcast? I live in a condo for 8 yrs. The bldg notified us that everyone must have cable and pay.  This is a result of the former manager who cut a 5 yr deal w/ comcast, $35 for all units or no deal. The bldg is losing money b/c 100 units don't pay for cable. Can they insist I have to pay for and have cable?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Who&#39;s entitled to get the paid in full home? My dad and stepmother married in 1988 and acquired a home. They divorced in 1996 and the state decrees that my dad gets the home upon exclusion of a quick claim deed. Then they remarry a year or so later, then my dad dies a few years later. Who's entitled to get the paid in full home?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oklahoma
What are some reasons  that can allow me to emancipate my mom? What are some reasons  that can allow me to emancipate my mom? I am 15 years old.  Can I use past physical abuse?	Family Questions	California
Would the fact of participating in a settlement affect my future job opportunities? Would the fact of participating in a settlement affect my future job opportunities? The company was sued for not providing with regular lunch brake hours free of duty. The company's lawyer ignored the accusation for months, so the jury set a settlement for the employees to close the case.	Employment Questions	California
What are the Oregon adverse possession requirements? We have been living on our property since 1989. I have a dirt road that I paid equipment operators to make, for maint. and fire break. Today the golf course (owner of property) surveyed the prop. lines and a corner of my road is on there property. I honestly did not know and asked the owner if we could work something out. He basically said "move your road". I have spent a lot of money on this property in maint. and none on the property that I thought the golf course owned. What are the Oregon adverse possession requirements?Thank You,Ed Jennings	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
How do I get 12500a expunged? How do I get 12500a expunged?	Employment Questions	California
What are my rights if my home in Indiana is being sold at a sheriff&#39;s sale when I paid my rent? I rent a home here in Indiana. I have only been there 4 months and I have paid my rent faithfully. Yesterday the sheriff showed up with papers that the home is being sold at a sheriff sale on 8/29. What are my rights? I paid my deposit and I had to paint and clean before I could move in and I paid for all that out of my pocket.	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Can I sue the hospital after discovering they violated a federal code? My daughter was a depressed person who had previous suicide attempts. She died taking methadone with her prescription drugs. The night before she died she was found at work unconscious, resuscitated and taken by ambulance to Good Samaritan Hospital.  She signed out AMA while still in need of treatment. She died hours later at home. I felt that the hospital was neglectful in allowing her to leave in her physical and mental state. 3 lawyers wouldn't take the case and I was too upset to look for more. I filed a complaint with the Dept of Health.  3 years later the case is closed. The hospital was found in violation of Federal Code 489.24, Stabilizing Treatment, and was cited by Dept. of Health. Can I sue them at this point?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Do I need to redo my power of attorney if mine and my daughter&#39;s address have changed? I have already done a power of attorney, but I need to know if I have to redo it because mine and my daughter's address have changed.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Louisiana
Can I be denied unemployment because I&#39;m an educational worker, but I&#39;m just a crossing guard? I was denied unemployment because the letter stated that I was an educational worker. I am a school Crossing Guard, but I do not work for the schools. I work for the City of Decatur Police Dept. My salary is paid by the Police Dept. I am out of work, because the schools are closed. I filed an appeal. Is there any legal or advice you can give me.	Employment Questions	Georgia
What are my rights and my baby&#39;s dad&#39;s rights? What are my rights and my baby's dad's rights? We broke up. He might not be the father and he knows that he's not on the birth certificate. Does he have rights?	Family Questions	Oregon
What to do if living with my family as a minor becomes really crowded? I'm 17 and life with my mom, my 29 year old sister and her two kids moved back in. She took over my room and now I sleep on a couch or with my mom. Very close family friends offered to take me in. I need to move out for my health but I don't want to go through the court and I know my mom will not let me just move out without it being legal. I've heard you can at  17 but wasn't completely sure? Any help would be wonderful thank you	Family Questions	California
How do I stop the foster care from terminating my daughter&#39;s parental rights &amp; putting up for adoption? How do I stop the foster care workers from terminating my daughter's parental rights and putting her kids up for adoption?  They are in foster care right now. This is in NY.	Family Questions	New York
Any way I can adopt my grandchildren if their dad just doesn&#39;t want to pay child support? I have joint custody of my grandchildren and their dad wants to take them back because he doesn't want to pay child support any more. Is there any way I can adopt them for they will be mine for sure?	Family Questions	Virginia
Do I have to keep an escrow account and why would we still pay PMI if the loan was not reaffirmed? We were released from our mortgage thru bankruptcy.  We have continued to make payments even though our loan was never reaffirmed but my question is do I have to keep an escrow account and why would we still pay PMI if the loan was not reaffirmed?  We also had issues paying last year and did receive a demand letter.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How can my husband find out if his deceased parents left a will? How can my husband find out if his deceased parents left a will? He has two sisters who for some reason will not speak with him.They owned a house where one of his sisters also resided.	Family Questions	Virginia
Legal for my ex to register our son in another school behind my back if he is already registered ? I am separated with my fathers dad. I registered my son in preschool and he starts august 24th. We share parenting time but i do have more parenting time then him. My address is my sons primary address. He is trying to say that he wants our son to go to preschool in his area. Which I don't want. Is it legal for him to register our son in another school behind my back if he is already registered in another preschool?	Family Questions	Colorado
Is there a law as to when you or should you receive a raise of pay from your employer? Is there a law in the state of Colorado as to when you or should you receive a raise of pay from your employer? If so, how much percent and how often?	Employment Questions	Colorado
What can I do if I was fired for giving my brother a box of honeybuns? i was fired for giving my brother a box of honeybuns. He is a diabetic but the nursing home gives him sweets that is not sugar-free. What can I do about this?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Since my ex moved out and left his things, do I have the right to keep them? My boyfriend and I were together for nine years.He moved out in May of this year and moved in with his girlfriend which is now his new wife. They just got married a couple of weeks ago. What I want to know is when he moved out in May he didn't take all his stuff. He still has some clothes, furniture, tools and a few little things. Since he moved out and left his things, do I have the right to keep them? Does he have the right to come back and get them? Sincerely, Chris	Family Questions	California
What can be done when a child is being bullied and the school does nothing to stop it? What can be done when a child is being bullied in school in Illinois and parents go to the school and nothing is done to stop it?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Can they evict me out of my apartment in two weeks if I have paid them for this month rent? Can they evict me out of my apartment in two week if I have paid them for this month rent?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What are the chances of me having custody if my wife is in rehab and I currently have our daughter? My wife is in rehab for a year and I have our 3 year-old-daughter. What are the chances of me having custody?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can an auto dealership sell a car that is not inspected in New York state? Can an auto dealership sell a car that is not inspected in New York state?	Consumer Questions	New York
Can I sue him for breach of contract and slander or Libel for calling me vile? I am a TRANSGENDER WOMAN and formally owned cabinet making equipment in Wisconsin. The person who bought the tools when I had to sell shop  agreed to let me use them verbally. when he found out I had a gender reassignment surgery, he not only refused to let me use the equipment now but he also called me very VILE and he needed to quote me SCRIPTURE from the BIBLE. I am a believer as he is but he still refuses. Can I sue him for breach of contract and slander or Libel for calling me vile?   thank you	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Wisconsin
How do I get my daughters back if my ex has half custody of them over one little thing? How do I get my daughters back if my ex has half custody of them over one little thing?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Question about interstate child support? Hello,My name is Frank and I have a question about interstate child support.  I have filed a motion for a modification of arrears in my current state. The original order was from VA. and I currently resided in NC. on the court date will they give me a chance to make payments or what are my choices.  The case at hand is over 30 years old. I thank you for your help in advance.	Family Questions	North Carolina
If I was classified as a marketing manager, am I entitled to travel time pay? If I was classified as a marketing manager, am I entitled to travel time pay? For the past three years I have traveled to china for months at a time, and was only provided meals expenses of 50 dollars. Does my time on the airplane mean anything?	Employment Questions	California
How do I need to go about to get full custody? How do I need to go about to get full custody?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I was fired from my job for complaining about discrimination that I witnessed on the job? I was fired from my job for complaining about discrimination that I witnessed on the job?	Employment Questions	Virginia
What rights do I have as an unwed father? What rights do I have as an unwed father? I live with my son and fiancee but things are going badly. I want to fight for custody.	Family Questions	New York
X-Arsenio Patricio&#39;s Confidential Question I,m the third cosigner on a house and live here and paying rent for 12 years.The first cosigner wants to sell the house do i get any money when he sale's the house.	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Can I get a divorce in the courts with my medicaid? Can I get a divorce in the courts with my medicaid?	Family Questions	New York
How long does my late brother&#39;s guardian has to wait for the judge to release his estate? My brother who was a disabled veteran, had a court appointed professional guardian, even though he lived with my mother. He died in June 2012. His guardian showed us papers stating what my brother had saved over the years. His guardian said he had to file the papers with the court and wait for the judge to release his estate. Do you know how long this usually takes? This is in the state of Florida.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What can I do if my daughter&#39;s dad won&#39;t let me see her? My daughter's dad won't let me see her. What can I do?	Family Questions	Indiana
Father allowed to take our daughter out of state on vacation without my permission if I have full custody? I have full legal and physical custody of my daughter and her father is on the birth certificate and has parenting time set up for every other weekend. My question is, is he allowed to take her out of state on vacation without my knowing/permission? As far as I know, we have nothing written up in agreement to this.	Family Questions	Michigan
What is my next step I should take to make sure my kids live with me and continue school here? My wife walked out on our marriage, made me refinance the mortgage to get her name off of it. She is now filing for divorce, already in a relationship only 5 months after leaving me.We have two sons that we shuffle around between my house and her apartment.She is now talking about moving two hours away. What is my next step I should take to make sure my kids live with me and continue school here?	Family Questions	New York
Can I legally trash my ex-girlfriend&#39;s stuff if she hasn&#39;t picked it up at all? My ex girlfriend moved out about two months ago and left most of her belongings behind. I have tried several times to get her to come get her stuff but she says she will but it has been 2 months. Can I legally trash the stuff? I have new things of my own I want to move in and I have no storage for her.	Real Estate Questions	Iowa
How hard would it be for a mother to get custody of her child she lost custody of in 2005? How hard would it be for a mother to get custody of her child she lost custody of in 2005?	Family Questions	Kentucky
How to end a civil union legally with my ex-partner? I have a civil union with my ex partner, and I need to know how to end the civil union legally in Illinois?	Family Questions	Illinois
Am I responsible for my wife when she has credit cards in her name? Am I responsible for my wife when she has credit cards in her name?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a mother sue for child support after the father relinquished all rights and dropped it 3 years ago? Can a mother sue for child support after the father relinquished all rights and she dropped the support order 3 years ago?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have any recourse to my employer if I have not received a review in over 2 years? Do I have any recourse to my employer if I have not received a review in over 2 years?	Employment Questions	California
If a tree straddles a property line, what is my responsibility for maintenance? If a tree straddles a property line in IL, what is my responsibility for maintenance?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Can a man be made to pay child support on a child, not biologically his, if it is living in the same house as his biological child? In the state of Georgia, can a man be made to pay child support on a child, not biologically his, if it is living in the same house as his biological child? The father and mother are not married and not living together, he pays child support on his bio child but someone told him they could make him pay on the other child.  The other child is already receiving support from the father.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Mexico
Can I sue my landlord for inadequate lighting on the property after there have been several break-ins?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do if falsely bought a house with bats? Bought a house in Oct-2011 found out that the house has bats & the owner of the house didn't say a word. In fact he was gonna get the house treated, but then said no because he sold the house.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If I was a minor during the time of a car accident, am I still held responsible later on as an adult? I was 14 when two of my adult family members were in the car with me when I backed into a house. Now that I'm 22, I can't get my license because I was told I owe $24,000. Being that I was a minor, why am I being held responsible?	Personal Injury Questions	District of Columbia
question about custodial parent? I am a custodial parent and I want to move from California to Arizona with my fiance who is my youngest son's dad. He is already there with a good job and a place I am going through a custody battle with my oldest son's dad. He has visitation rights but is disagreeing about the move. What can I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What are my rights as recently divorced from a restationed husband? My husband and I want to get a divorce. This last year, I had to quit my job and stay home with the kids because he got restationed. I just want to know my rights and what I can and can't do, and that he doesn't try to take advantage of the situation.	Family Questions	Virginia
Does my landlord have to go through the eviction process? My lease was up on 02/26/12. I am still living in the property but unable to pay rent as I am out of work. I received a letter from  a real estate investor stating that he acquired the property and has given me 10 days to vacate given that there is no lease in place. Is this legal or does the landlord have to go through the eviction process?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Is there a way I can get my original birth certificate that shows my biological father? I live in Los Angeles. My mother left my birth father and remarried. I was later adopted by my stepfather. My birth certificate was changed to show  my stepfather as my birth father. Is there a way I can get my original birth certificate that shows my biological father? I was born in Los Angeles. My birth father is deceased.	Family Questions	California
Does the new New York state compensation law apply to injuries that occurred in 2004? Does the new New York state compensation law apply to injuries that occurred in 2004?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Does a employer have to give a employe notification when they get demoted and get a pay cut? Does an employer have to give an employee notification when they get demoted and get a paycut? If so how long of notification?	Employment Questions	Texas
Can my new wife be ordered to pay spousal support to my ex-wife, I was in a 17-year marriage, divorced in 2005, ordered to pay spousal support til death or remarriage. I have re-married and lost my job in Oct. 2011. I filed a change in circumstances in Oct. court is set for Jan. 17. My question is can the court order my new wife to resume the spousal support payments until I'm back to work?  My ex-wife gets $255.00 monthly, due to an overpayment I paid in child support, which has since been terminated.	Family Questions	California
Can my spouse claim the money he gave me during 2011 as as a tax deduction being that we are still legally married? Can my spouse claim the money he gave me during 2011 as as a tax deduction being that we are still legally married?  We have been separated since December 2010.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
How do I file for an emergency hearing as I cannot wait a month to be seeing in court? I have a civil garnishment. i filed for an exemption, its now going to court. How do I file for an emergency hearing as I cannot wait a month to be seeing in court?	Employment Questions	California
Can I able to decreases my child support or can it able to stay the same as I was paying from last 4 years? I have 4-year-old daughter, I am paying child support.  But the mother of my baby want me to pay more as she 2 more children from a different father. However on my paperwork, she includes all three kids and their expenses.  Can I be able to decrease my child support or can it able to stay the same as I was paying from last 4 years?  I think I am paying too much and I also have my own expenses and responsibilities.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
After 46 years, how does the state of Michigan deny my brother an I.D. with all the confusion? At age 3, his mother remarried and changed his last name from birth name to new husband's last name.   He is disabled and now 49 years old.   He has a social security card, social security and disability income  and California I.D. in the step-fathers last name. Also he's never used the birth last name since the age of 3 and now has moved to the state of Michigan and the state refuses to give him an I.D. He knows not of his birth last name and has no documents or anything with the birth last name.  He only knows himself as the last name it was changed to when his mother married  46 years ago.  So after 46 years , how does the state of Michigan deny him an I.D. I'm his sister.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Can the company arbitrarily make blanket changes without written cause or documentation? In Florida I work for a company that was paying me $1000.00 a week as a salaried manager.  This week the company made a general statement that there are going to be pay cuts.  I am the highest paid manager and this pay cut would be for 60% of my base salary and add in minimal commissions to where it would be next to impossible to make 80% of my current salary max.  When I came back to this company my salary was negotiated and put in writing.  There was a piece of paper handed out showing this new pay rate schedule to all managers however nothing was signed and there are not any negative job performance reviews.    Can the company arbitrarily make these blanket changes without written cause or documentation?	Employment Questions	Florida
What is the statute of limitation on a person robbing another person and assaulting them in NY? What is the statute of limitation on a person robbing another person and assaulting them in NY?	Criminal Questions	New York
How do I start the process of signing my parental rights over to my children to their mother? How do I start the process of signing my parental rights over to my children to their mother?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How many days does a judge have to give a tenant to move after the eviction verdict for non-payment? How many days does a judge have to give a tenant to move after the eviction verdict for non-payment?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What websites can be used to find point of authority for libel? What websites can be used to find point of authority for libel?	Criminal Questions	District of Columbia
What procedure to do when your wife do not sign divorce papers? What will happen if your wife does not sign the divorce paper after you have paid your lawyer fee?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can I get my money back and agree to make a consistent payment? Social security claimed my federal income taxes for an overpayment. I was in a payment plan that was not consistent but I am up to date. I was going to use that money to pay back rent. I do not want to be evicted. Can I get my money back for that and agree to make a consistent payment?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Regulations regarding phlebotomy course? is there regulations in the state of Florida regarding phlebotomy course that would not allow a student continue with, or make class time and tests after being hospitalized?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I file for divorce? How do I file for divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
How many hours can an employer make me work? How many hours can an employer make me work?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
We have a difficult situation. My husband had a one night stand and had a baby with a crazy stranger. The child is in foster care. We were just wondering if he signed his rights over would he still have to pay support?	Family Questions	Indiana
Can work make you go on maternity early due to small restrictions such as do heavy lifting and working no more then 35 hours even though my position is only suppose to work 30-35 per week? Can work make you go on maternity early due to small restrictions such as do heavy lifting and working no more then 35 hours even though my position is only suppose to work 30-35 per week?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
What do you do when your employer does not want to pay your final pay? What do you do when your employer does not want to pay your final pay?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Vacate the trailer home cause any violation? I rented a trailer home on march 1st 2012. The landlord put a notice on all doors of every trailer in the park (about 75 homes) that the homes in the park had been sold and we need to vacate no later than May 12, 2012. A formal 30 day notice to vacate. What can I do? I have found another place to go but doesn't this violate the contract? Can I sue?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Do all union board members have to sign a contract for it to be binding? Do all union board members have to sign a contract for it to be binding?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What does it mean if all 3 siblings granted power of attorney for mother? Power of Attorney for mother 3 children.  It basically says "I grant POA to A, B and C."   Nothing indicates an order other than this list.  The three siblings are interpreting this document to mean all three of them can exercise any of the powers listed.  Is this what that language means?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
Is there anyway I being outside that I&#39;m able to get my husband some medical care in prison? My fiance got hurt in the prison yard and is being denied medical care. He thinks he dissipated his hips because he cannot walk. He called and spoke with medical myself they say if you still feeling pain by Thursday to let him see a doctor. So my question is: is there anyway I being outside that I'm able to get him some medical care?	Criminal Questions	Rhode Island
Can I claim adverse of possession if my friend doesn&#39;t want the property? I live in North Carolina and I have been paying property tax for the last four years. A friend of mine told me there is a form I need to file call possession of property. This property belongs to a friend of mine and she doesn't want it. Can I clam adverse of possession?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
If a house is in your name before you get married and your new spouse owes back child support, can the State of Illinois put a lien against your home? If a house is in your name before you get married and your new spouse owes back child support, can the State of Illinois put a lien against your home?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Will I be forced to pay  for the vet bill if my neighbor claims my dog bit his dog but he has no proof? My neighbor claims my dog bit his dog but he has no proof. Now he expects me to pay his vet bill. Will I be forced to pay?	Personal Injury Questions	North Carolina
In MA can an employer use vacation, sick or personal time without any employee&#39;s knowledge? In MA can an employer use vacation, sick or personal time without any employee's knowledge? My employer overpaid me by their mistake in 2011. In 2012 8 hours vacation showed as used on my paycheck.  Is this legal for them to take that time without my knowledge. Payroll never informed me of this practice, waited for me to bring it up after seven (7) weeks.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If I draw my late husband&#39;s social security and I die, who gets to draw our social security? If I draw my late husbands social security and I die, who gets to draw our social security? All the kids grown and married.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Mississippi
If I married my non-immigrant boyfriend, would I still get my benefits? I am an American citizen and I'm getting government benefits. If I married my non-immigrant boyfriend, would I still get my benefits? and also, am I not taking his last name?	Family Questions	New Jersey
How can we remove the 19-year-old from our property who is unemployed? I have a 19 year old nephew who is unemployed and lives with his mother in a house that is owned by several heirs. How can we remove the 19-year-old from the property?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
If I was laid off due to budget cutbacks, when can the employer fill the position? I was laid off due to budget cutbacks. How and when can they legally fill the position I was in?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Lender has not yet received car title with lien 30 days after purchase. I recently bought a car from a dealership. It has been over 30 days and my lender has still not received the title because there was a lien on it and it is still under previous owner's lender. Did the dealership have the right to sell me that car and am I required to keep this car?	Consumer Questions	Nebraska
Can Illinois order a parent to pay child support when the child reside in Canada? Can Illinois order a parent to pay child support when the child reside in Canada?	Family Questions	Illinois
Once I start working again here in Denmark, will I have to pay my child support by mail? I relocated to Denmark from the USA, where it could take 2-3 months to receive my working papers. This will cause my child support to fall into arrears. What are my options? Once I start working again here in DK, will I have to pay my child support by mail, or will employers here deduct it from my paycheck just like in Pennsylvania?	Employment Questions	17
If I sign the release, what recourse will I have in the event they neglect to mail a check? I am the plaintiff in a small claims lawsuit against an air conditioning company who installed an a/c in my home which malfunctioned, leaked on my wood floors, and caused some damage.  I have reached a settlement agreement however to receive the check I must sign a release which states I have received payment but I have not yet received a check.  If I sign the release, what recourse will I have in the event they neglect to mail a check?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How do I account for the deposit that I paid for our first home with separate property? For filling out FL160 for Separate Property Declaration, how do I account for the deposit that I paid for our first home with separate property?	Family Questions	California
Does a collection agency have the right to take all the money you have in the bank? I wanted to know if a collection agency has the right to take all the money you have in the bank? They were taking it out of my paychecks and stopped that 2 weeks a go. Then Friday, they cleaned my bank account out and left me owing 35.00  and took all but .43 in my savings/	Family Questions	Michigan
Who keeps the snakes if my boyfriend bought snakes as a gift? My boyfriend bought snakes as gift. He lives with me and I take care of them. Who keeps the snakes?	Family Questions	Florida
In Michigan, do you have to have a special permit or a certain age to ride a moped? In Michigan, do you have to have a special permit or a certain age to ride a moped? Are there any restrictions or regulations one may need to know about before buying/riding one?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
If I have a leaking roof due to landlord not fixing it what can I do? If I have a leaking roof due to landlord not fixing it what can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I start the process of my divorce when the father lives in TX and there is lack of communication? In the state of Florida how can i start the process of my divorce, i have all the forms. But the father lives in texas and there is lack of communication. Where do i start with filing?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a minor be questioned and give a deposition under the age of 18 without the parent&#39;s knowledge? What is the age of a minor in GA and can they be questioned and give a deposition under the age of 18 without the parent's knowledge?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What do we do if a customer still wants us to pay for a stolen watch when the full police report was done? We are a small business (3 employees) that provide carpet cleaning services in home and one of our tech's has been accused of stealing a customers Rolex watch. A full police report was done, and our tech is innocent, but the client still wants us to pay? What do we do?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What can I do to a remedy a problem if a company is unwilling to provide job verification to a new potential employer? I was an employee for a trucking company that is now unwilling to provide job verification to a new potential employer. What can I do to remedy this? I live in PA but the company operates out of Ceder Rapids Iowa.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If we are under contract to buy a house and we found out the seller bought a home via a foreclosure, how long is it going to take to fix the title so we can move forward? My wife and I are under contract to buy a house. Our title Lawyer found out that seller bought home via a foreclosure and the lawyer was doing foreclosure after 29 days instead of 30 days. How long is it going to take to fix the title so we can move forward?	Real Estate Questions	Maine
What can I do to make sure I get my dog back from my ex? My boyfriend and I just broke up a week ago and we had a dog together. He took the dog so I called the cops. Since then I've filed a small claims against him and registered the dog into my name with the county. All the vet records are in my name and I paid for them. What can I do to make sure I get my dog back?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can a mortgage company ask me to have my doctor write a letter that my health condition won&#39;t change? Can a mortgage company ask me to have my doctor write a letter guaranteeing my health condition won't change over the next 3 years? Do you know any doctor who will guarantee someones health?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Does a landlord pay rental taxes on a property that still owes a mortgage? Does a landlord pay rental taxes on a property that still owes a mortgage?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
How can I transfer my garage to a commercial store? How can I transfer my garage to a commercial store?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Virginia
Is an employer required to allow breaks and what is the law about that? Is an employer required to allow breaks and what is the law about that?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What is my dad allowed to control if he wants guardianship of me when I turn 18? My dad wants to become guardianship of me once I turn eighteen. What is he allowed to control?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What can I do if I told the landlord to keep the deposit and not received any itemized statement of damages? I rented a house IN North Carolina, I told the landlord we would be moving out the end of June. I paid the rent for July and return the keys on July 15. The landlord listed the house for sale on July 18 2012. I told the landlord to keep the deposit for August. There was no damages to the property and She has advised that I still owe her for August . I have not received any itemized statement of damages. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Rights about a spouse in the hospital and that person not allowing that person there? What are my legal rights about a spouse in the hospital and that person not allowing that person there that did nothing but care for that person? They wished to see the children and are not yet divorce plus his parents played a big part as to meddling in the marriage and have health issues/	Family Questions	Illinois
Is a child responsible for back child support after said parent expires? in state of PA is a child responsible for back child support after said parent expires?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I stop my mother from moving out of state with my son whom she has custody of? How can I stop my mother from moving out of state with my son whom she has custody of?	Family Questions	New York
Can an HOA exist if not registered with state of Indiana and has not filed reports in 5 years? Can an HOA exist if not registered with state of Indiana and has not filed reports in 5 years?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
What is the landlord liable for when they breach lease agreement? What is the landlord liable for when they breach lease agreement?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Is there a limit to the amount of hours a factory can work an employee per day? Is there a limit to the amount of hours a factory in KY can work an employee per/day,  per/wk or per/month?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Do you pay taxes on money received from wrongful death suit? In Georgia do you pay taxes on money received from wrongful death suit?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
I live in the state of Montana. I own a mobile home in a mobile home park. I got behind in the lot rent and the landlord is charging us $155-$200 a month in late fee&#39;s alone. What does the law says about what a landlord can charge for late fee&#39;s and what is excessive?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Montana
How long does it take to process and have a subpoena served? How long does it take to process and have a subpoena served? Violated -- a No Contact -- domestic violence restraining court order-- misdemeanor -- what may be the least / most sentence in the state of California?	Criminal Questions	California
What are my options if I told the homeowner my accident and all they say is &quot;I will pray for you&quot;? I was asked to sweep off a roof for someone and slipped on algae causing me to slide off dropping over 10 feet to the ground. As a result I got a herniated disc and no insurance to cover the neurosurgeon I was referred to. I have told the homeowner several times and the best response I received was I will pray for you.What are my options?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can my husband legally have a credit card and put me on it now as a &quot;do not honor&quot;? My husband has a credit card and he put me on it now he put a "do not honor" on it. Can he legally do this?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
Can Army reservist date others while separated but not divorced? Is "adultery" handled differently in the military than in civilian courts? Can an Army reservist legally date or pursue a relationship during separation, if the divorce has not yet been granted?The reservist resides in NC and the "ex" was last known to reside in TX. They have been separated for almost two years...	Family Questions	North Carolina
Do you have to answer and explain work that has been completed to OSHA? Do you have to answer and explain work that has been completed to OSHA?	Employment Questions	Illinois
4 friends have a timeshare lease with 9 years left.  Timeshare is in disrepair and contract for maintenance is not being honored.  After many communications, no response from anyone. Are we are within are rights to withhold the money until some resolution happens?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions	Massachusetts
Question regarding an offer on a short sale home with complications? I have recently put an offer on a short sale home and the offer was accepted.  Inspections were completed and the earnest check has been cashed, but yesterday the very emotional owner said that she would not be signing the paperwork today.  We are slated to close Friday, but now we are in a holding pattern, due to the sellers very fragile state.  Due I have a legal leg to stand on to ensure that this transaction goes through?  My home is to close on the 17th of August, which could potentially leave my family without a home to live in.	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Question about official termination? If your employer notifies you by mail that you have been terminated, how many days from your termination date do they have to notify you?	Employment Questions	New York
If someone leaves you a house in their will and the mortgage is not paid in full, are you responsible for the balance of that mortgage? In New York, if someone leaves you a house in their will and the mortgage is not paid in full, are you responsible for the balance of that mortgage?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
If man from MA went to court in RI for a hearing, would they know about bench warrants? If a man from MA went to court in Rhode Island for a court hearing, would that court know about any bench warrants in a different state?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
Am I entitled to any amount of that settlement of my husband abandoned my children and I? My husband received a settlement about a year and a half ago for a slip and fall. When he received his settlement he left me and the children homeless and without money. My question is am I entitled to any amount of that settlement? Is there a time limitation to fight for it and is there away to find out how much he received?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What is the length of time required for a &quot;notice to quit&quot; when a 1 year lease is not being renewed? In Colorado, what is the length of time required for a "notice to quit" when a 1 year lease is not being renewed?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
How do I find out if something is a scam? How to find out if something is a scam? I want to buy a car and there's a good sale on one online but it feels like a scam? How can I be sure its not?	Real Estate Questions	Rhode Island
Is there a time limit for contesting a will? Is there a time limit for contesting a will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
If there is an agreement on a taxable cash out on a retirement fund for payment of alimony, can the alimony credit be taken on federal taxes? If there is an agreement on a taxable cash out on a retirement fund for payment of alimony, can the alimony credit be taken on federal taxes?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What are the laws in Clayton, GA for eviction on breach of a lease? What are the laws in Clayton, GA for eviction on breach of a lease?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can my married daughter change her status in green card? My married daughter has B1B2 visa. I put her petition file. She right now is in India. Can she change her status in green card?	Family Questions	Illinois
Case for stress relating to the stroke due to increase work or for not being compensated for work days? I am a salaried restaurant manger working in MA who suffered a stroke following work in March. The weeks prior to the stroke I was asked to work at both my restaurant and at another, working 6 days a week during this period with the promise of receiving additional off days in the future. Corporate did not recognize these additional days and I was not compensated. Is there a case for stress relating to the stroke due to increase work or for not being compensated for these work days? Thanks for your assistance.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What was the legal age for getting married in the state of Maryland back in 1966? What was the legal age for getting married in the state of Maryland back in 1966?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I name a person as executor of my will if they live in Va? I live in PA. Can I name a person as executor of my will if they live in Va?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Where can I view reports of employer labor law violations in California? Where can I view reports of employer labor law violations in California?	Employment Questions	California
Question regarding FERS retirement plan? Are Federal employees contributions to the FERS retirement plan considered mandatory by Disso Master?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How long after someone passes away, is the will read? I am wondering how long after someone passes away, is the will read? Is there a certain procedure to follow or is it up to the executor? Also, is there a time limit and do all wills have to go to probate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can my mother transfer the deed to my house without letting me know about the transfer of the deed? My name was already on the deed with my parents. there was no mortgage. I refinanced the house and bought the house from my parents. My parents remained on the deed, but now I own it. My sisters in 1994 went to my mother (father had passed away) not knowing I owned the house and had my mother remove her name from the deed being replaced by one of my sisters. I was never notified of this until weeks later. My sister says that now she owns half of my house. The new deed doesn't even have my name on it. My mother had no right to do this since I purchased  the house from them. I was going through a divorce at the time and trusted my parents leaving them on the deed. Was this legal to do without letting me know about the transfer of the deed?	Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
The mother of my child will not let me see my baby. How do I get joint custody? The mother of my child will not let me see my baby. How do I get joint custody?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can I get married in another state before the 6-month waiting period after my decree is signed? Such as Las Vegas? Can I get married in another state before the 6-month waiting period after my decree is signed? Such as Las Vegas? Or Arkansas?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oklahoma
How to dispute a government worker&#39;s case? An associate of mine was forced into early retirement from a government agency due to injuries received on the job, resulting in a 6-month hospital stay. Currently, his early retirement has been cut off, and he is now nearly destitute. Is there any way to dispute this, if he was injured as a result of work? It just doesn't seem fair that a government official will be abandoned by the government. A Marine, a S.S. Rep, and lastly a S.W.A.T. unit leader. Surely, there is something that can be done?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What&#39;s the phone number of Jeffery Fiegers&#39; law office? What's the phone number of Jeffery Fiegers' law office?	Family Questions	Michigan
How long will marriage papers take? I married  her and she from Colombia. I've been in VA ten years. I met her two years ago and she asked me about marriage and I told her I will. I needs to know how long all papers works takes then she can come to be with me?  How long will all papers take?	Family Questions	California
How do I evict a renter who&#39;s month to month? How do I evict a renter who's month to month?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If you file a complaint with the dept of labor for vacation/wages due it goes to court win judgement why does it take so long to receive payment? If you file a complaint with the the dept of labor for vacation/wages due it goes to court win judgement why does it take so long to receive payment?	Employment Questions	Illinois
If a separated couple each have one of their children living with them do they still owe each child support? If a separated couple each have one of their children living with them do they still owe each other child support?	Family Questions	Virginia
If a wife refuses to sign divorce papers can she still receive spousal support? In the state of PA if a wife refuses to sign divorce papers can she still receive spousal support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my employer schedule me to work on my religious day? Can my employer schedule me to work on my religious day?	Employment Questions	California
Can I prove that I did take care of my daughter more than the times allotted? I was a personal assistant for my daughter in 2010 and earlier.  Detectives came and spoke to me said the times I put on the time sheets coincide with the times I was at my regular job. I told the detectives that I put the wrong times down in error.  Can I prove that I did take care of my daughter more than the times allotted?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Illegal for the protected person to not serve the restrained with everything they served with the court? Is it illegal for the protected person to not serve the restrained person with everything they served with the court in a restraining order trial?	Criminal Questions	California
If we do not have a lease and I would like to know how many days notice do I have to give them to move out? I have a tenant in my home. We do not have a lease and I would like to know how many days notice do I have to give them to move out?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
Can I sue the insurance companies in civil court for insisting I commit insurance fraud? As lead dental assistant I have been forced to order crowns for the past 2 years of a lesser grade than what the patients and insurance companies are paying for approx. 800 to 1000 crowns and no less than 100000 in fees. I have approached the dentist on several occasions and have been told just to go with it and keep quiet in order to keep my job. Can I sue them in civil court for insisting I commit insurance fraud?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Does common law exist in South Carolina? In the state of South Carolina, if two people are living together and not married considered "common law" husband and wife or is that null and void in South Carolina?	Family Questions	Iowa
Do I get to claim both children? My ex-wife moved out of state Feb 15th of last year and I had both of our kids. I am planning on claiming them on my taxes.  Prior to her move we did a week on week off arrangement with the kids so we both had them equal time thus we both claimed one of the children.  No problem no worries.  Well she thought she could claim one of the children again so I explained the custodial parent gets to claim.  She thinks our original court document covers her because it says we will each claim one child but it also says we will take the kids a week on week off so therefore I say it doesn't matter because she moved out of state so its no longer accurate so claiming one each doesn't apply either.   Do I get to claim both children?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Alaska
How can I get emancipated so I could live with my child? I am 16 and I have a child. i was wondering if I am or could get emancipated to be a legal adult and move out of my parents house? Also what are the details of this and how can i make it happen?	Family Questions	Indiana
I have filed in small claims and court date is on the 24th of Jan. I'm a contractor that did numerous task at a customers house. she wrote a check for the task that were completed and then several hours later did a stop payment on that check saying that after she thought about it , some of the prices were to high. So is it illegal for her to have done the stop payment?	Contract Questions	North Carolina
Is there a law that says that a company has to increase our pay since we have to meet the quota? When I first started at my company there was no quota. Now they are trying to give us a quota we have to meet. Is there a law or something that says they have to increase our pay since we have to meet the quota?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
If two jobs overlap each other do I not get paid for one of them as a flat rate technician? If two jobs overlap each other do I not get paid for one of them as a flat rate technician?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What are the tax implications on the sale if I sell my 200 shares of Apple stock? I will be selling my 200 shares of Apple stock.  What are the tax implications on the sale?  This is the only stock I own and will be selling in the near future.	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
Is it legal if my new job pays weekly, but my employer is holding back the first month of pay? My new job pays weekly, but my employer is holding back the first month of pay, is this legal?	Employment Questions	California
Can the company hire new employers and bring down your hours? Good Morning! I have been working for three years. Can the company hire new employers and bring down your hours if you are full time employer. To balance the schedule, I left for surgery and since they gave the PT my position and have been bounced all over. 305-282-1990Please help me. I am desperate.	Employment Questions	Florida
What is the law regarding collection harassment? I have been called every day regarding debt incurred by husband's ex-wife. I Have explained to collection co. that this is not my debt and please stop calling. I Have been called a liar and everything else. What is the La. law regarding collection harassment? I believe it's called the fair acts. What can I do without having to hire an attorney?	Consumer Questions	Louisiana
If my ex-wife has visitation every Thursday until 8pm and doesn&#39;t give a time when she is to pick them up and they don&#39;t have school that Thursday, what time is she to pick them up? If my ex-wife has visitation every Thursday until 8pm and doesn't give a time when she is to pick them up and they don't have school that Thursday, what time is she to pick them up?	Family Questions	Nebraska
Do I have to tell my ex who lives with our daughter and I? Do I have to tell my ex who lives with our daughter and I? We have joint custody and I am the primary.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Will filing bankruptcy give me more time if I received a summary judgement on my home? My HOA has received a summary judgement on my home with a sale date in July. will filing bankruptcy give me more time, and can I still do a short sale on my home?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is there any legal grounds for me since I submitted all the paper work and have an established move out date with their office and now be held liable for a recent policy change? I'm planning on vacating my co-op apartment and submitted the notarized signed documents with my move out date, which is when my lease expires. Now the co-op association changed their policy 2 weeks. ago saying that I'm responsible for 3 months and my lease is no longer valid. Is there any legal grounds for me since I submitted all the paper work and have an established move out date with their office and now be held liable for a recent policy change?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can a landlord evict a tenant without going to court? Can a landlord evict a tenant without going to court?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
I&#39;m starting a nutritional supplement and health food company, what am I able and unable to say in my advertising and website by the FDA and FTC?	Administrative Law Questions,Advertising Law Questions	South Carolina
What are our rights in regarding to getting out refund back if my daughter fractured her arm and didn&#39;t play? I paid $250 for my daughter to play on a tournament softball team. She fractured her arm, meanwhile she still went to games and practice, when her arm healed she was able to play in the games. The coach called us and said she lost too much while injured and was not needed on the team anymore. We ask for part of our money back and the coach said all her monies were used. I think we should get some of our money back due to the fact that she was not wanted on the team. She played in 3 tournaments, out of the 10 to 12 they were signed up to play in. What are my rights?	Consumer Questions	Oregon
Is it legal for my employer to withhold my pay for three weeks? After 4 1/2 years at my current job, the company is going to withhold my pay for three weeks. The explanation is it will be easier for the treasurer. Is this legal?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
If I file a complaint about the company I work for, can they retaliate by firing me? If I file a complaint about the company I work for, can they retaliate by firing me?  This is a company that does not offer lunch breaks per 8 hours of work to any employee below upper management.	Employment Questions	Florida
if you have an order of protection against your child &amp; they are hospitalized, can you go see them? if you have an order of protection against your adult child and they are hospitalized for something serious can you go see them?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can employer change my job qualifications after 8 years of employment? Can employer change my job qualifications after 8 years of employment?	Employment Questions	Florida
If I suffered a brain injury and someone was to punch me, can it be assault with a deadly weapon? In Syracuse, Ny, if I suffered a severe traumatic brain injury and someone was to punch me in the head and knock me out and bust open my face and put me in to a seizure because of my t.b.i., can it be assault with a deadly weapon? Could I sue that person?	Criminal Questions	New York
Possible for the section 8 voucher to transfer to me because my mother passed away? Hello.My mother was in section 8. When we did our apartment lease, I signed the lease contract with her so it is in my name also. It is possible for the section 8 voucher to transfer to me (I'm 26) because she passed away and I am her son?	Real Estate Questions	California
how do I find out if some type of legal action has been filed against me? How do I find out if some type of legal action has been filed against me?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
When should I incorporate my company, which is building a website? When should I incorporate my company, which is building a website? We were going to wait until after we raised some funds, but we also have heard that getting going to a law firm could actually help us raise some money as well.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Do I need a pool alarm if I have a removable ladder? I live in new york state do I need a pool alarm if I have a removable ladder?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Question about lease agreements? We rent and pay the mortgage on line of a home that my sister owns. We have a lease agreement that will end on July 30, 2012. She is in the process of purchasing a new home with her new husband and has requested that we send our personal bank statements for the past year to the loan agency to confirm verification of the mortgage being paid by us. My wife has comprised a report showing the transaction #'s, date of payment, and the last four of our account. Her new husband has sent us an e-mail stating that if we do not provide these documents with our full account # and names on it we will be forced to move out and not able to renew the lease, so they can move to the home in which we are residing. We have had no complaints verbal or written.	Real Estate Questions	California
Can minor lift no-contact order once emancipated? The mother of my girlfriend put a no contact order on me, not my girlfriend and not from abuse or anything wrong towards her daughter. She loves me and I love her. Her mom just can't accept it and the judge issued a no contact order on me. If she gets emancipated can it be lifted by her (she is 17)?	Family Questions	Florida
What if my employer says I cannot wear a beard-net instead of shaving? What if my employer says I cannot wear a beard-net instead of shaving?	Employment Questions	California
Can my fiance&#39;s son mother legally leave NY and move to VA without notifying anyone? My fiance's son's mother is planning on leaving the state of NY and moving to VA this weekend without notifying anyone.  Can she legally do this?	Family Questions	New York
Can I challenge a plumber&#39;s bill when there&#39;s no written estimate given even when asked? Can I challenge a plumber's bill when there's no written estimate given even when asked, nothing in writing and bill 3xs verbal estimate?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Is it legal to sunbathe topless at Ft. Meyers beach in Florida? Is it legal to sunbathe topless at Ft. Meyers beach in Florida?	Criminal Questions	Ohio
If baby born before parents wed, must father adopt to have custody? In IL, when an unwed mother marries the baby's father after the baby is born, must the father legally adopt the child to have legal custody?	Family Questions	Illinois
If I allow a company to put a roof, what is a fair amount of time for me to lease it to them for free? If I allow a company to voluntarily put a roof on a building that I will allow the humane society in our county to use, what is a fair amount of time for me to lease it to them for free?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How do we go about terminating the mother&#39;s parental rights and me adopting the son? My boyfriend and I have been together for 2 years and he has a 3-year-old son by another lady. He was removed for medical neglect and never completed her case plan and has ordered supervised visits by the court that she has never exercised. she pays no child support, hasn't seen him in over a year, and has not tried to make contact. He does not remember her and only knows me as mom. How do we go about terminating her parental rights and me adopting him and what are the stipulations as far as her making contact in the future if rights are revoked?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a judge&#39;s ruling be overturned in a divorce case? Can a judge's ruling be overturned in a divorce case?	Family Questions	California
Does my ex have the right to start deducting money from my child support for gas? Does my ex have the right to start deducting money from my child support for gas?	Family Questions	Illinois
Access to property with 1-year right of redemption. We are looking at a piece of property about to be sold at a Sheriff's sale in MT.  We understand that there is a 1-year right of redemption for the property owner, but cannot find out if, once the property is sold, the purchaser would have access to the property, and if not would the original owner?	Real Estate Questions	Montana
How does my 25-year-old friend get custody of her 15-year-old brother? My friend is 25 years old and wants to get custody of her 15-year-old brother. How does she go about it?	Family Questions	Virginia
Does the father have any rights to this unborn children? I'm 13 weeks pregnant with twins. The father packed up and moved out. I already have 5 children from a previous marriage that ended in divorce. He's now told me not to contact him. Does he have any rights to this unborn children? What do I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What to do if I got hurt at work and didn&#39;t tell my insurance and now they bank my hours instead? I got hurt at work a year ago and didn't tell my insurance co. because I was afraid to lose my job. Now hurt still and working and now they make me bank hours instead of overtime and it's not the place I thought it was. What do I do????	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How many leases can one person be on in state of FL? How many leases can one person be on in state of FL?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I have any rights if the company refuses to correct my claim? I was a salaried employee and resigned on 04/23/12. the company that I worked for submitted my termination for 04/20/12 to my health insurance even though the insurance company informed myself that there would no addition financial obligation as the company paid a monthly premium to insurance. I am left with unpaid claims falling between 04/20/12 and 04/23/12. Do I have any rights if the company refuses to correct this date?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Illegal for any level of management to accept tips from customers or employees? Within a California Cardroom is it against the law or D.O.J. guidelines for any level of management to accept, collect & redistribute, or solicit tips from customers or employees directly under their supervision?	Employment Questions	California
What can I do about the side effects of the Ritalin drug that I was forced to take as a child? What can I do about the side effects of the Ritalin drug that I was forced to take as a child?	Personal Injury Questions	Oregon
Is a will legal if the lawyer made that it was disbarred in Canada? Is a will legal if the lawyer made that it was disbarred in Canada?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Will child support be eliminated on bankruptcy? Will child support be eliminated on bankruptcy?	Family Questions	Alaska
How long after you&#39;re fired from your job should you receive your final pay check? How long after you're fired from your job should you receive your final pay check in Colorado?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can arrears be collected after I closed child support case so my granddaughter could file? Can arrears be collected after I closed child support case so my granddaughter could file?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Father refuses to return daughter and no legal custody agreement. My daughter's father is not on her birth certificate and we do not have a legal custody agreement, however he has her right now and he is refusing to bring her back by 9:00pm like he agreed to on the paper he signed. What are my options as to get my daughter back?	Family Questions	Mississippi
Is there grandparent rights for visits? I would like to know if there is grandparents rights for visits?	Family Questions	Colorado
How do I get custody of my daughter back if my mom has temporary custody? How do I get custody of my daughter back if my mom has temporary custody?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I establish paternity of my son and some form of visitation? How do I establish paternity of my son and some form of visitation, while trying to figure out how to handle this summons from the department of revenue?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a contractor sub contract home project? Can a contractor sub contract part of the job if you have a flood in your home?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Do I have a right to see the files so I can prepair myself for court since I do not have a lawyer? I am representing myself in a divorce proceeding.  I have been subpoenaed to court.  Do I have a right to see the files so I can prepair myself for court since I do not have a lawyer?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Does my employer have to pay me for the days that I was instructed not to come to work? I was on medical leave for 2 months. Upon returning, a decision was made by my boss and myself, eliminating my position was best. I was told that I would be offered a severance. From the day I was told this to the day I was actually offered a package, 14 days passed. During this time, I was not officially terminated. Does my employer have to pay me for the days that I was instructed not to come to work, yet was not terminated?	Employment Questions	California
Is it the law that cops can go and get my kids back from my wife when I have full custody? i have full legal custody of my 3 kids and my wife took off with them. Is it the law that cops can go and get them back off her and return them to me?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it right for my landlord to charge $40 for water? My landlord charges me $40 a month for water is it right for her to charge us for water? And she doesn't charge the tenants downstairs. We live in a two family. All of us use the same washer and dryer. The $40 she is charging us is to use the washer and dryer. I have a husband and a six year old son and we are struggling to live here on top of her charging us for water. We pay $1200 for rent. I really just need some advise about this issue. I look forward to speaking to someone about my rights.	Real Estate Questions	Texas
What happen to a person that lies about not getting any money to get unemployment? What happen to a person that lies about not getting any money to get unemployment?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Request for the name of an attorney willing to process complex MSPB? Request for the name of an attorney willing to process complex MSPB (merit systems protection board) and Appeal case for client that is currently unemployed and fees paid out of Settlement. The Client filed an Appeal with Superior court for unemployment insurance (Atlanta, GA area).	Employment Questions	Alabama
Can my creditors take the land if my brother has paid for the taxes? If I file chapter 7 bankruptcy and my grandfather gave my brother and I 2 1/2 acres of land before he died. My brother has been living on this land, has a house on it and paid the taxes for the last 12 years. Can my creditors take the land?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What do you do if the landlord will not make repairs to the home but still wants you to pay rent? What do you do if the landlord will not make repairs to the home but still wants you to pay rent?	Family Questions	Georgia
Is my wife still responsible for the rent if she&#39;s on the lease and moved out? I have a lease with my wife on my apartment and she has moved out. Is she still responsible for any part of the rent	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Can I break my lease if my landlord listed me at a different address? my landlord has me listed at a completely different address than where I rent. Same community just wrong apt number and street address. Can I break my lease?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a supervisor use your sick day if one forgets to  punch in for the day? Can a supervisor use your sick day if one forgets to  punch in for the day?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What&#39;s my next step if I reported someone with illegal activity but nothing has happened? My last job (i.e. a collection agency) employed someone who could somehow access W-2 info on anyone with a Social Security Number. I first reported them to the State Attorney General's Office & then the Federal Trade Commission but both times I got nowhere. What's my next step? I resigned 5 weeks ago today & yes I have supporting documentation.	Criminal Questions	California
What can I do to win against my landlord because I&#39;m not paying rent but he is not fixing the apartment? My landlord is taking me to court. I am not paying his rent because he is not fixing my apartment. What can i do to win this case?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Is the temp agency allowed to fire me if my daughter is hospitalized? I work at a temp agency and my 2 year old daughter is hospitalized with retrovirus and has been it the hospital for a few days and will need to be there a few more. Is the temp agency allowed to fire me?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What can we do to enforce a rule prohibiting dogs against neighbors in our apartment complex who recently got pit bulls? A year ago, we were advised by the landlord that our neighbors were complaining about us have a dog.  So we followed the policy and got rid of the dog the following day.  Not too long after did our neighbor get not just one dog, but 3 pitbulls. I have made several attempts to inform him of this issue and yet he had taken no action to enforce this policy.  What can we do?	Real Estate Questions	California
How can we find out what&#39;s the reason for our eviction? We got an eviction notice for us to leave the apartment when our lease is out in Aug. They gave no reason why we are being evicted and we have never been late with payment. I did file a complaint with the BBB about mold in our apartment that's the only reason I can think of.	Real Estate Questions	Iowa
Can a second degree assault charge stop you from getting a job? Can a second degree assault charge stop you from getting a job?	Employment Questions	Virginia
What are my options to regain the money from renters who are behind? My current renters are 2 months behind on rent and deposited a check in the amount of $1310. on May 11th that was returned. We are currently in the process of eviction and go to court 1 week from today. What are my options to regain this money?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can I obtain a divorce without a spouse&#39;s signature? I want to get a divorce.  I have been separated from my spouse for 11 years.  I do not know where she lives or how to get a hold of her.  Can I obtain a divorce without her signature?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an 18 year old in Alabama possess smokeless tobacco?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Can you charge a late fee of $25 per day on a lease agreement? can you charge a late fee of $25 per day on a lease agreement?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I need a legal document to cash savings bonds made to another person? Do I need a s legal document to cash savings bonds made to another person?	Family Questions	California
If I work on a paid holiday, do I get overtime for those hours worked plus my holiday pay? If I work on a paid holiday, i.e. Christmas day, 4th of July, do I get overtime for those hours worked plus my holiday pay or do I forfeit my holiday pay and only get time and 1/2?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Question about legal actions against my annual review as exaggerated? My Director is taking action against me on  my annual review because of stories she's been told that are exaggerations and not factual.  She seems to be encouraging these stories.  She is not asking for my input.  Is this actionable?I want to sit and talk this out with her, how shall I proceed?  I don't want to in any way threaten or appear to threaten her.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I get back my security deposit back and break the lease? I have signed a lease for a rental house in Massachusetts. We found out the landlord cased the security deposit and didn't open up an account. We also called to tell her we are not going to take the rental and she won't give our security deposit back. What do I do? Can I get it back and break the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What to do about paying child support when I&#39;m a new father? I'm a new father and I have been a dad now for going on 10 months. I co-operated with the courts and mother of my child with child support.   Here's my issue: I have not been a father for almost 10 months and I wasn't able to meet the obligations met by the courts and now I'm being told that they are trying to arrest me already for child support.  This system in Florida is ruining people's live before we even have a chance. I'm 26 and the courts wanna lock me up and leave me their until my family pays off the debt when I could easily get a job but now I'm in fear of getting a job because I'm scared to go to jail.	Family Questions	Georgia
What are responsibilities of principal with inappropriate behavior? What are the responsibilities of a principal when a possible case of inappropriate touching of a student is reported by a school employee?	Employment Questions	New York
I am currently fighting a minor ticket in the state of Wisconsin. The court date is next week. My case is that my mother consented to my consumption at a bar, which is legal in Wisconsin. What should I expect, and if she can&#39;t be there, how should I make a proper statement on paper?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
Can I change the locks on my home if I&#39;m going through a divorce and my husband has relocated? I am in the middle of a divorce and my husband has purchased a new home and has been living outside of the home for 6 months. Can I change the locks on my home? I live in Genesee County, Michigan.	Family Questions	Michigan
Is it possible to move if a home is given to me if I can supply transportation to her father? I live in PA and want to move to FL for better work and I have a home being given to me to better raise my child if I supply transportation to her father for the summers and holidays. Is it possible for me to move?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I sue a property owner for the type of paint they used if I slip and fell? Can I sue a property owner for the type of paint they used on the stairs if I slip and fell and hurt myself?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can you get a stay away order over the phone at night? Can you get a stay away order over the phone at night?	Employment Questions	California
Ex is denied communication with his children, but should the children have cellphones? I have temporary customer of my children because I filed for a domestic charge battery against my boyfriend of 13 years. I gave the father every other weekend and one night of the week. My cell phone got cut off since my boyfriend claimed fraud  or charges on his credit card when he paid my bill and I paid him back. Right now any time the children want to speak to their father I use my mom cell phone so they can talk to him. The other night my 12 year old got a cell phone from his grandfather to communicate. However I felt a 12 year old should not have a cell phone so I asked the grandmother to take it back. His lawyer now wants to have emergency court since he feels I'm denying them communication. Kids have not asked for him.	Family Questions	Ohio
Can landlord evict if currently unable to move on intended date but can pay next month&#39;s rent? I live in the state of Nevada and I gave my landlord a 30-day notice of my intent to move on 09/01/11. I'm unable to move now, and I have next month's rent. He said if I don't move, he will evict. Can he do that?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
Can I sell the rental property using a &quot;Short Sale Method&quot; if I am in bankruptcy? I am in a chapter 13 bankruptcy.  I have a principal residence and a rental that have been "lien stripped".  Can I sell the rental property using a "Short Sale Method"?  What effect will this have on my bankruptcy?	Real Estate Questions	California
If my husband files a grievance with the employer&#39;s HR Dept about the dept manager, can he be fired? My husband is being harassed and accused of sub-standard job performance, but no instances can be documented or substantiated. He is just being told he's doing everything wrong.  He was told yesterday by the dept manager who has been harassing and creating a hostile environment that by 6/25 he needs to come up with a 5-point plan for performance improvement or tender his resignation.  Can he be forced to resign? He feels this is being demanded to avoid having to pay unemployment.  If he files a grievance against this person with the employer's Human Resources Dept can he be punished/fired during the grievance process?  He's pretty sure none of the complaints against him have been reported to HR and wants the chance to give his side.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is not a customer given a grace period when signing a contract for a TV? Is not a customer given a grace period when signing a contract for a TV?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the grace period for being late? What is the grace period for being late?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Can durable power of attorney be used on living trust whose trustee is someone other than DPA? Candurable power of attorneybe used on living trust whose trustee is someone other than DPA?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Question regarding employment? I bid on a job that was a vacation relief for 3rd shift and 1 job pertaining to an early day shift position. I have been on this job for a year and now am expected to relieve 2nd shift. Can they do this?	Employment Questions	South Carolina
My FMLA case ended Nov 6. After returning to work, due to continued medical problems,  my physician gave me a part time hours work order.  I have missed 1.5 days of work since returning.  Can I be fired for missing work even though I have a medical condition causing my absences? None	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I get my kid&#39;s dad&#39;s parents to pay my child support if the dad not paying? Can I get my kids dad parents to pay my child support if the dad not paying?	Family Questions	California
What to do if I&#39;m POA over my mother&#39;s affairs and she has a few debts to cover? I have power of attorney over my mother's affairs. I signed an payment agreement with Tiffany hall Nursing home to pay the balance, but due to financial difficulty I could not pay. My Mother owes 5000.00 on her credit card, Plus we are trying to sell a trailer we both own this is our place of residence She owns a car which I drive. I was told by my Mother's credit card company to seek a lawyer. I have two firms Crown Financial and Hess & heathcock pa of Stuart FL Crown financial. I think is in west palm beach or palm beach gardens. Please advise me what to do in this matter?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Question regarding getting fired for  wrongfully getting accused of something I didn&#39;t do? I got fired for wrongfully getting accused of something I didn't do. When I ask for proof on video tape they said they didn't have any proof. Can I get them for wrongful accusing me and for lost of wages?	Employment Questions	Tennessee
Can I file a motion to withdraw my attorney of record at the same time that I file a motion? Can I file a motion to withdraw my attorney of record at the same time that I file a motion (pro se) for my current case?	Family Questions	Nevada
Is there anything in Education Law that limits the term of an interim special education director? Is there anything in Rhode Island Education Law that limits the term of an interim special education director?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Rhode Island
Is it recruiting if someone read what I posted on my FB page that my company was hiring lots of positions? After I quit a company, a former friend at that company applied for a position with my new company.  He contacted me to ask about the new company and I told him all the reasons I loved it.  He applied through the online website, interviewed with people other than myself and was hired.  Now my former company is saying I recruited him, and violated my non solicitation agreement.  Did I recruit him?  He heard about the opening because I posted on my FB page that my company was hiring lots of positions. Is that recruiting?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Utah
What type of trust will guard against the creditors and the bank for the foreclosed house? Ny husband and I live in aluchua county, florida.  We own the house outright and have credit debt and a house in foreclosure in Miami. What type of trust will guard against the creditors and the bank for the foreclosed house touching the house in aluchua county?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What can I do where a father refuses to work with me to develop a parenting plan over daughter? I have a four year old daughter in Washington state whose father refuses to work with me on some sort of parenting plan so I can have her summers and holidays. I have communicated with him a total of 6 or 7 times in two years and nothing. I don't have the right money for an attorney or court costs. I live in Colorado. What do I do?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can my employer make me drive my vehicle 50 miles or more a day? Can my employer make me drive my vehicle 50 miles or more a day?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What are renter&#39;s rights for tenants in Georgia? Am I able to get out my lease if there are very rude neighbors that put me in fear for my life?	Leasing Questions	Georgia
How to minimize impact of child support payment on deferred lump sum payment? I am a divorced father of two daughters (12 and 16) living in CA.  We've had a child support arrangement in place for over 5 years.  About 5 1/2 years ago, my former employer merged with my current employer and I was given a deferred comp incentive for staying with the new company for at least 5 years.  That award just vested earlier this year.  My ex is looking to modify the child support payments I make.  In order to reduce my child support obligations in light of this deferred comp payment being added to my normal income this year, can the lump sum deferred award somehow be spread out over the 5 years it took to accrue and vest?  Is there anything you can suggest to minimize the impact of this lump sum payment (40% which went to taxes)?	Family Questions	California
Question regarding new lease contract that violates privacy? My landlord just sent notice an amendment to our lease which we haven't signed a lease in 6 years. But all of his "house rules" we can not abide to if we don't send it back by July 25th. It's an automatic eviction by August 30. He wants the right to access our apt anytime he wants from 7 am - 10 pm and no pets which I have cats. So I know I'm breaking it there. But locks on bedroom doors will be removed for a fee and all of these other things that are absurd to me. If we sign it we are bound to a 1 year lease but if we don't its automatic eviction. We don't have the money to move but we don't want him barging in here anytime he wants either. We just don't know what to do.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Contract enforceable if I try to work for another contractor? I work for a staffing company and I signed a contract. One of the rules is that I can not go to work for the client or another contractor for 60 days after leaving this company.  Is this enforceable?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can you put a fence on your property right up neighbors hedges in the town of Saugerties NY? Can you put a fence on your property right up neighbors hedges in the town of Saugerties, NY?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Question regarding my friend denied access to Kuwait after traveling there? My friend was denied access to Kuwait after traveling to get there. They said it was medical. She once worked there. I'm wondering why they didn't inform her when she left from that job that is could not come back into that country?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
Can our landlord evict us by August 15 if we are month to month tenants? I live in an 8 unit apt bldg in Florida and have received notice that the building is to be vacated by August 15, 2012, all 8 units. We are month to month tenants, no leases, all paid up on rent. Can he do this to us, and by AUGUST15th??? All of our furniture bedroom sets, living room sets, electronics are infested with bugs no exterminator was ever provided as required by law. SERIOUSLY, can we sue him for damages to thousands of dollars in personal belongings? Are there other cases like this? We (10 people) need your help, please.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What can I do if my ex will not let me see my daughter after making child support? I make my child support on time every month and my ex-wife will not let me see my daughter.  I moved to Florida 7 months ago and I still don't get to see her or talk to her.  My ex-wife is going to let her stay the Summer with her father in Louisiana for the whole summer and I do not approve of this at all.  I would like her to be with me for the summer.  What can I do?	Family Questions	Florida
If my husband left me 3 years ago gets a new job with a much higher pay can I get an increase in child support before the 3 year period for increase? If my husband left me 3 years ago gets a new job with a much higher pay can I get an increase in child support before the 3 year period for increase?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Is it true I need a court order to obtain my payroll history? I contacted a past employer and asked for my payroll history and was told I need a court order. Is this true?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What is the sentencing for first offense theft? What is the sentencing for first offense theft?	Family Questions	Florida
Do I have any legal rights to request money for my daughter&#39;s needs if I&#39;m disabled? My daughter has a restricted account from her father's passing. I am now disabled and cannot provided for her as before. Do I have any legal rights to request money for her needs?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the statue of limitations for a bank to file a civil law suit on someone that&#39;s been more than five years old? What is the statue of limitations for a bank to file a civil law suit on someone that's been more than five years old?	Consumer Questions	Washington
If I Work 11pm til 7am, can I leave my 14 year and 11year old home by themselves? If I Work 11pm til 7am, can I leave my 14-year-old and 11-year-old home by themselves?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What kind sentence will I face for a child neglect case and how do i give up my parental rights? I refuse to pick-up my 16-year-old son from mental hospital. I did lock him out, but I was afraid about my safety and  my 5-year-old daughter. He was hospitalized many times and he was found guilty by DCFS as mentally and physically abusive towards my 15 years old daughter, which have similar illness. Now looks like I may be charged with child neglect case. What that means and what kind sentence will I my face? If this is possible form me to give up my parental rights for him? I don't feel like I can handle this anymore. I'm concerned about the safety issue. What may I face if I will give up my parental rights?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
If I have proof of car accident can I sue? I was in a car accident and the person that hit me is denying their at fault. I have proof that they hit me. I want to sue and know if I have a case?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What to do if now we are being evicted for no reason with only 1 week to move? We have been renting a home for 2 yrs. Always paid rent. Now we are being evicted for no reason. No agreement was ever signed. We are one day late this month only in paying the rent. Received a certified letter today saying we have 1 week to move. Is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
If a father passes away and his children are minors what happens to the property until they are of age? if a father passes away and his children are minors what happens to the property until they are of age if the parents are not legally married but were living together at time of death?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What is the penalty for the landlord for not returning security deposit or submitting letter of intent to withhold deposit within 30 days? What is the penalty for the landlord for not returning security deposit or submittingletter of intentto withhold deposit within 30 days? Is it double or triple the security deposit amount in the state of Florida?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Legal to fire me if the conditions are unsafe for my unborn child? I am 8 months pregnant and working for a waffle house where I was just fired for calling off for my shift running from 9 p.m. tonight until 7a.m. tomorrow morning due to me having a baby. The doctor's appointment tomorrow requires me to sit at the office from 8a.m. until 3p.m.. I tried explaining there's no way I can stay awake for 20 hours then drive 30 miles to get home by myself. It's just not safe for myself or my unborn child! I even tried telling my manager. I will have a Dr. note excusing me from work tonight and she got the owner involved who fired me for it. Is it even legal to fire me for this?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
How often do fire water sprinklers have to be inspected in apartment or condos? How often do fire water sprinklers have to be inspected in apartment or condos in the state of Florida?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
If someone changes your legal home address without your permission, is that mail fraud? If someone changes your legal home address without your permission, is that mail fraud?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
What are the laws on judgements, when it comes to unemployment and retirement funds? What are the laws on judgements, when it comes to unemployment and retirement funds? I had put my whole retirement in to my wife's checking and my unemployment check. she has a judgement against her and they took my whole retirement fund and part of my unemployment. My retirement funds where in there less than 24 hours and where going to be reinvested elsewhere next week. Being it is my money can this be done? I have proof that it was transferred from my old employers 401K.  Plus I do not be leave that they can tough unemployment . Any help would be so wonderful. thank you in advance for your great service.	Finance Questions	Minnesota
Upon divorce, will the military stop BAH and will my spouse continue to get it w/o us? I am a navy spouse, approaching 2 yrs, and would like to divorce from a toxic marriage. I've maintained the home front through 2 deployments with a now 2 yr old. Moved cross country for him, quitting job of almost 4 yrs, college degree fell behind, became stay a home mom for 1 year and things got worse. Counseling has not worked for us. Now resettled back cross country alone with child. Just found a job and dependent on military BAH to maintain bills. Can't survive on just my pay, but need to move forward with my life. Upon divorce, will the military stop BAH and will my spouse continue to get it w/o us? Am I entitled to anything?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can landlord require tenant to pay for maintenance for appliances? Can landlord require tenant to pay for maintenance of furnace, refrigerator, or other appliances such as washer dryer or air conditioner unit?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
What do I need to do for an annulment if I was married on June 8th? I was married on June 8th, 2012. I  was wondering what all I need to do for an annulment?	Family Questions	Georgia
A search engine optimization company put our name on Yahoo at the top of page for us. It has our business name their phone number and the link to our website is not good. Company Adzzup won&#39;t reinstate our business listing back as it was. They refuse. They are listed with the Better Business Bureau. What can we do?	Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Internet Law Questions	Texas
Do I need to give a written notice to increase the rent at the end of current agreement? Under PA laws, do I need to give a written notice to increase the rent at the end of current agreement?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
What part of the trust would satisfy if the insurance company wants a copy of it? Insurance company wants a copy of my trust agreement for home owners.  What part of the trust would satisfy this request-just the 1st and last page?  Info in the trust is really not insurance business I would think.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is MN child support calculated based on both parents&#39; incomes? Is MN child support calculated based on both parents' incomes?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Can they use my old w-2 forms to find out if I had any other income? Ok, my rental office wants me to pay $4,000 in back rent for not reporting each time I have worked, in which I have. I want to know if they can use my old w-2 forms to find out if I had any other income, even if I was paid under the table but claimed it on my taxes?	Leasing Questions	District of Columbia
Can male police officer threaten female with strip search if car search finds nothing? Can a male police officer threaten a female citizen that he is going to take her down to the station and strip her down naked to prove she is hiding something after searching the car she was in for over two hours and finding nothing?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Would I be eligible to expunge a felony with a traffic violation? Would I be eligible to expunge a felony (F4 Attempted Theft of Dilaudid) with a traffic violation (M4 ROMV)?	Criminal Questions	Ohio
Can landlord show my apartment without enough notice? Can a landlord show my apartment to a new tenant with out giving me a reasonable time frame? How long is a reasonable time frame?	Leasing Questions	Georgia
How do I make sure my estate goes to my grandchildren instead of the adults? I have 6 grandchildren, aging from 6 up to 12.  I want all of my estate to go to them one day and nothing to my 2 children and their spouses, and I mean nothing.  I want the estate in trust and each grandchild to get their share when they reach the age of 25.  My home, furniture and appliances will have to be sold and that money in trust too.     I do not have anyone to oversee and make sure my wishes are honored.  I am a widow.  My children have turned against me and keep my grandchildren away from me.  How do I get this done and make sure the adults do not touch a penny?	Wills and Trusts Questions	South Carolina
Does  12-month furniture agreement meet definition of retail installment contract under FL law? Does  12-month furniture agreement meet definition of retail installment contract under FL law?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Are ER doctors required to carry malpractice insurance? Are ER doctors in Broward County Florida (Memorial Hospital West) required by law or by the hospital to carry medical malpractice insurance?	Employment Questions	New York
Can police follow me to private property and give ticket without lights or siren? Can a police officer follow me to private property and hand ticket and tow vehicle without ever turning on lights or siren?	Administrative Law Questions	Ohio
Question regarding my dad passing away and splitting his property in 3 ways for his children? My Dad Passed away and I am the executrix of his will. He has 34 acres in Georgia. There are three children. He did not list specifics in his will for the property. He always stated he would like for us to split it three ways.  I'm not sure what to do?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question regarding a warrant issued for grand theft auto in 2003? In 2003 a warrant was issued for grand theft auto.  I spoke to detectives and told them what happened and they spoke to the girl who owned the car and she didn't want to charge me.I borrowed her car and it got stolen from me by a guy we both knew.  I cooperated fully and never heard anything about it.  I never received a court date.  I was arrested in '04, I've been pulled over and have checked my county's warrant site...nothing ever came up. a employer ran a background check and it came up as an active warrant.  Now they are saying I either have to turn myself in or hire a lawyer.  The guy served time for this already.	Criminal Questions	Indiana
In NYS can you file bankruptcy against a judgement? In NYS can you file bankruptcy against a judgement?	Family Questions	New York
Can my boss give another employee with less seniority a raise? I am a caregiver for an elderly man.  I do not work through an agency. I have been there 11 yrs. and recently a girl walked out and they gave her raise and not me.  There are total of five employees.  Me and another girl are only ones who are full time.  Are there certain rules regarding this?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
What to do if I was named an inadequate supervisor making it so that i can&#39;t get a job working with kids? I was named an inadequate supervisor over my children which is now making it so that i can't get a job working with kids.	Family Questions	Illinois
Can I get any of my income tax when I&#39;m providing for my child in my home? I'm currently paying child support for my child (daughter). I'm wondering why I can't get any of my income tax when I'm providing for my child (son) in my home? I owe on my child support. How can I find my balance in this to know how much I owe? Can I get something back on my taxes instead of taking it all from me?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
If I&#39;m charged with a class 1 misdemeanor &amp; never had a criminal record what&#39;s my maximum penalty? If I am charged with a class 1 misdemeanor for brandishing a firearm and do not have and have never had a criminal record what would be my maximum penalty?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Do I have a time frame to change my mind on a furniture purchase? Do I have a time frame to change my mind on a furniture purchase with no special order floor sample? Thank you.	Consumer Questions	Ohio
Is there a date by which a financial statement should be issued? Is there a date by which a financial statement should be issued, that is before a stockholder's meeting and must it be verified by a separate accountant?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New Jersey
Does a divorce lawyer need to present in court to win if there is a contested divorce? Does a divorce lawyer need to present in court to win if there is a contested divorce?	Family Questions	Rhode Island
If I want to adopt my boyfriend&#39;s kids, Can I do this if we are not married in the state of MN? If I want to adopt my boyfriend's kids, Can I do this if we are not married in the state of MN? The birth mother is in the process of giving up her rights so I can have them.	Family Questions	California
How can my husband collect if he&#39;s been without a job for 6 months? How can my husband collect if he's been without a job for 6 months?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can a bill collector take my car if it is in my mother&#39;s name? Hello, can a bill collector take my car? They have already sued me, got judgment, garnishment, levy, we're unsuccessful at it. The only thing I have of value is my car. And the title is in my mother's name. I offered a settlement they refused wants more money.	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Can I get free legal aid for a D.U.I? Can I get free legal aid for a D.U.I?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
How do I go about showing proof that my ex-girlfriend is trying to set me up? On March 25, I defended my girlfriend against her son in a parking lot where I was injured. April 3, I left her, she told police I hit her, (it was the son) my sister heard her say since that incident that if I leave her, she will tell police I hit her. She has a picture of my swollen temple, I have statement from sister and texts where girlfriend threatened me.  The D.A. offered 3 yrs probation than rescinded, I am defending myself. How do I go about getting the security tape from shopping center to show what happened and how do I go about getting my witness to come to court via subpena? How do I get original officer to testify?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an only child be excluded from a will or trust? Can an only child be excluded from a will or trust?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Make me a felon if I failed to pay fines and I was revoked 6 months county jail time? I went under first defender act at the age of 17 in Georgia conspiracy to commit burglary. I was sentenced 12 months probation and I failed to pay fines. I was revoked 6 months county jail time! Does that make me a felon?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Legal to post the name of a minor in an online neighborhood paper police? Hi.  Is it legal in Suffolk County, New York to post the name of a 17-year-old minor in an online neighborhood paper police blotter stating he was arrested?	Criminal Questions	New York
Should I fight a citation for driving with a suspended license when my suspension was already over? Should I go to trial for getting caught driving while on a statutory summary suspension? When I was caught, my 6 mouths suspension was over. I got my DL reinstated a month after I got pulled over. They want me to serve 180 day in the county jail. Should I take it with good time or fight it?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
How can I tell the difference between an offer and an invitation for an offer in an advertisement? How can I tell the difference between an offer and an invitation for an offer in an advertisement?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
How can I get charges removed from my background report ASAP? I live in NC. In 2010 I rented some furniture from Rent-A-Center. The furniture had to be returned because I was unable to keep up with the payments. I returned the furniture to them, but on my records they have a misdemeanor charge on there staying that I never returned the furniture. I was never served papers nor did if ever go to court about this. It wasn't until I was denied employment that I realized these charges were even on my background report. When I spoke with RAC they admit that the furniture was returned but they claim that they can't do anything about the charges. How can I get these charges removed from my background report ASAP. I recently got a job at a school and I don't want this to prevent me from doing my dream job.	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
Can an undocumented person get married in Colorado? Can an undocumented person get married in Colorado?  What is required?  Is it safe to do at the courthouse?	Immigration Questions	Colorado
How to stop wage garnishments? How to stop wage garnishments?	Employment Questions	Virginia
If a landlord sells a leased property must they return the security deposit in the state of Pennsylvania? If a landlord sells a leased property must they return the security deposit in the state of Pennsylvania?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can pastors get unemployment benefits if their congregation can&#39;t pay their salary? Can pastors get unemployment benefits if their congregation can't pay their salary?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If my wife is a Mexican and has only a work permit, what is the stat of her having custody of the children? If my wife is a Mexican and has only a work permit, what is the stat of her having custody of the children? And her purpose is for me to pay support and food stamps, medical housing and all the good things the Government gives. So how can I win this?	Family Questions	Texas
I need to know if I am a sole proprietor and I give incentives to those in similar fields to refer clients my way, is that illegal in NC?  For example, if I say to someone, for every $500 worth of business you send me, you will receive $250 worth of services for yourself.  Would this be legal?	Advertising Law Questions	North Carolina
Liable if bill collector picked up the debt &amp; I paid the debt and they want to charge me $1500 for collection? We signed a form that said we were responsible for all fees regardless of insurance coverage. A bill collector picked up the debt and I paid the debt and they want to charge me $1500.00 for collection. Am I liable?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Against the law for my employer to tell my coworkers the results of my drug test in a meeting? my employer did a drug test on 6 employees and told the results in front of all employees in the meeting. Isn't that against the law?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Is the balance carried from a reversed mortgage if a warranty deed is out in place? Is the balance carried from a reversed mortgage if awarranty deedis out in place?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What rights do I have if I have lived with someone for 5 years and have bills? What rights do I have if I have lived with someone for 5 years and have bills? They're in my name in reference to eviction.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can they charge that rental fee and keep the down payment without my consent? Three weeks ago I filled out paperwork to purchase a used car w/ limited warranty. They have a seven day money back refund policy. After seven days I was concerned about issues regarding the vehicle that were not present within the first seven days of purchase. As it turns out they called me and said that there was more paperwork regarding the financing that needed to be signed for the purchase to go forward. I called the lender they stated that if they don't receive the paper work they would cancel the financing. I put 1000 down up front, dealer said if I want to return the vehicle I would lose down payment and be charged a rental fee for the van around 1200 dollars. Can they charge that rental fee, and keep down payment w/ out my consent?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Can i have my ex arrested if she moves without giving such notice? i have joint custody of my son. We live in Mobile Al. . His mom wants to move to Chicago IL. We have joint custody of our son. My divorce papers, state she has to give me notice by mail. i have 30 days to decline the move. I haven't received any notice at all. Can i have her arrested if she moves without giving such notice?	Family Questions	Alabama
Question regarding renting a government place my parents lived in and paying the difference? looking to rent a government place my parents lived there when i was a child. I go back and try to get me a place through them and they say i have to pay what my parents didn't pay for their last month living there.	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
Do I have to pay child support if he goes to job corp? Do I have to pay child support if he goes to job corp?	Family Questions	New York
If I was caught shoplifting for a second time but was just fined, what&#39;s gonna happen next? If I was caught shoplifting for a second time but was not arrested, just fines and banned from the stores, what's gonna happen next? Will I face jail time? I'm scared .	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What is longevity discount? We have heard of a realestate tax concept called, "longevity discount".  Can you tell us something about this?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If not paid rent, landlord go to court or give me 5-day notice? If I haven't paid this month's rent, can my landlord go to court or do they need to give me a five day notice of intent first?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
Is having a health care proxy and a living will the same as a DNR or do you need a separate DNR form? Is having a health care proxy and aliving will formthe same as a DNR or do you need a spearate DNR form?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
When buying real estate on an &quot;as is&quot; basis, is a disclosure statement required? When buying Florida real estate, a duplex, on an "as is" basis, does Florida law require a disclosure statement from the seller revealing any problems with the real property including defects in the building? And, if so, and there was no revelation regarding physical problems with the building, is the seller obligated to pay for the repairs?	Consumer Questions	Florida
I want to file for an amendment but I want to know how likely it is that I will get it? I am getting a divorce and have a 3yr old daughter. the current support order is for over 1,000 a month- I get paid 1,600 (net) a month- I want to file for an amendment but I want to know how likely it is that I will get it?	Family Questions	Colorado
If I lost a house in 2003 and the house has been abandoned, can I get it back? If I lost a house in 2003 and the house has been abandoned, can I get it back?	Real Estate Questions	California
How long can they wait to give a ticket to someone who got in trouble on May 12 2012? How long can they wait to give a ticket to some one who got in trouble on May 12 2012? They just came and gave him a ticket for buying cigarettes for a minor?	Criminal Questions	Delaware
What to do if my manager will not replace my broken fridge? I am a shareholder and management. The previous broke my fridge and manager gave me in place a used one that lasted 4 months and now will not help me. All my food went to waste and I have been 8 days with no fridge. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
What&#39;s the difference between Agreement for Deed and a Lease to own document? What's the difference between Agreement for Deed and a Lease to own document?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do if landowner is sending unlicensed people to fix damages in the house? There's damages in the home and has mold links in the roof. AC is not working as will. Landowner is sending unlicensed people that make the matter worse.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can my ex be arrested if he went into my house and burned my stuff even if the house is under his name? I'm divorced and my house is in mine and my ex husbands name. I went away and he went in my house and either stole or burned my belongings. Can he be arrested?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Is there Privacy Law of Someone showing Nude photos without permission? Is there Privacy Law of Someone showing Nude photos without permission?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
With Invasion of privacy, can it be done by  any level of security such as word of mouth? With Invasion of privacy, can it be done by  any level of security such as the local pd by just hearing it as the word of mouth? While slandering that's person character.	Criminal Questions	Arizona
What to do if I got injured and my boss told me that I&#39;m not allowed to go back cause he&#39;s not pay for it? I got injured at work last week so I have gone to a doctor authorized by my employer. Today was my first session of therapy for my hand and my boss called me and told me that I am not allowed to go back because he is not gonna pay for it. What should or can I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Massachusetts
What do I do if someone with a key came into my room and got my jewelry? I live at Barge RD highriese and someone with a key came into my room and got my good jewelry. Will u please write me? I can't read my email. Yhank you.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What do you do to get property in wife&#39;s name if husband died? 2 parcels of properties and 1 joint owned by husband and wife. The other owned solely  in husband's name. The husband is now deceased. What do you do to get property in wife's name or heir's name. Also what happens to homestead exemption? Does the one heir that has lived there all their life possible still get homestead exemption? Also there was no will made out.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I need a lawyer if my ex is going to apply for retirement? My ex-husband is going to apply for his retirement. He has two. I'm entitled to half of them. Do I need a lawyer?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Law if you put a friend&#39;s name on your emergency list that they can be held responsible for the costs? Is there a law in Oklahoma that says if you put a friend's name on your emergency list that they can be held responsible for the costs incurred in said hospital?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Oklahoma
Is my second amendment rights automatically restored if my last conviction was in 1991? I have old felony convictions in Phila. Pa. last conviction was in 1991. is my second amendment rights automatically restored?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Does Florida have an open beach law? Does Florida have an open beach law?	Criminal Questions	Texas
What to do if fired without any sign-off procedure and can&#39;t pick up belongings? I was fired from work by receiving a call at night without any sign off procedure and cannot take back personal belongings after raising concerns to supervisor about possible misconduct in research in a big pharma company. The zip code is 01810.contact me at&#121;&#x69;&#110;&#108;&#101;&#x69;&#55;&#x31;&#x36;&#64;&#x79;&#97;&#104;&#111;&#111;&#46;&#x63;&#x6f;&#109;	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is there a law that prohibits hospitals from putting foot rails up on a hospital bed? Is there Louisiana state law that prohibits hospitals from putting foot rails up on a hospital bed to keep a patient from falling out of bed ?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
Cn I emancipate my 17 year old early if I want them to be considered an adult? If I live in Georgia can I emancipate my 17 year old early if I want them to be considered an adult?	Family Questions	Florida
What are the new laws in MA with immigration? What are the new laws in MA with immigration?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
How do I go about getting my deposit back? I just moved out of an apartment and the landlord is holding my security deposit even though he said the apartment was in great condition. How do I go about getting my deposit back?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
What&#39;s the legal travel age in California? What is the legal age to travel in California? Can you be 17?	Criminal Questions	California
Can I get a lawyer to help me when the accident happened in March 2010? I was hurt in a flip over accident and walked away with no injuries. My tail bone did hurt a little & now the pain has gotten worse and I have some serious issues. What can I do? I have gone to the doctors and the hospitals and now they are finding serious issues for what I really needed to find out in the first place. Can I still get a lawyer?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Question about closing on a house on the last day of a contract offer? We are supposed to close on a house on the last day of a contract offer (Short Sale Incentive from Chase). The seller still plans on moving on that day.  We need to do a walk through and wire transfer THAT day.  Can he do this or does he have to be out before?	Real Estate Questions	New Hampshire
Do i have to pay a compensation to my realtor if i don&#39;t want to work with him anymore? Do i have to pay a compensation to my realtor if i dont wanna work with him anymore and cancel the contract?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
Can a probation officer be married to a state&#39;s prosecutor? Can a probation officer be married to a state's prosecutor?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
Are there any signs of wrongful death if the pacemaker had issues? (Wrongful Death) My mother died last month from a heart attack that could've been prevented. She had a pacemaker for about 4-5 years and she also had a couple of health problems over the last 3 months she had 3 heart attacks. The pacemaker stopped working a year ago and we her family just founding out. Are there any signs of wrongful death?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
If a 6-month lease runs out, how many days notice to provide the landlord? In New York, if a six month lease runs out, how many days notice to you have to provide the landlord?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How to proceed with counter claim? I am being sued by a company and I would like to file a counter claim of harassment. I need help in how to proceed with the counter claim.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What does being fired from a job entail? What does being fired from a job entail?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Is there a legal time frame that my employer has to continue to pay for my medical benefits? My employer has recently laid me off due to lack of work. I have not worked for 4 weeks now. I was told on June 19, that as of June 30, my employer will no longer pay for my medical benefits as a result of the temporary lay off. Eleven days seems a bit of a short time for them to do that. Is there a legal time frame that my employer has to continue to pay for my medical benefit  when I am temporarily laid off?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can i still get back pay child support for my daughter? Can i still get back pay child support for my daughter? She is an adult now. I was supposed to receive $75.00 a month in 1989 and never got anything.	Family Questions	West Virginia
Landlord having problems with a tenant? I am a landlord and I am having problems with a tenant.  Is there any way I can get them out before their lease is up?  Like going to my District Magistrate or my Attorney?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Am I still entitled to partial to my ex&#39;s settlement? My ex husband was in an accident and the case is pending. We are now divorced. Am I still entitled to partial that settlement?	Personal Injury Questions	New Jersey
Can we go to courthouse and add our son as part owner of the deed? We have a Wyndham deeded property in Panama City, FL. We would like to add my son to the deed to make him part owner. Can we go to court house ourselves and add him?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
If ex doesn&#39;t have a job, but is capable of one can she still receive child support? I just started paying child support two months ago, and I have 50/50 custody if not more of my son.  His mother lied on the forms saying she pays $2,500/month for mortgage, which is a lie because that hasn't been paid in over a year.  On top of that she said she has a new job working 40hours a week which is also a lie.  She may work 15/hrs a week if at all.  I want to know how I can fight these issues and if I can get a lower payment for this.  I would also like to know that if she doesn't have a job, but is capable of one can she still receive child support?	Family Questions	Minnesota
How do I find out about the outcome of an old case which was in 1963? How do I find out about the outcome of an old case which was in 1963? My parents were in an car accident and was hit by 3 cars. Two of the car insurances went bankrupt and the state took over the case. My parents are both deceased but I promised to find out what happen to their case because I believe it was settle and my parents were awarded a nice big settlement but every-time they contacted their lawyer he would make an appt. with them and when they got there the office look like no one ever was there. I made a promise to my mother to get to the bottom of this on her dying bed. I hope someone can help me and show how to get the results my family is looking for. Thank you very much.	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
What can I do to make sure I get the full payoff amount and a new car after damaged by manhole cover left by city? I hit a manhole cover that had been pulled out of the ground and left in the middle of the roadway totaling out my brand new car. What can I do to make sure I get the full payoff amount and a new car?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Question regarding unclaimed funds in my late mother&#39;s name? Unclaimed funds in my deceased mom's name. I need legal document showing right to funds. Mom died in Wood Cty., OH. I live in IN. A probate Ct. or trust document, or a release from administration, or a letter of authority, or a report of newly discovered assets is required. The rpt of asset form requires attorney sign and ID. Can't I do this myself some way?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
Can I start collecting alimony again if I cohabitate and then my boyfriend moves out? if i receive alimony and than i cohabitate and the payments stop and then four years later my boyfriend moves out, can i start collecting alimony again	Family Questions	North Carolina
What type of rights do couples have if one bought property not using the others income for payments? What type of legal rights do couples that live together have if one has bought property not using the others income or credit rating or money for down payments?	Family Questions	California
What should I do if I&#39;m paying child support and the father wants an extension but I&#39;m jobless? I'm paying child support for 1 child. He just turn 18 and his father is asking for an extension. I lost my job on September of last year. My son is disabled but nothing serious. What can I do? I also have a 16 year old teenager in high school the child in question is not attending school. Please give me some advice as I can not hired a lawyer. thank you	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can association ask a home owner to pay a fee when the the home was in foreclosure? Can association ask a home owner to pay a fee when the the home was in foreclosure?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
What to do with divorce with child and back child support? What to do with divorce with child and back child support?	Family Questions	Missouri
New rule that people who own their condos can no longer smoke in their own homes? can a home owners association impose a new rule that people who own their condo's can no longer smoke in their own homes?	Family Questions	California
What are the rules for a divorce with overnight guest? In my separation and custody agreement, it states that I am unable to have an overnight guest of the opposite sex while my kids are with me. Is that permanent or just until divorce is finalized?	Family Questions	Virginia
How can a letter from the school warrant to stop support payments? My daughter, who I pay child support on, turned 18 in April & graduated high school in June.  The Texas A.G.'s office sent notice to my employer to stop support payments by her 18th b-day. Order of Witholdings & Divorce Decree state I am to pay until she is 18. On 7/20 I received a letter from the A.G.'s office saying I was 2 months behind in payments. I called to see what this was about and was told that they received a letter from her school stating I need to continue to pay until she graduated. This was AFTER the case was closed AND Orders state that payments are to cease upon turning 18.  How can a letter from the school warrant such action? It was my understanding a motion had to be filed and a hearing had to take place. Thank You.	Family Questions	Texas
Do I as the landlord have a right to have a key to all my units? Do I as the landlord have a right to have a key to all my units?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can a company legally take a civil suit against me states away? I was just contacted about a civil suit against me in regards to a credit card I had in 2003from a law firm in California. Can they legally take a civil suit against me states away? I live in Florida.	Consumer Questions	Florida
Question regarding buying a home I paid for inspections and then found out it was in a flood zone? I was in the process of buying a home I paid for inspections and then found out it was in a flood zone. It was never disclosed. Now I've canceled the contract and wondering if there is a way to get my money back for the inspections?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Bridge of contract if my lawyer told me that the seller did not sign the contract? I am a buyer.  I found that the seller broker lied to me when he say that the seller changed her mind, but the seller lawyer told my lawyer that the seller did sign the contract. Is this a bridge of contract?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What if my landlord has locked all of my possessions so I don&#39;t have access to them? What if my landlord has locked all of my possessions so I don't have access to them? Is it called convection and what do i do to get my things back?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What can I do if I have a court ordered child visitation but my ex is not following it? I have a court order of child visitation in 2006 but my ex is not following it and I haven't seen my daughter. Can I still do something about it?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
If I&#39;m in the process of trying to get my child, can they stop me because i live with a sex offender? I am in the process of trying to get my child. Can they stop me from bring him home because i live with a sex offender?	Family Questions	Kentucky
What to do if my landlord is withholding my documents because I owe her a lot of money? My landlord has all my documents of Russian passport, green card, and my driver's license. She is saying I owe her a lot of money so she wouldn't give it back to me.	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What forms do you need to open an after school care? What forms do you need to open an after school care?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Louisiana
Is it an infringement on personal health care records for a school teacher to demand this information from a student? Is it an infringement on personal health care records for a school teacher to demand this information from a student?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Legal time to get estranged husband&#39;s belongings out. I threw my husband out 1/11/2012. How many legal days do I have to get him the rest of his personal belongings? He has plenty of clothes, hygiene and other personal things.	Family Questions	Kentucky
In real estate what does an easement to use a parking area mean? In real estate what does an easement to use a parking area mean?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Who has the right of way at the crosswalk? Who has the right of way at the crosswalk who has a stop sign right next to school between a car and a kid with a bike?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
I sent a truck from New Jersey to North Carolina with my product and the truck had an accident and the tow truck company is holding my mercandise until they get paid for the tow. Can they do this?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New Jersey
If someone is a salaried employee what restrictions would there be for them to work more than 40 hours? If someone is a salaried employee what restrictions would there be for them to work more than 40 hours?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Can my employer expect me to work 7 days a week with no time off and pay me for only 5 days? I live & work on a horse ranch, my rent and utilities are free, due to an injury to a co-worker on 8/15/11 I haven't had a day off since. I am paid for a 40 hour work week Monday-Friday, I'm required to feed the animals on Saturday & Sunday morning and evenings with no pay. Can my employer expect me to work 7 days a week with no time off and pay me for only 5 days?	Employment Questions	California
In the state of Georgia are you free to drop out at 16 but cannot enroll in school yourself at 17? In the state of Georgia are you free to drop out at 16 but cannot enroll in school yourself at 17?	Family Questions	Georgia
Do I need to refrain from being seen with other women if I&#39;m in the process of an uncontested divorce? If I am in the process of getting an uncontested divorce. Papers are filed. Do I need to refrain from talking, texting or being seen with other women?	Family Questions	New York
How long does it take for a bankruptcy? How long does it take for a bankruptcy?	Family Questions	Georgia
if you are wanted in NY &amp; you are stopped in PA can PA just turn you over without going to jail first? if you are wanted in NY state and you are stopped in PA can PA just turn you over to NY without taking u to PA jail first?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can my landlord evict me if the department of welfare is going to pay my rent? Can my landlord evict me if the department of welfare is going to pay my rent?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Need help in collection of receiving a default judgement against a bail bond company? I just received a default judgement against a bail bond company in Gwinnett, GA for $84500.00. I need help in collection of this money.	Consumer Questions	Georgia
How do you get a legal separation in New York state? How do you get a legal separation in New York state?	Family Questions	New York
If my appeal is dismissed for &quot;failure to procure the record&#39; can I still sue my attorney for malpractice? If my (plaintiff) appeal is dismissed for "failure to procure the record' can I still sue my attorney for malpractice and misrep?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What are the requirements for non-clinic crisis pregnancy centers to provide ultrasounds? What are the FL state requirements for non-clinic crisis pregnancy centers to provide ultrasounds?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Is there any legal problem with lease optioning a property or &quot;subject to&quot;  real estate in PA? Is there any legal problem with lease optioning a property or "subject to"  real estate in PA?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What would be a better legal option for me the buyer: Lease-to-own or contract for deed? I am interested in buying an owner financed property here in Tampa, FL.  I am interested in knowing what would be a better legal option for me as the buyer: Lease-to-own or contract for deed?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What can we do as beneficiaries to stop the sale of property in a trust? What can we do as beneficiaries to stop the sale of property in a trust? We are still presently looking for a loan.  And it has been a year.	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How does joint custody work with a two year old? How does joint custody work with a two year old? Does the child live with one parent half the year and then the other parent for the other 6 months?	Family Questions	New York
Does a landlord legally have to give me 30-days notice? I live with a lady that said I have to move. It's her house and she was renting a room to me. I can't pay rent and move to. By law doesn't she have to give me 30 days to be out?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
If I need to notify the mortgage of my husband&#39;s death, do I need to send a death certificate with letter? My husband died a few weeks ago. I need to notify the mortgage company, do I need to send a death certificate with a letter?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
Employer make me pay for the background check and drug test? Can an employer make me pay for the background check and drug test in the state of Illinois?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Do I have the right to hold my wife&#39;s money when she is drunk and she wants the money back? Do I have the right to hold my wife's money when she is drunk and she wants the money back?	Family Questions	California
Can a mom who&#39;s husband is deployed get fired for taking time to take her children to doctors? Can a mom who's husband is deployed get fired for taking time to take her children to doctors and other appointments?	Family Questions	New York
How much rights do I have if my girlfriend gets sick or dies when we have been living together for 12 years? I have been living with my girlfriend for 12 years and dating her for over 20. How much rights do I have if she get sick or dies?	Family Questions	Illinois
Will Minnesota extradite someone for a felony assault charge if they are in Colorado? Will Minnesota extradite someone for a felony assault charge if they are in Colorado? And they are in violation of their probation?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Should my daughter be able to get anything for the pain and suffering of her broken leg? My daughter fell at a haunted house, and broke her leg. They have insurance and are paying the medical bills,but told me she will not get anything for lost wages and pain and suffering. Should my daughter be able to get anything for that?  I also took a week off of work to care for her the first week, am i able to collect those wages also?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Correct if my friend has to contact a lawyer if she&#39;s been cohabiting with the father of her children? I have a friend who has been cohabiting with the father of her children and will not leave their house. They have a long history of domestic abuse thankfully this is not one of those times. The magistrate judge told her she had to contact a lawyer. Is this correct?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
If life policies were to protect alimony payments, can this be modified? My husband agreed in his divorce to name his as beneficiary on a $600k life policy, then drop her portion to $300k after 10 years for life-with alimony ending if no remarriage on her part  at age 63. I thought life policies were to protect alimony payments, not be for life. Can this be modified? Fl is currently going through alimony reform which likely will end long term alimony at retirement. We would like to remove her as beneficiary at the earliest possible.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What are the state laws regarding to landlords making you remove non permanent structures in yard? What are the state laws regarding to landlords making you remove non permanent structures in yard and other tenants influencing the landlord against you?	Real Estate Questions	Oklahoma
Can a company take all your money you have in the bank for a garnishment? Can a company take all your money you have in the bank for a garnishment?	Consumer Questions	Kentucky
How do you enforce a warranty when the contractor fails to respond? How do you enforce a warranty when the contractor fails to respond?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an employee get fired for texting another employee after hours using vulgar language? Can an employee get fired for texting another employee after hours using vulgar language?	Employment Questions	Michigan
If a company offers a warranty, does this mean they can require you to use their service and pay a fee? If a company offers a 3 year parts warranty that stipulates "you pay labor", does this mean they can require you to use their service and pay them a service fee to get the part?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a private company in Virginia mandate direct deposit? Can a private company in Virginia mandate direct deposit?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Legal for our employer to take our pooled tips to pay for a salaried employee&#39;s 3 week vacation? I am working as a bartender/waitress in a private country club,and I recently found out that my employer has been taking our pooled tips to pay for a salaried employee's 3 week vacation pay. Also we have been contributing from our pooled tips another salaried employee's wages! Is this legal and if not what can I do to stop this from happening? We are currently giving up 20 to 28 percent of our earned tips each and every pay period !!! I am tired of paying my immediate managers pay for them to not work! HELP !!	Employment Questions	Florida
Is  it legal taking pictures in a private property without permission? Is  it legal taking pictures in a private property without permission?	Criminal Questions	California
Legal for the petitioner to willfully send divorce papers to wrong address to have the courts file in their favor? is it legal for the petitioner, having full knowledge of the respondents current address,to willfully send divorce papers to wrong address for the purpose of having the courts file in their favor? And denying the respondent's rights of answering to the divorce?	Family Questions	Florida
Can we apply for the DEA license under my partner&#39;s name in the same location? The DEA has been stalling on a response for 9 months on a license for a pharmacy. I have invested a lot of money into the building and already received my state license. The agent just called me and said that he does not want to approve me because of some rumors that my competitors have spread about me. The situation is really unfair. What steps can be done to get the license? Is there another way to do the process? Can we apply for the DEA license under my partner's name in the same location?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Michigan
In Colorado, what does C.R.C.P. stand for? In Colorado, what does C.R.C.P. stand for? Is it Colorado Revised Civil Procedures, or what?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Can I sponsor someone if I have government student loans? Can I sponsor someone if I have government student loans?	Education Questions	Utah
How do I prepare a precipice to withdraw the count for equitable distribution in a divorce? How do I prepare a precipice to withdraw the count for equitable distribution in a divorce?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I sue the city if I&#39;ve been abused and humiliated by the super for long time? Can I sue the city?  I'm a city employee and I've been abused and humiliated by the super for long time.I went to Human Right and the result was unlawful.  I asked for transfer.  Than I was approved by the administrative director.I have signed the papers because I want to have peace.  They tricked me on the papers and they had said job performance plan was poor. I did not pay much attention because I was so happy to relief from the abusively treatment.At new place, I was treated as a prisoner as they ordered all the colleagues that I work with to monitor me take notes.Plus my supervisor and her assistance watched over my shoulder every day, took notes and took me to the meeting once a moth accusing and punishing me. I was suspended for 3 days and now they suspended me for 5 days.	Employment Questions	Virginia
How do I go about transferring my late mother&#39;s stocks to my name? My mother passed away here in Florida ( it will be 2 years Feb. 2013 ) and left no will. I'm the only immediate family member left. How do I go about transferring her stocks to my name ?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I claim my kids if I pay child support if my ex girlfriend doesn&#39;t work? Can I claim my kids if I pay child support if my ex girlfriend doesn't work?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Does the police have the right to search your vehicle without a warrant? Does the police have the right to search your vehicle without a warrant?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
How old must the children be in order to decide which parent they live with? In the state of California, how old must the children be in order to decide which parent they live with?	Family Questions	California
Is it possible for me to change my last without having to get a new SSN? Is it possible for me to change my last without having to get a new SSN?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I get court order against management of my restaurant? How can I get court order against management of my restaurant?	Employment Questions	Indiana
What can I do if my ex will not help with our daughter&#39;s college tuition? My ex will not help with our daughter's college tuition. What can I do?	Family Questions	Missouri
Should my ex-husband be allowed to be alone with our 13-month-old if he is insulin dependent? Should my ex-husband be allowed to be alone with our 13-month-old if he is insulin dependent?	Family Questions	Tennessee
What are the eviction procedures in Florida? What are the eviction procedures in Florida?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I take my cousin to court for the stuff that I had in her house if she put it out? Can I take my cousin to court for the stuff that I had in her house if she put it out?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can I file a second lawsuit against an employer that I have already won a settlement? Can I file a second lawsuit for discrimination and wrongful termination against an employer that I have already won a settlement for workman's compensation?	Employment Questions	Colorado
What is the procedure to evict tenants who owe me 3 months rent? I am a landlord owner of a commercial unit in Florida,the tenant owes me 3 months rent.The leases has expired so no valid lease.What is the procedure to evict them?What are my rights?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What advantage do I have in obtaining  full custody of my children if I go to court first? What advantage do I have in obtaining  full custody of my children if I go to court first as opposed to my spouse going first?	Family Questions	Michigan
Is there anything my husband can do to settle his small estate without her signature? My father in law died in May 2012. He had no will and no bank accounts. My adult sister in law won't sign so that we can sell his 2 vehicles and camper trailer. Is there anything my husband can do to settle his small estate without her signature?	Family Questions	Virginia
What is withdrawal and release? What is withdrawal and release?	Criminal Questions	Hawaii
Question regarding joint custody and if it conflicts with my schedule? In my joint custody plan it states "every Wednesday overnight not superseded by summer / holiday schedule. This means that the summer /holiday schedule does not over ride my every Wednesday overnight? correct?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
Do I have the right as the landowner to be able to sell the stuff? someone left a horse and some machinery on my property without my permission. it has been on my property for 15 months with no financial transaction taken place. Do I have the right as the landowner to be able to sell this stuff?	Consumer Questions	Missouri
What happens when you forge daily pbts? What happens when you forge daily pbts?	Family Questions	California
What steps can I take to get my former employer to report all my earnings to unemployment resolved? I filed for unemployment 6 weeks ago and my former employer has not reported all my earnings to unemployment. I worked for this person for 2 years. What steps can I take to get this issue resolved? She also owes me back wages which I will never see.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Do gas station/convenient stores suppose to have public restrooms? Do gas station/convenient stores suppose to have public restrooms?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
My grandma passed away and has 3 credit cards in her name and I&#39;m an authorized user on them. Am I responsible to pay them back? My grandma passed away and has 3 credit cards in her name and I'm an authorized user on them. Am I responsible to pay them back?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Wisconsin
What happens if a man has a felony and his probation revoked because of a shooting he was blamed for? What happens if a 22-year-old male has a felony from a burglary and his probation revoked because of a shooting he was blamed for?	Family Questions	Illinois
How do I get the PPO off me? Someone has a pp against me. However, he continues to contact me & invite me over and buy me things. He only wants to use the pp when he is with someone else or doesn't want to be bothered. How do I get this off me?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
What rights do I have as a father? What rights do I have as a father?	Family Questions	Maine
How do I lower my child support? How do I lower my child support?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Are my divorce papers still good if I got divorced in Mississippi but we lived together? If I got divorced in Mississippi then my ex And I lived together in Louisiana now we are not together anymore. Are my divorce papers still good?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Question regarding going to court for an eviction? If I went to court for an eviction, and made an agreement to pay and move out by a certain date, and now can't move for that date, what happens now?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Question regarding refunds and option to switch on a different date when not informing their closing days? I booked a trip with Indiana beach. They called two days ago to say that the park wouldn't be open on Thursday and Friday while we are there. They are only offering a refund for those days, not the others that we were there. The other option they give is to switch to a different date. Can they do this? They are saying that their refund policy states that you have to cancel within 31 days of the trip (August 15) but they just told us on July 18?	Consumer Questions	California
What I can do to take back my truck if my friend took it to a pawnshop and disappeared? I gave my truck o a friend with the signed title for sale. Now he changed the title without authorization and put my truck in a pawnshop and disappeared. What I can do to tack back my truck?	Criminal Questions	California
Correct in extending a probation period after the probation period had been completed? I am a city government employee who was transferred into a new position on January 1, 2012. My employee handbook states that transfers are subject to a probation period of 6 months. On July 10, 2012, I received a memo  telling me that my probation was extended an additional two months. I am 64 years and using a similar process three other 60+ employees have been fired. Two questions: 1. Are they correct in extending a probation period after the probation period had been completed? and 2. Do you feel that there is a strong enough pattern here to argue a possible age- discrimination case?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Is it a violation of labor laws if you are disciplined and everyone talks about it? In Illinois, if you are disciplined with a written warning and other employees are told about it and its talked about with other co-workers, is it a violation of the labor laws?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How long can I not pay the lot rent before the park owner can take legal action against me? This a question concerning the laws in the state of Florida. My father passed away in June of this year. He owned a trailer in a 55+ MHP. The trailer is paid for but, he paid lot rent. I am unemployed, applying for disability. How long can I not pay the lot rent before the park owner can take legal action against me including taking the trailer from me?	Real Estate Questions	California
What rights do we have if we don&#39;t have a lease? What rights do we have if we don't have a lease?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Does it still affect my background check if the judge didn&#39;t seal one of my cases? i have petition to seal my record but the judge  didn't seal one of the cases, does it still affect my background check	Employment Questions	California
What can I do if my son borrowed my husband&#39;s guitar and now he refuses to give it back? My son borrowed my husband's guitar and now he refuses to give it back. What can I do or what do I have to do to get it back?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Is a verbal contract binding for 3 or 5 years in the state of Oklahoma? Is a verbal contract binding for 3 or 5 years in the state of Oklahoma?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Texas
Can a supervisor watch and time their employees on the building security cameras? Can a supervisor watch and time their employees on the building security cameras?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Question regarding Social Security and if my account has any money? I am receiving Social Security.  When I started, I needed  payee.  When I got better, I ended my payee services.  I had about $700 left in my account.  They told me they had to send it back to Social Security.  Social Security has no record of this money.  I tried to call the agency but no one would even talk to me.  I called the local Social  Security.  They have not contacted me.	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Am I covered by any law to terminate the contract if I had the alarm for 5 years? I am a military spouse. My family moved to CA do to my husband's job. We have a property in Las Vegas that has an alarm system. I am currently renting it out and my contract for the alarm ended in June. The alarm called me to charge for the month of July, saying they automatically renewed for another year. Since I didn't write a letter saying I wanted to cancel. Am I covered by any law to terminate the contract? I had the alarm for 5 years.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can I live with my grandmother in IL without parental consent if I&#39;m 16 living in MI? I live in Michigan, but want to live with my grandmother in Illinois. I'm 16. Can I do this without parental consent?	Family Questions	Illinois
If I was injured at work, how do I receive my salary if they are not offering worker&#39;s comp? I was injured on the job. I am waiting two weeks to see an Orthopedic surgeon. How do I receive my salary? They are not offering worker's comp.	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can an employer tell you that you have won an award trip &amp; later tax that trip without written notice? Can an employer tell you you have won an award trip for you and a guest and later tax that trip without written notice that it would be taxed?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I use my security deposit  for rent? Can I use my security deposit for rent?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Do i have a choice as to what city I can file for a divorce? I live in Escondido, CA and my wife lives in Redwood City, CA.  Do I have a choice as to what city I can file for a divorce?	Family Questions	California
Verbal agreement valid considering child custody? i had a child custody agreement 9 years ago to see my daughter twice a week and every other weekend. Since then my ex and I, due to work schedules, had agreed to just every other weekend and whenever I could get off work. We swapped weekends all the time and now she is threatening to take me back to court for the days that I missed per our agreement in court. Is the verbal agreement valid? I have no problem going back to court to make the new days valid but wanted to know if she can go after me for back days I missed that we had agreed upon?	Family Questions	California
Will my child support be reduced because my ex-husband is having a baby with his current wife? Will my child support be reduced because my ex-husband is having a baby with his current wife?	Family Questions	Michigan
If tenant dies, how long does landlord wait before entering? If tenant has died, how long does the landlord have to wait before entering the premises?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I get sued for malpractice if I&#39;m a lawn mower repairman? Can I get sued for malpractice if I'm a lawn mower repairman?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can a city cop declare someones vehicle and house abandon and have the vehicle towed off when the property is owned by you and the place is not abandon? Can a city cop declare someones vehicle and house abandon and have the vehicle towed off when the property is owned by you and the place is not abandon?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
How much can an executor of an estate get paid in the state of Connecticut? How much can an executor of an estate get paid in the state of Connecticut?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Connecticut
Problem to sell home if mortgage is in our daughter&#39;s name but title is in the parents? If the mortgage on my home is in our daughter's name but the deed and title is in the name of her father and mother will a problem take place if we decide to sell?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question regarding a recent theft of my auto? I would like to know a couple of things regarding a recent theft of my auto. The auto was parked by valet at a hospital in plain view of the attendants. They left the keys in the auto and it was there for a couple hours before it was stolen. The attendants witnessed the theft and ran after the vehicle. Is this a case of negligence? Also the personal property in the auto is over 500.00 can that be claimed in a a case? Due to the loss, my spouse has great difficulty making it to the necessary doctor appointment and causes suffering. Should this be claimed as well? I am highly discouraged that we will not be able to afford another vehicle we had, it was a 30,000 dollar suv.	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Can my landlord get my roommates removed when she harasses them? I have a home that I hold the mortgage on.  I am also on the deed with another person who I had a falling out with 4 yrs ago.  When we had the falling out she moved out of the home and has not contributed any money toward the home since.  She comes to the house every so often and harasses me and my roommates.  What rights does she have?  Can she get my roommates removed?  Can she move back in?  Can I get her off the deed?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can the law refuse me my rights without a court order to look at a youth record? I passed the gun safety test 100%. I had a youth authority conviction at 17, but not tried as a adult. I have never had an arrest or even a speeding ticket in over 50 years, or any trouble with the law. I am 70 years old. I applied for a gun permit & they looked up my youth authority record & will not let me own a firearm. The youth authority records are sealed and the law asked if you have been convected of a felony at 18 years old or as an adult. The answer is no. Can the law refuse me my rights without a court order to look at a youth record? thanks&#115;&#116;&#x65;&#x76;&#101;&#x2e;&#x63;&#114;&#x61;&#110;&#100;&#101;&#x6c;&#108;&#x2e;&#x73;&#x74;&#x65;&#x76;&#101;&#x40;&#x79;&#x61;&#104;&#111;&#111;&#x2e;&#x63;&#x6f;&#109;	Criminal Questions	California
Can my husband&#39;s ex  come after my income for child support payments? Can my husband's ex  come after my income for child support payments? My husband hasn't been able to fully comply with the divorce agreement as his  income reduced. He hasn't been late/under paid in 10 yrs.We live if FL, they in NJ. She filed a motion to receive the difference between what he has given her & what the agreement states (425 bi-weekly), he is countering with a request for modified payments due to his reduced income, paperwork asks for our household income & our 2011 joint tax return. His job changed in June from 50k to 10.25 hr. He is still looking for a job with a similar income to what he had but until then he took the part time hourly job. My income is barely covering our living expenses as we go through this.	Family Questions	Florida
In Missouri what&#39;s the legal aspect on a homewrecker and a husband&#39;s infidelity? In Missouri what's the legal aspect on a homewrecker and a husband's infidelity?	Family Questions	Missouri
What would my next step be to try to obtain my final paychecks? For the past 3 months I have been doing Design Consulting for a local Michigan company.  I have been paid a fixed amount weekly.  I resigned last week and have been requesting my final 2 paychecks (they did not pay me the prior week).  I have been requesting the checks via email so that I have a record of their response.  They will not respond to me.  What would my next step be and should I try to contact them in a different way?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can I sue my car dealership to recover late fees and towing? Ive been paying the dealership my monthly carnotes every month, but I have accumulated about $327 in late fees! The company was aware that I did not have a job and continued to take my monthly payments.  My car would have been paid off 7/30/12. But as of 6/1/12, the dealership had repossessed my car for late fees and then told me that I had to pay the late fees plus the remaining balance as well as the towing fees in the amount of $1674 in order to get my car back. This is the second time that they have taken my car and each time it attached late fees. I have paid over $2000 in late fees.  Can I sue my car dealership to recover late fees and towing?	Consumer Questions	California
Is a power of Attorney null after a year? Is a power of Attorney null after a year?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Arkansas
What papers do I fill out to make my car payments lower? What papers do I fill out to make my car payments lower?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Maryland
Trademark Dress According to a Trademark Dress, can a design be similar to another product out in the market?  For example: Voss Water bottle, can I create a bottle that is a cylinder round shape with a different design on the bottle?	Consumer Questions	California
How long do you have to live in a house in order to rent it out? How long do you have to live in a house in order to rent it out?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Will my husband&#39;s ACD be affected if he was taken to the police station for trespassing? My husband was recently given an ACD ( march 2012) last night there was a dispute with the neighbor stating my husband was trespassing on the neighbors property, my husband was taken to the police station but not arrested he was given a court date to appear for.  Will this affect his ACD ?	Criminal Questions	New York
If I own a clothing store- could I pay my employee in a store credit? If I own a clothing store- could I pay my employee in a store credit? "Barter" for services?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How can I get custody of my little girl? How can I get custody of my little girl?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
Can a small claims judgement made issued by a CA court against a TX Corp be served in TX? Can a small claims judgement made issued by an Orange County CA court against a Texas Corporation be served and/or collected in Texas	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
It&#39;s legal if I&#39;m 17 and the guy is 20? I'm 17 years old and the guy I like is 20 years old, is this illegal?	Criminal Questions	Oklahoma
If you go to by a used car from a buy here pay here and get it on a Friday afternoon, do you have until Monday afternoon to opt out of the contract?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Ohio
Legal if I&#39;m told that I have to pay benefits on hours paid for holidays and vacation? My collective bargaining agreement states that we pay benefits on hours worked. I'm now being told that we have to pay benefits on hours paid (holidays, vacation, etc.). Can they do that?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
How much will I lose my salary to child support? I have 4 children and have been married for 15 years.  I earn $80k a year my wife earns about $44k.  How much of my salary will I lose to child support?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How can I prevent my son from changing schools if I have joint custody? My ex and I have joint custody. The days she has my son are Sunday night until Thursday. She has moved him to three different schools in three years and now wants to move again. He currently attends school in my district. How can I prevent my son from changing schools?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Is it against GA law to suspend an employee for more than 2 months without pay? Is it against GA law to suspend an employee for more than 2 months without pay?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Do I need to fill out personal info for a questionnaire? I was filling out medical papers at my doctors office to update demographics information. The questionnaire asked if married, single, divorced, do I need to provide such personal information?	Consumer Questions	California
How long do we have to give the tenants to move out if we just purchases the house? We have purchased a house that was being rented out. How long do we have to give the tenants to move out?	Real Estate Questions	Tennessee
My landlord told a friend of mine that he went to court on the 17th of Nov. to evict me. I haven&#39;t lived in the apartment in about 4 wks because lizards are coming in from somewhere and there is an ant problem, but my personal property is still there. Does this mean I had 24 hrs toremove property?	Leasing Questions	Louisiana
Do I need a lawyer for an audit? Department of labor wants to audit me. I used to be a Trustee for a local union. Do I need a lawyer with me?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What happens when a federal inmate release date falls on a weekend? If a federal inmate release date falls on a weekend, will the release actually occur on the weekend, or before or after it?	Criminal Questions	California
If I have primary physical custody, can I move out of state without informing the ex who has partial custody? If I have primary physical custody of my child, can I move out of state without informing the other parent who has partial custody?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Will my lease stand up in court on top 3 degree and cmc 3 degree? I leased some property to re-rent with the right to evict and prosecute renters of property and prosecute for damages. Will my lease stand up in court on top 3 degree and cmc 3 degree?	Real Estate Questions	West Virginia
Does a 17 year old  have rights when he&#39;s wrongfully discharged? My son who is 17 & had a job where he was working until 12-1am and working 8-9 hrs on school nights. According to the DOL, this is illegal.  When my son told his boss he couldn't continue to work so late because he had to be at high school at 7am they fired him.  Does he have any rights?  This seems to be discrimination because of age.	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do if my attorney is ignoring my case and had to take my own measures? My attorney answered two phone called out of 60ish in the last 8 months. I've had to personally go to his office over 40 minutes away from where I live. I've had to hire my own private investigator to find the defendant's address to which I can get half of my pension money from many AWFUL things the defendant has done to me including false impersonation, stalking and using my social security numbers. I have fought and won the S.S. account bill. My attorney has said to me he will look into his friends as a P.I. as usual never called since. I have 5 times with no call back. Now the court sent a letter that the case is closed due to not been timely served with process according to courts. I have to call the bar on Mark Kamar!!! please HELP with any.	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Can I sue Big Lots for selling apple sauce with mold in it? Can I sue Big Lots for selling apple sauce that had mold in it and I almost fed it to my daughter?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
How to fill out paper work to expungement in Kentucky? How to fill out paper work to expungement in Kentucky?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
Can I legally change the locks on the doors for the roommate that didn&#39;t pay? 3 months ago, I let a friend who had no place to go rent an extra room I had in the house I'm currently renting. She failed to pay rent in July. I gave her written notice 2 weeks ago that rent was to be paid in full within 2 weeks or she had to vacate. She has no intention of paying. Can I legally change the locks on the doors? I will allow her to retrieve her belongings at a set time.	Real Estate Questions	Arizona
What should I do if I&#39;m being sued by a credit card company? What should I do if I'm being sued by a credit card company?	Consumer Questions	Alabama
Question regarding recent termination for falling asleep? I was recently terminated from my job for falling asleep, but everyone on my shift goes to sleep and the supervisors know it. I reported the two supervisors who wrote up disciplinary actions on me and then I got terminated. I believe that it was personal. I have proof that other co-workers sleep on the job too but I got terminated.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Do I have the right to take a vehicle if they are both in my ex-husband&#39;s name? I have not yet filed for divorce but want to leave the home. Do I have the right to take a vehicle if they are both in his name?	Family Questions	Kentucky
What is needed for one spouse to move out of the house without it being considered abandonment? In North Carolina, what is needed for one spouse to move out of the house without it being considered abandonment?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can another state overturn another state&#39;s custody agreement with out notifying the primary parent? Can another state overturn or throw out another state's custody agreement with out notifying the primary parent? it was ordered in Alabama and was allowed to move to Florida with her, now her father appealed it and says Ga overturned it and gave him custody and ordered me child support. I never received anything or notified of the change, when I dropped her off at the Florida/GA line for visitation he called me the next day and told me he wasn't bringing her back ... can they do that ?	Family Questions	Georgia
Question regarding divorce judge to not force a real estate fee to be included? Are there any case precedents for forcing divorce judge to not force a real estate fee to be included when determining equity settlement?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Are there time restraints on divorce proceedings? Aren't there time restraints on how long a divorce can be dragged out?  The Filing was in April & my atty won't push things along, I think to take more $.  Now, my ins is having to pay for her hysterectomy as I have to carry her until the divorce is final.  Now I'm told after the 1st of the year.	Family Questions	Indiana
Can I still sue for divorce if I was legally married and lived apart for 15 years in NY Legally married  and lived apart for 15 years in NY state.  Can I still sue for divorce?	Family Questions	New York
What is the statute of limitations on a quit claim deed in New York State? What is the statute of limitations on a quit claim deed in New York State? It has never been filed and it is about 5 years old	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can a custodial parent put a freeze on visitation rights because of hear say from a six year? Can a custodial parent put a freeze on visitation rights because of hear say from a six year?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can an Arizona/Mohave county note land contract late or penalty fee of 50 dollars per day be enforceable 2.5 years after the due date of balloon payment has passed? Can an Arizona/Mohave county note land contract late or penalty fee of 50 dollars per day be enforceable 2.5 years after the due date of balloon payment has passed? Even if the maker is still collecting a % int. rate on the balance of principal on a timely bases? Or  Is there a statue of Limitation on the balloon payment date to be enforced after the due date of balloon maturity?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is it legal for my employer to force me to pay $500 core charge for an item I accidentally threw away? I work as a mechanic at a dealership. I did a customer pay job and the part I installed had a core charge.(meaning they wanted it back to rebuild). No one informed that they wanted it back. I tossed it in the garbage, and now the owner of the company wants me to pay the $500.00 core charge. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Do I have any course of action if I can take to make the owner fix the van or give me my money back? I purchased a 1995 Chevy conversion van from a buy here pay her lot in Winter Haven Fl. but it didn't even make it home within a 3 hour window the transmission went out & the brakes also are squeaking. Do I have any course of action I can take to make the owner fix the van or give me my money back?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can I even stop my ex from moving and if I can, what is the process? I have been divorced for over 10 years now.  My ex-wife resides in Oregon and I in Washington (about an hour away from each other).  We also have a 12-year-old son together which we share custody.  My ex-wife's husband has an opportunity for a huge promotion, but the only stipulation is to move to Arizona.  She is trying to persuade me to agree with the move, but I will not accept because I do not see the benefit of my son being that far away from me.  Now since I am not agreeing, she is beginning the legal process to authorize this move.  I am looking for legal advise on what to do at this point.  Can I even stop her from moving and if I can, what is the process?  Should I get a lawyer now or wait until she submits something to the courts?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Do I have to pay back holidays taken and pto or get fired? I was rehired by Luxottica Retail. I started originally with them in 2001. 8 years later I left, returned on 08-2011 and my paycheck said my hire date of 2001. My holiday and pto accumulated based on the 2001 hire date. It stated my hire date as 6-2001 for 10 month. W/o notice they changed it to 8-2011 and loss prevention called saying I had to sign a promissory note. It said I stole from the company even tho it was there mistake in my opinion. Do I have to pay back holidays taken and pto or get fired?	Employment Questions	California
Question about employment and benefits? I've been working a job for over 4 years.  First server then part time supervisor. I was pushed into full time supervisor when several GM's and other supervisors failed. Have been doing GM's position for supervisor rate for a long time. We got a new GM I took a leave of absence when I went to see why I wasn't getting my vacation time etc. They took it away along with Full time status health ins, 401, and stocks. This all because I don't want to supervise anymore, the stress got to me period. My wish was to go back serving but, now what can they  take all my benefits?	Employment Questions	New York
What are the general laws &amp; guidelines in int&#39;l trade &amp; business in Brazil /el Salvador? What are the general laws & guidelines in int'l trade & business in Brazil /el Salvador?	Employment Questions	Utah
Can I go after the company for back vacation pay? I was forced to work for 4 plus years without vacation with a company I have worked with for the last 8 years. I was never given any vacation payout. After 5 years i was due 3 weeks per year. I have since resigned due to being overworked. Can I go after the company for back vacation pay?	Family Questions	Georgia
Does the insurance company have right to pay for the damages done to my knee? I was hit by two cars in the back at a red light stop sign on my way from work. It was the fault of the first car who hit another car and the car hit me from the back. During this time my right had a problem and I had to pay from my pocket to do a MRI and found out that my right knee was damage and I need a major surgery. I could not do the the surgery due to the fact that I just a shoulder surgery and still under recovering process. My question is does the insurance company have right to pay for the damages done to my knee even though I did not do the surgery?	Personal Injury Questions	Colorado
After 2 days I quit the other job. Do I need to tell unemployment? I had my hours reduced a few weeks ago by my company.  I put in an unemployment claim then accepted another job.  After 2 days I quit the other job.  Do I need to tell unemployment?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Help to go over my divorce papers to make sure they are done correctly in the span of a week? I need someone's help to go over my divorce papers to make sure they are done correctly. I need someone to make sure it gets done in a week!	Family Questions	California
What can happen to a person that takes a court document  and add things to that document to make it appear it was on it when the Judge signed it into order? What can happen to a person that takes a court document (signed and stamped Order by a Judge) and add things to that document to make it appear it was on it when the Judge signed it into order? Then use that Order in another suit to show that people were included in the forged order that were not in the original order?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Tennessee
What to do when there&#39;s a probate court for head of a mother&#39;s estate? What to do when there's a probate court for head of a mother's estate?	Real Estate Questions	Iowa
Does NY have a stand your ground law? Does NY have a stand your ground law?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What might happen in court if I have an Assault charge on a Police Officer but gave the wrong address? i have a Assault charge on a Police Officer but he gave the wrong address for where it all happened on the ticket. What might happen in court?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
How long or how many days can my employer keep me on a job without going home? I work a 24 hour call job in the oil field. How long or how many days can my employer keep me on a job without going home?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
What can I do legally if my email privacy has been invaded and it is being published? What can I do legally if my email privacy has been invaded and it is being published?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How old would I have to be to decide who I would like to live with? How old would I have to be to decide who I would like to live with?	Family Questions	California
How long do I have to keep my ex-husband&#39;s things before I donate them? My ex husband and I are legally divorced. He was ask by a judge to pick up his personal belongings on June 2, 2012. He picked up about half of his things. He has refused to pick up the rest of his things from my property. How long do I have to keep his things before I donate them?	Family Questions	California
Can I rent a room in my house? I live in Margate, FL. I would like to know if I can rent a room in my house?  Thank you	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What are the marijuana laws in Nebraska? What are the marijuana laws in Nebraska?	Real Estate Questions	Nebraska
Is my house exempt from chapter 13 bankruptcy if its in mine and wife&#39;s name for 2 years and 10 months? Is my house exempt from chapter 13 bankruptcy if its in mine and wife's name for 2 years and 10 months?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Is my employer allowed to pay me after payday? Is my employer allowed to pay me after payday?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Terminated after suicide attempt and rehab. I was hospitalized for 7 days and upon release found that I had lost my job. Truth being told - I had an attempted suicide via pills & went to rehab.  Coincidentally, my co-worker, (who lives with the owner) is an active alcoholic & has been working with the owner for 14 years. Is it legal?	Employment Questions	Florida
What should I do if my ex boss is threatening to take me to court for signing a promissory note and borrowing money? I signed apromissory note templatewith my ex-employer for borrowing some money. The promissory note had a clause: as long as I'm employed, I get to pay him $1000 monthly until the entire loan is paid. If I'm no longer with the company, I have to return him the entire remaining amount of money. I just got fired by him and he wants the entire amount of money. The loan I got it was to buy an apartment and I got fired a month after the closing. I continued paying him and still m continuing paying him the monthly $1000 as per the agreement , but I don't have the entire remaining amount. At this point I received via regular mail a letter from an attorney that represents my ex-boss & threatening to take me to court. What are my options& what I should do?	Employment Questions	New York
My brother got arrested Thursday due to a 18 year old warrant for a dime of weed. He is in Philadelphia. He goes to court Monday. Do you think they will let him go?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What should I do if I received a summons plaintiff&#39;s motion for summary judgment in regards to property? I received a summons plaintiff's motion for summary judgment in regards to property I have in another state.  Court is set for 10/1/12. What should I do?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is an I bond in Illinois? What is an I bond in Illinois?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
What goes on an FBI record? What goes on an FBI record?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
What form / deed do we use to change the name of the church on the deed and put new trustee&#39;s on? What form / deed do we use to change the name of the church on the deed and put new trustee's on? is it aquit claim deed sample? or how to do it? we are a small church. Pentecostal Church, Orlando Florida	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How to retrieve items after separating? My husband and I split up eight months ago. He isn't giving my bed and other things that were bought before we got married by my parents or given to me by my grandparents. He is saying that it's no longer mine because it has been thirty days. Can he legally keep it from me?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
I want to know if I have a right to hear or get a conversation I had with spirit airlines? I want to know if I have a right to hear or get a conversation I had with spirit airlines? I called to change my flight and paid them $380 to do it no problem since I had to change it. However when I seen my new travel plans they got the return date wrong and I called to have them fix it, they charged me $270 more after 2hrs on the phone and speaking to a mgr (they said) he said reviewed my previous conversation and I said the 13th not the 14th. I couldn't even get a number or person in the USA to talk to? Can I get that conversation?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
If I am a food server, can my employer force me to tip out the support staff a specific percentage of my sales? If I am a food server, can my employer force me to tip out the support staff a specific percentage of my sales that is sometimes greater than 25-35% of my tips, then force me to claim 12% of my sales to the I.R.S. when the forced tip out makes it almost impossible?We are not part of any tip compliance and if I do not tip out the "minimum". then I face disciplinary action and other repercussions.  Can you help me?	Employment Questions	Nevada
What are a father&#39;s legal rights in Ohio? What are a father's legal rights in Ohio?	Family Questions	Ohio
Question regarding denied unemployment after colenting for 6 months? I was denied unemployment after colenting for 6 months. My employer said i quit after allegedly being demoted without justification?	Employment Questions	Florida
Is DUI deal void if court finds new information on me? I have a DUI charge in January and a deal offered 10 ten days in jail plus fines. I received the deal by my lawyer prior. It was signed by a judge and the DA. I'm getting ready to take the deal but they found something else on me. Does the deal stand up or is it void?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
What legal rights do I have with my late same-sex partner when the absent mother wants everything? I have a storage unit in California, which is currently held under my name alone, containing property by me and my same-sex partner who recently passed away, and we are not registered as a domestic partnership. We also didn't live together but I was with her daily caring for her when she became sick, until she died.  Her mother is still alive and was never in touch until about a week before her death.  Now her mother expects to receive everything and anything owned by my partner or both of us.  What legal rights do I have?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How do I deal with an insurance adjuster on an accident claim? I injured my foot at the Geico garage, owned by the city of Orlando by walking off of a handicap ramp curb that had no railing.  The city adjuster is coming to my house this morning and I have no idea what I should be telling him.  Can someone help.  I now have several hundred dollars in doctors bills, and six weeks of physical therapy.  I have had to take a two month leave of absence from work.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What do I do if I already filed for divorce, but he never responded? I already filed for divorce, but he never responded. What do I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Does a landlord have the right to go into a tenant&#39;s home and remove all of the tenants property and haul it off to a landfill without an eviction notice? Does a landlord have the right to go into a tenant's home and remove all of the tenants property and haul it off to a landfill without anotice of eviction? What are the laws around maintaining the home?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
When a dealership makes a contract, how long do they have before reporting that the loan is no good? When a dealership makes an contract, how long do they have before reporting that the loan is no good?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
Question pertaining to cyber harassment? The issue is cyber harassment.  My ex-boyfriend from my past informed them I had an std that they may have given to me and this person has been very promiscuous since we'd been together.  This person had not been tested.  He and his current girlfriend are sending me emails acting as if they're someone else.  I've asked them to stop on two occasions and they continue as they feel that they're unable to be tracked.  Please advise me on what I can do?  Thank you in advance.	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Should I claim my son or will this affect the amount of grant money he may receive? My son is 26 years old and lives at home. He has a federal grant to go to a local technical college. He applied for this grant as an independent. However, since he had no income in 2011, and I do not charge him rent, I can claim him as a qualifying relative dependent on my 2011 taxes. Should I claim him or will this affect the amount of grant money he may receive?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
If I bought and paid for furniture, TV and other items to furnish someone&#39;s apartment, do I have the right to take them back in Alabama? If I bought and paid for furniture, TV and other items to furnish someone's apartment, do I have the right to take them back in Alabama? I have all receipts showing I paid for them there is nothing showing that they were a gift.	Family Questions	Alabama
Legal for an owner to cash a printed pay roll check and deduct cash out of the employees check? Is it legal for an owner of a company to cash a printed pay roll check and deduct cash out of the employees check for gas and a windshield for a company vehicle ?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If I go over my scheduled hours, should I be forced to take a longer lunch the next day to get that time back? If I go over my scheduled hours because I had customers and could not leave on time, should I  be forced to take a longer lunch the next day to get that time back?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
Do I have to give my unborn child his father&#39;s last name? Do I have to give my unborn child his father's last name? Can the father's name be on the birth certificate, if he is not at the birth of the child? Can I collect child support from the father if the baby doesn't have his last name? Can a judge rule to have the last name changed if the father sues me about it?	Family Questions	Florida
Does a KY circuit judge have judicial immunity in a probate matter involving a minor under 14 years? Does a KY circuit judge have judicial immunity in a probate matter involving a minor child under 14 years of age where a great deal of money was stolen by an administrator who was placed in charge without a bond?	Personal Injury Questions	Kentucky
Can selling my homesteaded house and buying another in my name only come under the prenup agreement? When I married my husband, I had a pre-nup.  I owned my house when I married him (it is homesteaded) and I would now like to sell it and buy another in my name only. Can this come under the prenup agreement?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
My dad &amp; stepmom are buying a house. Can my father make a will stating upon his demise, leave his half of the house to me ? 

Thanks 

Mike None	Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
Can someone sue you for money borrowed if there is no written contract? Can someone sue you for money borrowed if there is no written contract?	Consumer Questions	New York
If I get a separation at same time of a pending case by child services which father is to file for full custody? If I get a separation at same time of a pending case by child services which father is to file for full custody? Is that final, specially if somewhat of bad history of mother?	Family Questions	California
What to do if I&#39;m Signing a lease and want to break it? What to do if I'm Signing a lease and want to break it?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can I get a salvage title if my ex&#39;s truck was here for over over 30 days? I have a PPO and a no contact order on my ex because of a domestic violence was involved and it happened in front of my son and he's not allowed on the premiss cause of the manger doesn't want him on the premise. He's in jail for 30 days and his truck is here on my property. I was just wondering if I could get a salvage title if it was here for over over 30 days?	Criminal Questions	Texas
If my mother is in a nursing home, is she entitled to her car? My mother is in a nursing home here in Birmingham,Alabama. I know that they are entitled to her SSI check. I need to also know if they are entitled to her car?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can the land be obtained through the Adverse Possession Statute of Illinois? My husband and his siblings own a piece of land in Illinois that his family owned for over 100 years.  Since the parents have both passed away, the siblings would like to sell the land but it is "landlocked."  For over 75 years the family used a lane that crossed the neighbor's land.  There has been no objection to the use of this land for access to the county road.  The problem is now that they want to sell the land, they need a legal document stating they can use this small piece of the neighbor's land (about 1/4 acre) for their access to the farm.  Can this be obtained through the Adverse Possession Statute of Illinois?  Or is there a better way to convince the owner/neighbor to sign the necessary documents for the Title Company?Joyce	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
When can&#39;t you use the fifth amendment? When can't you use the fifth amendment?	Criminal Questions	Florida
If a homeowner is sued, can a plaintiff attach auto insurance to cover the cost? If a homeowner is sued under their homeowners insurance policy in Georgia, can a plaintiff also attach or stack on auto insurance to cover the cost	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Under what provisions can a 17 year old in the state of Virginia file for emancipation? Under what provisions can a 17 year old in the state of Virginia file for emancipation?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
I am divorced for 4yrs. Kept my dirtbike, ex-spose got his quad. Nothing in papers about them. Ex-spouse sent our son to take my bike, told him its in his name &amp; if he didn&#39;t, mom would go to jail for stolen property so son did. I have mantinance records for bike since divorce. Small claims case?	Family Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Washington
What can you do if you feel discriminated against by a nonprofit sporting group? What can you do if you feel discriminated against by a nonprofit sporting group?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Dakota
What is the time limit for filing a theft claim in FL? What is the time limit for filing a theft claim in the state of Florida?  The amount stolen was $3500.	Criminal Questions	Maryland
Can the Landlord request 2 yearly home inspections? Can the Landlord request 2 yearly home inspections?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I serve agent working for company in civil case? I have a civil case against a moving company. Can I serve the agent I used who works for the company?	Contract Questions,Legal Questions,None Questions	Oregon
Is a pre-computed contract of sale a legal contract? I purchased a 2011 Harley Davidson MC 05/2011 in California financing $38,000.00 for term of 84 Months. The dealer used a Pre-Computed Contract of Sale. Is this a legal contract as I was just told that this term and amount should have been on a Simple Interest Contract? Dealer financed contract themselves and did not assign to a bank.	Consumer Questions	California
Is it legal for a commercial truck driver to use a cellular phone if they use a hands free device? Is it legal for a commercial truck driver to use a cellular phone if they use a hands free device?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What is the legal babysitting age in Utah? What is the legal babysitting age in Utah? Is it the same age if it is your siblings?	Employment Questions	Utah
How can I legally break my lease? How can I legally break my lease? Landlord will not allow pets anymore even though she has allowed us (current tenants) to have a dog.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Does my son have any rights to his daughter if the mother disagrees? My son is paying child support and is at the mercy of the mom of when he can see his daughter.  She has claimed her on taxes for the last 2 years without even asking him.  My son has an attorney which obviously is not doing their job.  I see him with tears in is eyes when he is told he can't see his own daughter.  The mom says only she has all the rights about THEIR daughter.  I am his mom and I just can't bear to see him miss his daughter so much.  There are so many dads out there that don't want to be around their kids and yet he has to beg to see his daughter.  Does my son have any rights?	Family Questions	Illinois
Should I include an arbitration clause to  protect our company from costly litigation? My company is drafting up a general contract when engaging our outside vendors. To protect our company from costly litigation, I want to include an arbitration clause, which I have seen in other contracts. Should I include it and how do I go about including it?	Employment Questions	BC
If a mother does not notify the courts of change of income what can happen? If a mother does not notify the courts of change of income what can happen?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can the holder of the lease force me to leave before my least time is up? I signed a two year least as a person that is one the least but not the main holder of the least.  Can the holder of the least force me to leave before my least time is up?  My husband and I are living there, she is not.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can we raise pigs for market in agricultural zone? I live in Lake County, Ohio, in Madison township to be precise. We have 3 acres and are zoned agricultural. Are we permitted to raise pigs for market?	Administrative Law Questions,Real Estate Questions	Ohio
Can an insurance comp. drop you if you are still going thru more surgeries on the same claim? Can an insurance comp. drop you if you are still going thru more surgeries on the same claim?	Personal Injury Questions	Missouri
in order to receive commission on a sale, should the broker have a commission agreement? in order to receive commission on a sale of commercial real estate should the broker have a commission agreement?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Can I sue if no report was filed with CPS for my abandoned as required by law? My child was taken from the hospital 7 years ago. I just found him. I found that by law the hospital was required to report when 1.) a child is born under the influence of Narcotics, and 2) when a child is abandoned. In this case, the mother abandoned my son after telling the docs he was not mine, and then she left my son in the hospital. No report was filed with CPS as required by law. Can I sue?	Family Questions	Oregon
How long can the police hold a car without a warrant? How long can the police hold a car without a warrant?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
With joint custody what is the age when a parent no longer has to ask permission to take child out of state? With joint custody what is the age when one parent no longer has to ask permission to take the child out of the state?	Family Questions	New York
What could I be charged with if I was in my friend&#39;s house without permission but stole nothing? What could I be charged with if I was in my friends house without permission while his family was on vacation but stole nothing?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Can I &quot;temporarily&quot; give custody to one of my parents so that the baby will be insured? I am under 18 and having a baby 3 months before I turn 18.  I am currently under my parents insurance but they will not cover my baby.  I have applied for Medicaid and do not qualify.  Can I "temporarily" give custody to one of my parents so that the baby will be insured?	Family Questions	Michigan
How do I go about getting a subpoena to obtain my son&#39;s cellphone if it&#39;s on my plan? I need to obtain a copy of text messages from my son's cell phone from Verizon and they stated that I must have a subpoena to get this. My son is underage (15) and his phone is on my plan. How do I go about getting a subpoena and approximately how much would it cost?	Family Questions	Virginia
Still have to pay for medical expenses that I am not made aware of until after they have already happened? My divorce papers say I have to pay half of medical costs for my child.  The papers also say I must be notified prior to non emergency appts.  Do I still have to pay for medical expenses that I am not made aware of until after they have already happened?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can it be considered a breach of contract when a homeowner pulls a gun in the contractors face? There had been a few disputes prior to this incident that had been resolved, but now 2 weeks later the homeowner is trying to cancel contract. The contract clearly states that canceling contract by homeowner after work has commenced is a breach of contract. The police were called and a report was filed the night that this happened. They managed to come to an agreement but we have been very cautious. The home owner is now upset because of scheduling. We had to order the material to finish his home and it has taken longer to get in. The homeowner is upset that we are working on another home while waiting. What can we do? This is a small company.	Construction Law Questions,Contract Questions,Criminal Questions,Legal Questions	Kansas
Help for my father-in-law who is being taken advantage of by another family  member? I need to get help for my father-in-law who is being taken advantage of by another family  member?	Family Questions	Florida
What is the statue of limitation on collecting hot checks? What is the statue of limitation on collecting hot checks?	Criminal Questions	Oklahoma
Where can I find help as a plaintiff filing a civil suite pro se filing a motion for a default judgement?	Litigation Law Questions	Pennsylvania
What do I do if a company is stalling and unable to give me my money back? I paid $2250 in advance (half) for kitchen granite counters.  They stalled me for 3 months changing the installment date several times, and now they tell me they are going out of business.   Even though they said I will get my money back in 1-3 months, I don't believe them.  What do I do?	Consumer Questions	Idaho
What licenses or certificates do I need to start a small business? What licenses or certificates do I need to start a small business?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
How would I get my money back on the taxes I paid from the current owner? In 2005 I purchased 2 acres in Fluvanna County VA.  The tax records show I own additional 1 acre with chicken coop and brick shop  however the deed shows I do not own the 1 acre, chicken coop, and brick shop. How would I get my money back on the taxes I paid from the current owner?  I realize I have to get the tax records changed and what would I do to make this change?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
For how long does it take for the approval for my spouse petition? For how long does it take for the approval for my spouse petition? Her priority date was 28 Dec, 2011.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Legal right to stop any checks from being cashed if I have joint account with a deceased person? My name is on a checking account with another person. She has passed away. I am not the executor of her will or estate. do I have the legal right to stop any checks from being cashed.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can you be held for disturbance until the police arrives? If you are asked to leave a public library due to a disturbance that you caused with no property or physical damage done to anything or anyone. Can the library employee hold you there against your will after they have asked you to leave and you are in the process of leaving just so they can call the police?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can employees be made to empty pockets before breaks and end of shift? Is it legal for an employer to make employees empty their pockets before breaks and at the end of their shift?	Employment Questions,Legal Questions	Maryland
Conflict of interest if my ex is using the same lawyer in our divorce in a custody case against me? My ex husband is using the same lawyer that he used in our divorce in a custody case against me. Is that a conflict of interest in the state of Virginia?	Family Questions	Virginia
What should we do if the rep comes over and wants the balance without me seeing the above as being done? Hi - I had a reroof job done from home depot and I haven't seen the permit or seen the county inspector as yet. We paid about 10% so far. What should we do if the rep comes over and wants the balance without me seeing the above as being done?  thanks   Jerry	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I signed a lease with someone, can they take my name off of the lease without me there? If I signed a lease with someone, can they take my name off of the lease without me there?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oklahoma
Will the landlord need to follow the court process to evict me? I am being evicted I have received a 5 day notice. No court papers have been filed yet. I am on a month to month.It is an apartment in Neillsville.Will the landlord need to follow the court process to evict me?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
What to do if after six years of child support, he wants wants an agreed order cause he&#39;s not the father? After six years of paying child support the father wants an agreed order put in because he just found child is not his. What should I do?	Family Questions	Illinois
Served for a court date, never went and did not know? What can I do if I didn't get served for a court date and never went and did not know about it?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Legal actions I have to take in order to get out of the original offer on a house? I recently put a purchase offer in on a house and have signed all the papers with the Realtor and also with the loan officer. Now I have found another house that I like more. What are the legal actions I have to take in order to get out of the original offer?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How long does one have to file a suit for personal injury? I had a slip and fall at work, resulting in three ruptured vertebrae.  This happened in Feb 2010.  I still have chronic back pain. How long does one have to file a suit for personal injury?  I am an employee of the State of MI if that is pertinent.  I was forced back to work, even against the IME the state hired.  My choices; go back to full duty after eight weeks light duty, or resign/retire.Thanks in advance for any help.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
If I am forced to leave my residence by my wife am I legally responsible for half of the rent and utilities? If I am forced to leave my residence by my wife am I legally responsible for half of the rent and utilities?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Will it cost me if I have a friend who wants to sign over her rights of her child to me? A have a friend wanting to sign over rights to her unborn child to me. Will it cost me?	Family Questions	Kentucky
If IRS seizes my son&#39;s assets in payment for his debts to IRS, are my assets as next of kin vulnerable? If IRS seizes my son's assets in payment for his debts to IRS, are my assets as next of kin vulnerable though I have no business or financial connections with him?	Family Questions	California
Can you get a misdemeanor conviction if ex punched and took off? Can you get a misdemeanor conviction if ex punched and took off? If so what is the process?	Criminal Questions	Maryland
Can I sue my employer for discrimination due to fact that I have epilepsy and I was suspended from work? My question is can I sue my employer for discrimination due to fact that i have epilepsy and I was suspended from work because I didn't have anymore sick leave but i had a seizure on the job premises and was taken to emergency room from work for treatment? Also we have rules against quarreling or not being courteous to co-workers, but after another co-worker used vulgar language towards me and I responded the same way to his attack, due to personal animosity against me by my supervisors, I was suspended but the other person only got a written reprimand, can I take any legal action on these two matters? I am being harassed and discriminated against in my opinion.	Employment Questions	Louisiana
What are the stipulations for being asked to leave if the tenants have the rights to renting a room in a house? What are the stipulations for being asked to leave if the tenants have the rights to renting a room in a house?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Rights if I was told by my boss that I can&#39;t give myself insulin shots in a room with co-workers? I was told by my boss today that I could no longer give myself insulin shots while in a room with other co-workers.  I cannot even use my office since I share it with a co-worker who complained that it bothered him (we sit back to back and I am not even sure how he sees me giving myself a shot).  Do I have any rights in Ill. on this matter?	Employment Questions	California
Question regarding doing a rent to own agreement but my name is not on the title &amp; no bank is involved? I am doing a rent to own agreement but my name is not on the title and no bank is involved. The owners are behind on taxes, and are trying to make me pay the back taxes. Can they do this? Nothing was set up with a bank or anything. I signed a purchase agreement but they put on there that I was renting. They do not have a rental license either. I want to get out of this. Can I?	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
What to do if my ex is trying to move my children to Florida without my consent? Both of my children were born in the state of PA. There is no custody agreement between the mother and myself documented in court. She is now trying to move my children to Florida without my consent. I was told I have 50% rights to my children and I can stop her from moving. Is this true?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal if my job removed me from my shifts after I asked to make a formal complaint? My job removed me from my shifts after I asked to make a formal complaint. Is that legal?	Employment Questions	New York
What are the rules of harboring a runaway when they&#39;re 18? If someone from another state tell you that they are 18 and leaves home to come live with you is that harboring a runaway?	Family Questions	Texas
What rights does an English woman living in Cancun, Mexico have? What rights does an English woman living in Cancun, Mexico have? She has a 7 year old daughter and the Spanish Father does not want her anymore. He just wants to keep the Daughter.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Divorce not finalized until January and children unwilling to be with father. If a spouse signs divorce papers but it won't be final until January and they agreed to share time with their husband for the children and now the children hate being there and don't want to go, is there any thing I can do now?	Family Questions	Mississippi
Are we legally obligated to pay the behind payment since we aren&#39;t bound to do so under a contract? I'm buying a house on a land contract, the contract expired a few months ago but the lady is letting us live here because we are in the process of getting a loan, it looks like we won't get the loan but have fallen on hard times with my husband loosing his job and mine cutting hours. Are we legally obligated to pay the behind payment since we aren't bound to do so under a contract? She's pushing to kick us out unless we pay what we owe.	Real Estate Questions	California
If brought back to work after suspension, is the employer required to pay the days missed? Hourly non-exempt employee suspended pending investigation; if brought back to work after suspension, is the employer required to pay the days missed if suspended employee was on schedule?	Employment Questions	California
Does Florida Unemployment law require me to take a lesser paying job with the employer that laid me off? Does Florida Unemployment law require me to take a lesser paying job with the employer that laid me off?	Employment Questions	Florida
What is the most common founder shares vesting arrangement for tech startup companies? What is the most common founder shares vesting arrangement for tech startup companies?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	H9
I have an ex-wife that said she went to court today to waive my arrears in child support but she got angry over a messaage on Facebook and said she showed the judge and now I have a warrant for my arrest and lost my parental rights. Is this possible?	Family Questions	Kentucky
In a real estate transaction, if the buyer does not provide a consideration (i.e. earnest money), is the contract ennforceable?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	Nebraska
Question about paying back an RV company after 3 years? My husband and I bought an RV back in 2006. We lived in it for 3 years than we both lost our jobs. We gave the RV back in as they were going to repossess. We have now been contacted by a debit collector 3 years later to pay the principal of 62,000.00. We don't have that kind of money. Can they do this after 3 years and if so what are our options? I hate to think bankruptcy but at this point I think this is our only option.	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Does the child support also change to where the wife pays the child support? When custody changed from wife to ex husband, does the child support also change to where the wife pays the child support?	Family Questions	Florida
If a garnishment has already taken place can a court issue a seizure on my car? If a garnishment has already taken place can a court issue a seizure on my car?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Michigan
If I am separated from my spouse, Do I need to legally tell my husband that I am leaving with regards to our children? Hello. I am currently married but have been separated for 2 years. We have a son together. I currently live in Ohio but wish to move to Nevada. Do I need to legally tell my husband that I am leaving? There is no custody arrangement at this time.	Family Questions	Ohio
If a superior at work issued a write up with false information, how can I get it off my record? If a superior at work issued a write up with false information, how can I get it off my record? I've submitted my written claim to HR and they do not want to overturn it.	Employment Questions	Louisiana
Who is the sponsor that arranged 5 unsuccessful repairs for my new condo? I purchased a new condo in the summer of 2009 an immediately after moving in I noticed that the HVAC unit was not working (cooling). Over the following two years the Sponsor had arranged 5 repairs, none of which had fixed the problem (a leak of a coolant), and since the Sponsor refused to replace the unit with a new one, I did it myself. Now, I am in the process of suing for my expenses and damages. The question is, whom, the Sponsor? Condo Board (members are the Sponsors)? Management Agency I pay maintenance fees to? All three?A. Perovic	Real Estate Questions	New York
How do we get copies of the sale papers if my husband is being sued for the previous owner never paying all the bills? My husband's name was on a small restaurant. When it was sold, the person who got all the money never paid all the bills that were due. Now my husband is being sued. How do we get copies of the sale papers?	Employment Questions	Florida
How would I know if my dad had a will? How would I know if my dad had a will? There aren't any papers I know and he never went into detail about his plans.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What am I responsible for the preliminary notice? i received a California preliminary notice. The contractor did not pay the supper. I paid the contractor in full. What am I responsible for?	Real Estate Questions	California
How do you get a color of title or an Adverse possession started legally? How do you get a color of title or an Adverse possession started legally?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What do I need to serve my ex with the subpoena aside from the complaint? I have filed for divorce in Wayne County, Michigan and got my subpoena from the court. I have two small children with my husband. What do I need to serve him with the subpoena aside from the complaint?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
What are the laws of abandonment of a marriage and can I go to jail for that? In the state of Georgia what are the laws of abandonment of a marriage and can I go to jail for that?	Family Questions	Georgia
Legal for a company to have you work overtime one day &amp; the next make you take a long lunch to off set it? Is it legal for a company to have you work overtime one day, and the next make you take a longer lunch to off set it?	Employment Questions	New York
If I make partial payment, will that prevent them from arresting me, or do I have to pay the entire amount? In Florida, I owe 226 dollars a month child support. If I make partial payment, will that prevent them from arresting me, or do I have to pay the entire amount?	Family Questions	Florida
Can my employer request me to take vacations if I am being laid off? Can my employer request me to take vacations if I am being laid off?	Employment Questions	New York
Document legally binding if it states my wife has been given sole custody of my nephew for safety? My nephew, who is 3, is currently residing with us. My wife has a notarized document signed by her sister and herself that states my wife has been given sole custody of my nephew for the reasons of safety and his best interest. We live in GA and my sister-in-law lives in WV. Is this document legally binding?	Family Questions	Georgia
If I&#39;m a green card holder with permanent residential, can I apply for spouse visa? If I'm a green card holder with permanent residential, can I apply for spouse visa? How long take it time?	Family Questions	Illinois
If I were to have my name removed from the Deed of Trust would that negate the lien against the property? California Superior Court for the County of Yuba; Unlimited Civil Case; A collection agency attached a lien against property in which I am on the Deed of Trust with my sister. I acquired this by separating from my ex-husband, but not yet divorced. The lien is in response to a claim filed by the collection agency against my ex-husband and has to do with a medical bill he never paid. My ex-husband is not on the Deed of Trust to this property. I find now that I and my sister are not able to obtain refinancing on this property because of this lien. My question is this; if I were to have my name removed from the Deed of Trust would that negate the lien against the property?? Is there any other way to achieve this same result?? Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	California
is it true that if your mortgage company refuses a partial payment that your loan is paid off? is it true that if your mortgage company refuses a partial payment that your loan is paid off?	Real Estate Questions	Arkansas
What do I need to do to finalize my divorce if the papers were filed a year ago? My separation papers were filed 1 year ago. What needs to be done now to finalize my divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How do I get the property to become mine? I purchased a home in Red Hill, PA in august 2011. After further investigation, I have discovered that my driveway is 1 1/2 feet on the neighbors property. an easement was established as a result of the original landowners being related. the property was subdivided and the driveway was put in. Now non family members own the respective properties. How do I get the property to become mine? The driveway has been there for over 15 years.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If the lease is in my name and my ex-boyfriend moved out,  do I have to send him a certified letter and give him certain length of time to pick up his belongings? Hi, I live in Las Vegas, Nevada. I lived with my boyfriend for 2 months. He left me the first week in December. The lease was solely in his name but it expired Dec. 30th. After that the landlord leased me the place, solely in my name of course. Question is- how long does he have to come pick up the rest of his belongings before they are considered abandoned property for me to do with as I please? He came to get the things once before his lease expired but when he realized I was home, he turned around and did not approach the apartment. Now of course the locks are changed since it's my lease. I have asked him repeatedly to come get his things. Do I have to send him a certified letter and give him certain length of time or what?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
If one dies first, will the survivor get all the share of our jointly held assets without children making claims? My third wife--in now her second marriage--has accounts and joint property in Joint Tenancy with Right of Survivorship. We both have children from our first marriages.If one dies first, will the survivor get all the share of our jointly held assets without fear of our children trying to make claims?	Family Questions	California
Is an email address considered public information to be distributed to anyone who ask or is it considered private information? We are a non-profit organization with a membership roster with member's emails.  Is an email address considered public information to be distributed to anyone who ask or is it considered private information?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What do I do if the renovations, which is not in the lease, will make living difficult? The apartment complex where I live  wants to do renovations while tenants are still living in the apartments.  Some of these will require that tenants not being able to use their bathroom facilities for at least two days and cage their animals.  The renovations will take several days.  I have already had a discussion with the manager about this who said that there was nothing she could do.  In addition I have asthma and a lot of allergies that are triggered by paint and other chemicals.  I have no where else to go while these renovations are being completed.  The lease does not indicate anything about renovations. It only specifies "reasonable access" for repairs and maintenance.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Arkansas laws for foreclosure on Contract of Deed 90 days before Notice of Default. What are the laws in Arkansas for foreclosure on a Contract of Deed 90 days before a Notice of Default can be recorded?There is nothing in the contract stating anything about foreclosure process.	Real Estate Questions	California
Do you have to have a degree and a License to become a Advocate? Do you have to have a degree and a License to become a Advocate?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Who is responsible to fix the the leak under the floor if I&#39;m renting the space? I am renting a commercial space for a restaurant. There is a leak under the floor. Who is responsible to fix it?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
How do I go about getting visitation rights when my mother has sole custody of both my children in KY? My mother has sole custody of both of my children. They live in Kentucky. How do I go about getting visitation rights? And would she have to bring them to me because they are out of state?	Family Questions	Georgia
Do you have to have financial papers in before court date to get an attorney? Do you have to have financial papers in before court date to get an attorney?	Family Questions	New York
Partner in LLC keeps money made from selling cars. I opened a car lot with a partner on a LLC. After just 3 months, my partner sold several cars and has not turned over the paperwork or the money. The 1 car he sold, he forged papers to show he sold the car for 650 less. He kept the difference. What should I do?	Contract Questions,Criminal Questions	Ohio
Do I have the right to not pay rent if the landlord promised to fix stuff and never did? Do I have the right to not pay rent if the landlord promised to fix stuff and never did?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How do I get my injury compensation if I fell in a grocery store? I  fell in a grocery store a few weeks and totally it was their fault. There was brown/black liquid in the baby food aisle and there were 2 workers around with no wet floor signs. I lost a toenail because of this and had 2 trips to the ER room. They said they will compensate for pain and suffering and medical bills. The adjuster has not got back with me yet and they brought the compensation part up. I just found out my toe may or may not grow back. I'm tired of waiting as 1 of my bills is already passed due.	Personal Injury Questions	Kentucky
Is it legal for prosecutor to talk or give information about an on going case? Is it legal for prosecutor to talk or give information about an on going case?	Criminal Questions	Texas
Does the landlord have a responsibility to inform the renter how much they are to pay before a notice? Does the landlord have a responsibility to inform the renter how much they are to pay and when they have to pay before a 3 day notice to pay or quit?	Family Questions	California
Will I have to pay taxes on the money I receive if I win when I sue a company for 2 counts of fraud? I am going to sue a company for fraud (2 counts). Will I have to pay taxes on the money I receive if I win?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Does the state of Illinois elected officials receive security detail? By law, does the state of Illinois elected officials receive security detail?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Can I sue over false portents? Can I sue over false portents?	Employment Questions	Hawaii
How can I obtain a green card if I&#39;m an illegal immigrant? How can I obtain a green card if I'm an illegal immigrant? Im a 27-year-old male with no criminal records and I have been living in this country for more than 9 years. I came in at the age of 18.	Immigration Questions	New Jersey
How old do you need to be to carry a knife in pa? How old do you need to be to carry a knife in PA?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it true that I have to pay the fines first of these traffic tickets in order to get my license? I'm a New Jersey resident. In 2005 I was charged with a few traffic tickets. I currently can't get my license in the state of New Jersey due to these open charges. When I called down to the courts in Pennsylvania they told me that I must pay the fines in full before I come, plead not guilty and go in front of the judge to state my case. My question: Is it true that I have to pay the fines first of these traffic tickets? Question: If I pay these fines and if that makes me guilty and if it's subject to motor vehicle,  does that mean I can't get my license?	Criminal Questions	New Jersey
What rights do I have as a tenant who&#39;s landlord wants me to sign a contract with a new realtor? I reside in Westminster, CO.  I have been renting from the same landlord for 7 years with no issues other than rent being paid late a couple of times.Our landlord has hired a Realtor to manage the property.  She inspected my entire house (which I did not agree to).  She has raised the rent from $1,200 month to $1550.  Now she contacts me on the weekend and wants me to sign a new contract in 5 days by July 1.What rights do I have as a 7 yr tenant who is on a month to month with his landlord but wants me to sign a contract with a new realtor within 5 days?  Not to mention, for 5 yrs we have fought to have the following fixed with no resolve (hot water-boiler), air conditioning broke, dishwasher broke, and Yard fence has fallen down... HELP	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
What to do if my ex was court ordered to remove my name from his mortgage but refuses to? At my final divorce my ex was court ordered to immediately remove my name from his mortgage. That was in February. He refuses to do so. Since he is just the co signer of the mortgage can I put the house up for sale?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
If I retain a lawyer and he uses my info to purchase my loan for personal gain can I sue for damages? If I retain a lawyer and he uses my information to purchase my loan for personal gain can I sue for damages?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If someone gives one day notice of moving out how long do they have to take their belongings? If someone gives one day notice of moving out how long do they have to take their belongings?	Family Questions	New York
Question regarding a short sale on our home that is now in foreclosure? We're doing a short sale on our home and have had an offer for almost a month now.  The mortgage company is dragging their feet about whether to accept or not.  Now we have received a letter stating that the home may be forclosed on in 90 days.  We left the home in June to rent because after my husband lost his job, we could no longer afford a mortgage.  What is our legal right?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
How can I correct my first and last name on my divorce record if the hard copy was also incorrect? How can I correct my first and last name on my divorce record if the hard copy was also incorrect?	Family Questions	Florida
What are our rights with a month to month lease and is it legal for her to enter our home unannounced? We have a month to month lease. our landlord gave us a letter that she had typed up saying she was not going to renew our lease in august. She is claiming we have violated the lease due to minor damage to the carpet in our room,  as well as falsely accusing us for the damage that was done to her septic tank.  she is just assuming we were the tenants responsible for the septic, which i know wasn't us. To top it off she enters our residence without even giving us a phone call because she says she has the right to access her storage closet in our foyer, which is our main entry to our apartment.  Is it a legal eviction?  What are our rights with a month to month lease? And is it legal for her to enter our home unannounced?	Real Estate Questions	California
If my divorced son was killed &amp; his ex remarried, can her new husband legally adopt the children? My divorced son was killed in an auto accident. His ex-wife is remarried, can her new husband legally adopt the children? Do we as grandparents have any rights?	Family Questions	Utah
Do I need to get permission from my child&#39;s father if I&#39;m moving out of state? I am moving from Ma to KY and have a 15 year old daughter - do I need to get permission from her father?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
If applying for health insurance &amp; we have lived together for 24 years may we apply as husband &amp; wife? If applying for mass health insurance and we have lived together for 24yrs may we apply as husband and wife?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
What are my rights concerning moving my son to Colorado? I live in Jacksonville, Fl. with my 7 yr old son.  While we were visiting family in Colorado, my son's dad accepted a contract job that will have him traveling frequently throughout the country.  The amount & frequency of travel is unknown but appears to be consistent.  I want to move to Colorado with my son, where we will have the support of my family, I will have better job opportunities, etc.  The father and I do not reside together but we've never established legal custody/visitation/child support.  We decided the child support on our own and he's been paying.  I am currently out of work, getting into severe financial difficulties with rent, bills, etc.  What are my rights concerning moving my son to Colorado?	Family Questions	Florida
Where can I find the personal privacy law in Georgia? Where can I find the personal privacy law in Georgia?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
When my late sister&#39;s disability check comes on the first of July does my niece have to send it back? My niece took care of my sister who died of cancer on the 21st of this month. When her disability check comes on the first of July does my niece have to send it back?	Family Questions	Kentucky
How do I go about changing my daughter&#39;s last names when I don&#39;t know who the father is &amp; I&#39;m remarrying? Almost 12 years ago, I became pregnant and had my twin daughters.  Unfortunately I don't know who he is, nor have I attempted to look.  I am now married for over 7 years, and we completed a name change for my daughters, but would like for my husband the man who the girls call dad to adopt them and be placed on their birth certificate (that father option is blank). How do I go about that?	Family Questions	Colorado
I own 11 rentals in 2 cities in Kansas.  What kind of trust or LLC would be best for me to set up?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Kansas
Question regarding my child recently diagnosed with apraxia by Hershey Medical Center specialist? My soon to be 3yo was recently diagnosed with apraxia by Hershey Medical Center specialist. His father and I have a shared week on week off custody order through York County (father's location) which does NOT designate either of us as primary parent.  I live in Fulton County Pa, which is where our child receives all his therapies, early headstart, early intervention, speech therapy, ot, pt,  primary doctors etc. he now is diagnosed with special needs and week to week custody with a man that will not meet child's needs is not an option. what kind of lawyer do I need and any names would be great that specialize in special needs child custody?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal if NY wants me to pay taxes on the money I earned out of state? I lived and worked in another state for over 7 months in a calender year, and then moved to NY and worked the remainder of the year there.  I filed for and paid my Federal tax, and filed for and payed my out of state tax. I also filed and payed taxes on my NY income, but now NY wants me to pay taxes on the money I earned out of state. How can this be legal?	Employment Questions	New York
Can a landlord sue their tenants cause the tenants didn&#39;t pay the rent &amp; now the home is in foreclosure? Can a landlord sue their tenants because the tenants did not pay the rent and now the home is under foreclosure?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What gives a company the right to let you go after FMLA is up and you are still on Medical Leave? What gives a company the right to let you go after FMLA is up and you are still on Medical Leave and get return to work and the doctor has notified them? I Live in Georgia.	Family Questions	Georgia
Is there a law that states an employer can not schedule an employee back to back 8 hour shifts? Is there a law that states an employer can not schedule an employee back to back 8 hour shifts?	Employment Questions	Florida
Is my wife able to gain custody if she has neglect charges? I am married to my wife but separated for over a year. She's going into court on neglect charges and a family friend wants to get custody of step daughter. Is she able to gain custody or do I have better chance getting?	Family Questions	New Jersey
New CA drinking law that prohibits alcohol to anyone within the first 24 hours of turning 21? Is there a new California drinking age law that prohibits the service of alcohol to a person within the first 24 hours of turning the age of 21?	Family Questions	California
If I have full custody of my daughter can I deny her father visitation? If I have full custody of my daughter can I deny her father visitation?	Family Questions	Virginia
Rights concerning parking/temporarily stopping and staying in vehicle on the side of a rural road? I want to stop and use my cell phone on the gravel "wide spot" next to a paved county road in Douglas, Oregon. The person who lives in the nearest house insists that I move. This wide spot is the only safe place to be off the pavement but it is in front of his house. What are my rights concerning parking/ temporarily stopping and staying in vehicle on the side of a rural road?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
When or how can I go about getting my late mother&#39;s house? My mother left me her house in her will when she passed away, she also stated her husband could live as long as he is alive, however he is in a nursing home now. When or how can I go about getting the house? thank you	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Is the office liable for the mistake on my taxes? My workplace typed that I was claiming 3 instead of 0 last year and I didn't realize it until we tried to file our taxes this month and it says we owe in. Is the office liable for the mistake?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Is a verbal agreement to a verbal counteroffer a legal agreement? Is a verbal agreement to a verbal counteroffer a legal agreement?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
If someone steals my winning lottery ticket 12 or 13 years ago, can I make a claim? If someone steals my winning lottery ticket 12 or 13 years ago, can I make a claim?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
What days of the week can a landlord come to get rent? What days of the week can a landlord come to get rent?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
How to compromise for joint custody when the father&#39;s schedule is erratic? I want to do share custody with my daughter. The father doesn't know what days he have off. I don't want to cut him out her life, so I think joint custody would be best for both of us. What should I do?	Family Questions	Texas
I need help to rewrite my Georgia Will for Florida? I need help to rewrite my Georgia Will for Florida?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I move out at 17 years old in the state of Illinois? Can I move out at 17 years old in the state of Illinois?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can I move out if I get my parents&#39; permission and rent a room when I&#39;m 17? My Birthday is on the 14th of august I'll be turning 17. Can I move out and live in an apartment with my older sister? Her name is on the lease for the apartment and there are rooms for rent and I was just wondering can I move out if I get my parents permission and rent a room there?	Family Questions	California
Possible for my ex to get temporary custody of our son in another state if we have a case going on? I have a Partial and Temporary Mediation Agreement that my son's father can take  him out of state for the remainder of the summer. Is it possible for him to get temporary Custody of him in another state if we already have a case going on? No one really has custody of him and he has been with me since birth and now he is with him till the end of summer.	Family Questions	California
Can my daughter&#39;s mother send her to another state without my consent? Can my daughter's mother send my daughter to another state to visit without my authorization or take her out of school for this visit?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Does VA. code 26-85 apply to an individual living out of state? Does VA. code 26-85 apply to an individual living out of state?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What are my options to obtain a copy of the trust? Mother passes. Sister is the trustee. Sister refuses to let anyone see it and announces that everything is hers. This is know not to be true and as her brother, I am also an heir. Mother passed in CA, sister leaves in TX and I live in MNWhat are my options to obtain a copy of the trust?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Minnesota
Can I cancel my lease before the 30 days period? Can I cancel my lease before the 30 days period?	Real Estate Questions	District of Columbia
Do I have any legal standing at the approval of sale Hearing to ask for proof of ownership of the Note and or the Deed/Title to my property? Do I have any legal standing at the approval of sale hearing to ask for proof of ownership of the Note and or the Deed/Title to my property, which was auctioned off and the property was not sold so it was in essence sold back to the Bank?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
what is the minimum wage that can be paid to me as a U.S. labor worker? If I am a U.S. citizen and work as a labor worker picking chiles, what is the minimum wage that can be paid to me?	Employment Questions	California
Question about knee injury with no benefits? I was injured in my knee resulted in PF chondrosis. I've been out since March 30 with no benefits and started have an ATT but what is he doing?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Question concerning Food Stamps or EBT cards? Question concerning Food Stamps or EBT cards.  If a person uses their EBT card to purchase items and then brings the items and receipt back to a business and the business reimburses them with cash payment is this breaking the law?  If so who do you contact to report?	Consumer Questions	Alabama
How do I get a neighbor to leave me alone when he constantly harasses me? I am having problems with a neighbor for the past 20 years. He files complaints on me annually for weeds, my horse, no number on my house, any work I do around my house, then threatens people I hire to do maintenance on my property. How do I get this guy to leave me alone?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Does my wife and I have the right to evict my mother-in-law when she causes a lot of problems? my mother-in-law lives with me in my in-law apartment and as for 11 years, the last 5 months there as been a lot of problems. We're not getting along or talking to one another as my wife (her daughter) and I have tried to talk and work this out but she doesn't what to listen. We have 3 children in the house to whom have witnessed some of the fights. She is 70 years of age, and gave 50 thousand dollars to help use buy the house and has lived here rent free for the last 9 out of 11 years. She was giving us 400 hundred a month but refuses to do so any more. Do I and my wife have the right to evict her? Thank you.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
In NY, what age can a child decide which parent they want to live with? In New York state what age can a child decide which parent they want to live with?	Family Questions	New York
Can I file a motion to modify the protection order now? I am in Minnesota. My wife filed an OFP on me Oct 14, 2011. I agreed to it without findings of facts at the hearing. I shouldn't have because she lied to get it.I am now representing myself after my 3rd attorney withdrew immediately after our per-trial conference.Can I file a motion to modify the protection order now? It says something about having to wait 5 years before I can but is this really true?Thanks,Jason	Family Questions	California
If our relationship is ending, do I have any rights under any common law marriage laws? I have lived with someone for over five years. We are leasing a house. I never had my name on the lease although I paid the down payment and I make the monthly payments. Our relationship is ending and I want to know if I have any rights under any common law marriage laws?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can I petition to have the $267 charge removed from my co-signers credit record? I just paid a collection at my former bank. Can I petition to have the $267 charge removed from my co-signers credit record?	Consumer Questions	Texas
Can a funeral home embalm a person before the family members have a chance to have a autopsy? Can a funeral home embalm a person before the family members have a chance to have a autopsy?	Family Questions	Virginia
If you have a lawyer and that lawyer left and turned it over to someone else, are they entitled to be paid also? If you have a lawyer and that lawyer left and turned it over to someone else, are they entitled to be paid also?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Mexico
Can child protective services remove your children when the allegations cannot be proven? Can child protective services remove your children when the allegations cannot be proven?	Family Questions	Oregon
What can I do to insure that I still have a place to live if nephew is is taking over ownership in 6 months? I have lived with my mother for the last 15 years and she has left 2 months ago. I have told my older sister that her son is taking over ownership of property in 6 months. What can I do to insure that I still have a place to live?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Am I able to get alimony if my husband also has girlfriend? My husband had girlfriend moved to Florida and has been separated for 4 years. Husband served me with divorce papers. I am German with legal green card. Am I able to get alimony?	Family Questions	Georgia
What do I do if my daughter gave temporary custody to her ex-boyfriend&#39;s mother? My daughter is in jail and very well may go to prison for about 30 months. I just recently found out that she has given temporary custody to her ex-boyfriend's mother whom is listed as father but biologically is not.  I have a problem with this due to her mental condition she is not capable of making this kind of decision.  They took temporary custody papers to the jail and her sign returned them to, their attorney and the attorney filed.  I have a real problem with this due to the fact I am her grandmother and love this child very much.  They told me that grandparents have no rights or rather I had no rights because she had custody now. What do I do. Is there anything?	Family Questions	Florida
Would you advise us to have a lawyer as well if our son gets a court-appointed lawyer? We have an act 53 Hearing next week for our son in Pittsburgh. He gets a court appointed lawyer. Would you advise us to have a lawyer as well?	Family Questions	New Jersey
Legal recourse if I was awarded small claims but lost it cause I was too sick for the trial date? I was awarded $1300:00 on Van Nuys Small Claims Court. The defendant appealed and due to sickness I could not be present at trial date and therefore losing the case.What's my legal recourse now? Can I file again? Small Claims or Superior Court?Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	California
If fraud was involved and forgery would it make a legal separation agreement voidable? I have a legal separation papers in the state of Virginia, dated March 31, 2011. I have been residing in California for about 8 months. The divorce has never been finalized. In the legal separation papers I signed and were notarized. I had signed that I would not be due any monies, or property. Since that time I had found out my separated spouse filed  and amended 2008 taxes without my knowledge and have been told I have a $12,000 dollar tax bill. I spoke with the IRS and filed an innocent spouse form. My question since  fraud was involved and forgery would this make the legal separation agreement voidable? and if O filed for divorce in California would California law or Virginia Divorce law be used to resolve the case and file for alimony?	Family Questions	California
How will it affect me if my wife has filed for bankruptcy but not end the marriage just yet? My wife is about to file bankruptcy and we are separating have not filed to end the marriage yet. How will this affect me? Just want to be prepared for what I should be prepared for.	Family Questions	Oregon
How do I go about recovering back child support from my kid&#39;s father which is going through a lawsuit? Hi, my name is Sophia Holmes. My question is how do go about recovering back child support from my kid's father who is going through a lawsuit for being hit by a car on his motor cycle. I don't know if it's been settled yet but I was told I could have a lien put on the money. Problem is I don't know how to acquire the needed as far as the case number or what he is suing for. I also filed a motion for a child support increase but he says that's not going to work. I've also filed a complaint with the attorney general Office. It takes ninety days for a response from that. Am I taking the right steps to get the child support I need for my kids?	Family Questions	Michigan
Does an insurance company get fined for not responding to the workers compensation board? Does the insurance company that does my previous employers workers compensation business get fined for not responding to the workers compensation board in a timely manner?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Labor laws regarding breaks for a regularly scheduled 8.5 hour workday? I am a Dental Hygienist working in MA. What are the labor laws regarding breaks for a regularly scheduled 8.5 hour workday?Thank you	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Against the labor board law to work at a call center and have land line phones but no headsets? It is against the labor board law to work at a call center and have land line phones but no headsets?	Employment Questions	California
Will marrying in the US when I&#39;m on a H1B visa be sufficient to apply for my PR here? I am currently on a H1B visa. I have been in the US for 5 years and 7 months. I intend to marry my girlfriend who is a naturalized US citizen here. We intend to get married in the court due to financial reasons. Will that be sufficient to apply for my PR here? Also what are the documents that would be required from both of us? I would greatly appreciate a reply to my question.Thank you.Satish(&#115;&#97;&#x74;&#105;&#x73;&#x68;&#x76;&#x61;&#115;&#x75;&#x64;&#x65;&#118;&#x61;&#x6e;&#x40;&#121;&#97;&#104;&#x6f;&#111;&#46;&#x63;&#111;&#109;)	Family Questions	Illinois
What happens if I just let the owner evict me and take possession? I am in the process of being evicted. I live on leased land and own my trailer.  What happens if I just let them evict me and take possession? Walk away.  The trailer becomes theirs? Am I still obligated to pay the lot rent of $554.35 per month until the place is sold? How do I know when the final eviction is coming?Thank you for any assistance you can give me.Connie Ashman&#x69;&#109;&#x63;&#109;&#97;&#x40;&#121;&#97;&#104;&#111;&#111;&#x2e;&#99;&#111;&#109;239-281-5717	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question pertaining to child support and ex not showing up? I went to court but my husband did not show up for the child support hearing. The judge made a ruling on the child support the payment based on his paper work the payments were to start July 1st. He went in and filed to have it modified. Before the payments have even started so does that mean July 1st? No money will be taken out till we go back to court and I have the paper work. Not sure what to fill out. I don't have a lawyer but he does. I'm not sure why he got a restraining order on him in August. I filed for child support then, but it only goes back to Dec. He has paid nothing for the whole from August to now.	Family Questions	California
Am I disqualified for UIA benefits if I was terminated for agreeing that I smoked prior? I was told that an anonymous caller called the hotline and said that my children told their children that I had smoked marijuana.  When asked, I replied that I have smoked in the past. When asked last use, I replied at a bachelor party two weeks ago.  I was terminated two day later after 2 day suspension.  Now I am disqualified for UIA benefits?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can I terminate interest on arrears on my child support in the state of Texas? Can I terminate interest on arrears on my child support in the state of Texas? I have a child support case in Florida. Currently both cases are automatically deducted from my paycheck each week.	Family Questions	Florida
What to do if  I need a French-speaking interpreter in Manatee County, Florida? What to do if  I need a French-speaking interpreter in Manatee County, Florida?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How do I get back my daughter without intervention from her father and his family? About 2 years ago I had let my daughter spend a week with her father. When I went to go and get her I wasn't allowed to leave with her as he wanted more time with her. Every time after that I have tried to get into contact with her and his family. They have moved about a year ago as he was put in prison. I was told the only way I'm able to get my daughter back or see her is if I have to change her last name and give him her original birth certificate. I shouldn't have to give up those things in order to have my child. Recently I was told some have made me want to fight to get my daughter back from them. She is being bounced from her grandma and her aunt. Her grandma is selling her prescription pills to her aunt and to other people.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
True that I am legally entitled to see my husband in a State prison facility after he has a major heart attack? Isn't it true that I am legally entitled to see my husband in a State prison facility after he has had a major heart attack?  Also, I believe it is the law that someone at the Virginia Department of Corrections let the family know when something like this happens to a loved one.  Please let me know.	Family Questions	Virginia
Once you make an agreement, do you have to make another payment to the same company? Once you make a settlement agreement and your money is  taken from your state income tax, do you have to make another payment to the same company even though the company agreed to this settlement?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can my child&#39;s father get his visitation taken away if his visits are becoming problematic? If my child's father is ordered to see our daughter twice a week and it's always a problem can he get his visitation taken away?	Family Questions	New York
Help in divorcing my husband when he steals my credit cards and has other personal problems? I've been married for 8 yrs and my husband has been in rehab a couple times, has a drug problem and I cant deal with this anymore. How can I get a divorce from him? We have one child together. I'm working, he's not. He hasn't lived with me for a few months. He has stolen from me and my kids, pawned our belongings and I'm also in the process of getting him for stealing my credit cards and maxing them out. They are just in my name. Please help me and what is the cheapest thing i can do?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I get my parental rights reinstated? Can I get my parental rights reinstated? I've been talking and visiting with my children. I was in an abusive marriage and my ex's family threatened me and beat me up to where I had to sign my parental rights over. Now the people that have them the grandfather passed and the grandmother is very sick. I seek help for depression that I had after my last baby. Please help me.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Who can I call to verify that the property owner filed bankruptcy before I pay for the property today? I won a top bid on a foreclosed house in Orlando Florida and I have to pay my bid by 12:00 noon.  The foreclosure lien was by a homeowner association.  In researching the property someone told me that the bank originally tried to foreclose on the house, the property owner filed bankruptcy and this HOA lien is a second lien so I shouldn't buy the house.  If I do I will end up owing the bank.  Is this true?  Where can I go or who can I call to verify if this is true or not before I PAY THE $12000 for the property today?  I can't afford to spend bad money.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Have my rights been violated if my boss told me I should kill myself? Hi I work for a major corporation and my boss told me I should kill myself. Have my rights been violated and what can I do about this?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Help filling out forms for a change of last name for my children? I need help filling out forms for a change of last name of my two older children.  The father has not been in their life since the year 2000. I would like to give them my last name.	Family Questions	California
Does it mean that I cannot do my same job for any other company? Does this mean that I cannot do my same job for any other company?"While employed by the Company and for one (1) year after the termination of myemployment for any reason, I will not, within the United States or any country in which the Company or a licenseeof the Company is then operating or preparing to operate, (i) directly or indirectly participate, in a way that ismaterially in competition with the Company, in the ownership, control or management of any business thatcompetes with the business of the Company, or (ii) be employed by or otherwise provide services to any suchbusiness in any capacity such that my job duties would make such employment competitive with the businessinterests of the Company"	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can my employer schedule me for 10 days in a row without a day off? Can my employer schedule me for 10 days in a row without a day off?	Employment Questions	New York
Can employers ask their employees to drive in the morning after employees worked all night awake shift? Can employers ask their employees to drive in the morning after employees worked all night awake shift?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Lawful for a person to work more than 40hrs per week, but have stub say that we work for only 40 hrs? Is it lawful to mandate a person being paid a salary to work more than 40hrs per week, but have the check stub say that we are being paid for only 40 hrs at an hourly rate?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Allowed for my friend&#39;s work not to get his last paycheck unless he returns the free bike? My roommate worked for a family friend. They gave him a pedal bike so that he could commute to work. He was supposed to receive his last check with the company a month ago and now they're telling him they will not give him his last paycheck without returning free bike they gave him. Are they allowed to do that?	Employment Questions	Texas
Is there a way I can get a free divorce? Is there a way I can get a free divorce?	Family Questions	North Carolina
What is the legal age for parent to stop child support payment? What is the legal age for parent to stop child support payment? The female child has a child of her own and has not lived in parents' home for two years and has apartment of her own in her name and full-time job in NY.	Family Questions	New York
Can a Business start a dress code and enforce dress code after you have been working for 1 year? Can a Business start a dress code and enforce dress code after you have been working for 1 year?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If you work 8 hours in a shift and don&#39;t get either your 15 mins or your unpaid lunch what can I do? If you work 8 hours in a shift and don't get either of your paid 15 mins or your unpaid half hour lunch what can I do?	Employment Questions	New York
How many breaks are people entitled to for working a ten or 12 hour day? How many breaks are people entitled to for working a ten or 12 hr day?	Employment Questions	New York
How can I get custody of myself when I&#39;m 17? Hi. I'm 17 years old and I wanted to find out how can I get custody of myself?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I go about filling my parental rights to my children? How do I go about filling my parental rights to my children?	Family Questions	Florida
For how long can 1 person stay in jail for suspicious warning when he is free of charges? For how long can 1 person stay in jail for suspicious warning of cocaine but he is free for charges?	Criminal Questions	Texas
What happens when you&#39;re not provided with a 30 minute lunch when you work 6 hours a day? Would like to know what happens when your employer does not provide you with a 30 minute lunch when you work 6 hours or more in a day?  This has happened several times to me, recently also when conditioning unit was broken, i am a cook and was on grill seven hours, was not given break, one day ten hours, no break. I work in Massachusetts.	Employment Questions	New York
How do I file for divorce? How do I file for divorce?  What will filing cost me?	Family Questions	New Jersey
What form do I use to get a case number from the Superior Court of CA, Orange County? I live in CA.  I am the trustee to my dad's trust.  I was advised to publish a Notice to Creditors, since some lien may pop up somewhere.  What form do I use to get a case number from the Superior Court of CA, Orange County?  All forms I see are probate forms.	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Help for me if I&#39;ve given a letter from my job saying I&#39;m guaranteed 36hr a week to help pay for my kids? I'm paying 416 dollars a week for my three children, and at this time the courts hasn't taken any of my bills. I've given a letter from my job saying I'm  guaranteed 36hr a week overtime isn't a given. Is there any help for me?	Family Questions	New York
Any course of action I can take if I was treated poorly and fired by an employer? If I was treated poorly by an employer, and told to "stop bitching" after speaking on it, and was then fired after asking my boss to "talk to me like a human being". Is there a course of action I can take?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What do I do if I my ex might take our son to leave the country? i have a son who is 4 years old and he lives in NC with his mother.  I live in NY where he was born.  Through many lies from his mother I have come to the conclusion that if I don't do anything about it she will be taking my son to Korea or Japan with her husband because he is going to be transferred with the army.  if she takes my son I am scared I will never see him again.  We are not on good terms and she has threatened me before.  I need help.  I don't want my son to leave the country.  I didn't even want him to leave the state but she did anyway.	Family Questions	New York
Specialist in inheritance tax in Florida? Specialist in inheritance tax in Florida?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
What to do if the police aren&#39;t helping me out with pressing charges on my son&#39;s attack? i want to press charges on man and his ex & 2 others who came to get my daughter. One man and his ex wife beat me up left bruises on my body, face and nose and eyes are bruised  then the woman grab my grandson tried to put the baby in her car. When my 17-year-old son saw this man hit me and knock me down, he tackled the guy and they began fight, other man pulled my son to the ground and he was hit over and over by the same man who hit me. I am a disabled senior, and the police man who came out won't let me press charges or listen to my statement of what happen or my son's statement. He said he'll handle this. I went back and the police department will only let me speak to the same officer who will not help this happen on my property.	Criminal Questions	Texas
What to do to stop my child support payments when they&#39;re legal? What do I need to do to stop my child support payment when my kids reach at he age stated in the divorce?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can we get our money back for the apartment complication? My granddaughter went to IUP, rented an apartment for 3 years.  Paid 575.00 security deposit, plus $100.00 more for a cat.  Landlord said she would get the $100.00 back if the apartment was clean.  She did a great job cleaning, and has witnesses.  She moved from Homer City, Pa. (apt) to Columbia, Pa. (about a 4 1/4 hour trip.)  She only received $45.00 of her security, and that was 1 1/2 months after she moved.  They cut the Grass, raked leaves and shoveled snow while they were there.  That was not a stipulation in the lease.  Because of the distance, how can we start to get her money back?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
If a person works part-time, 5 hours per shifts, is that person entitled to lunch or a break? If a person works part-time, 5hrs per shifts, is that person entitled to lunch or a break?	Family Questions	Illinois
What do I do if my husband agreed to a divorce 3 months ago, but is now backing out? I am doing a self-divorce. What if my husband agreed 3 months ago to "send them, I'll sign them", but refuses to sign them now? I live in Georgia.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Legal to hold an employee&#39;s first check for 6 weeks? Is it legal to hold an employee's first check for 6 weeks?	Employment Questions	Florida
If my daughter is not on the title, can we transfer ownership of the home over to her? My husband, myself and daughter are listed on the home mortgage. My daughter is not on the title, can we transfer ownership of the home over to her?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Would celiac disease prevent you from getting a job or enable you to collect disability? Would Celiac disease prevent you from getting a job or enable you to collect disability?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Family Questions	Massachusetts
How many hours a week do real estate lawyers work? How many hours a week do real estate lawyers work?	Employment Questions	New York
Why would their be a trial when there was no dispute that the money was paid? My landlord filed a petition for non payment for the month of May 2012. The court date was set for May 29, 2012. I paid the landlord the May 2012 rent on May 25, 2012 and notified the landlord tenant clerk of court that I could not appear on May 29, 2012 but the money due was paid. My landlord appeared and obtained a judgement and warrant of eviction on default although he received the amount due. I filed an order to show cause to have the matter placed on the court calendar and attached the receipts of payment. The OTSC was heard and the Judge set the matter down for trial. My question is why would there be a trial when there was no dispute that the money was paid? The judge wants to hold a trial to determine if I violated the lease.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can you call in sick when you have an ill child? Can you call in sick when you have an ill child? Can they refuse to give you the day off?	Employment Questions	California
Do I have to be a resident of Connecticut to get a divorce when I relocated to KY? Do I have to be a resident of Connecticut to get a divorce? I have relocated to KY. I was married in Connecticut and spouse still there.	Family Questions	Kentucky
How long does it take for a person to get their belongings out of an apartment? how long does it take for a person to get their belongings out of an apartment?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Do I have a right to keep my x-rays from my past chiropractor? Do I have a right to keep my x-rays from my past chiropractor?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
If I move to FL and I&#39;m 18, will they be allowed to come get me? In Alabama a parent is legally allowed to hold their child at home until they are 19 years old. If I move to Florida and I am 18 will they be allowed to come get me since I am in a completely different state?	Family Questions	Alabama
How do we make sure we are not liable to the IRS for any unpaid taxes? FIRPTA questionWe are purchasing a home in Clearwater Fl from an Individual who has a "green card".  The husband is an alien without a card.  I am told that the husband can quit claim the deed and put the property in his wife's name  only and that would eliminate the need for putting 10% in escrow for IRS purposes.  Is this true?  We are not willing to sign anything stating that we would definitely maintain 50% residency for 2 years in the home even though, the cost is 270,000 below the 300,000 maximum.  How do we make sure we are not liable to the IRS for any unpaid taxes under these circumstances?   Thank You for your help!	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can you receive unemployment when you retire? Can you receive unemployment when you retire?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What point is a contract between a union and an employer binding? In the state of Missouri at what point is a contract between a union and an employer binding? Is it at the time the contract is written? At the time the contract is ratified? or at the time all parties have signed, dated, and have made a communication of acceptance? Thank you for your time.	Employment Questions	Missouri
Can I do anything to break the lease and get my deposit back or get part of my rent back? I moved into a trailer 3 months ago and have a problem with renting. I didn't have any problems at first but now the exterior doors are leaking. One is on a hallway with the carpet leaking pretty bad. I told my landlord 3 weeks ago about the problem and he said "I'm kinda knee deep in this right now" and walked out the door. He was talking about renovating his office. He has yet to come by or call. Also found out the place is known for having roaches. I Didn't see any at first but it's really bad now. I wasn't warned about this problem? Can I do anything to break the lease and get my deposit back or get part of my rent back?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Will mother&#39;s lawyer have copy of memorandum? Our trustee (step dad) didn't share a memorandum my mom wrote about what she wants to do with some of her things. Will her lawyer have a copy of it where she had a will and trust set up?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
If my ex asks me to move out, does it release me from any monetary obligation bound by the lease? I am on a lease for a house in Florida. My ex is asking me to move out as soon as possible, Does this release me from any monetary obligation bound by the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What other legal aspects should I consider in order to protect my start-up? As a start-up company I know that employees must sign a non disclosure agreement as well as a work for hire contract but I was wondering what other legal aspects should I consider in order to protect my start-up? We are in the process of building out my idea so I was wondering should I still get it copyrighted or patented even though I have read on other sites that patents can protect ideas. The only difference for us is that idea is coming into fruition so its more than just an idea Is there. Any legal aspects that I should consider that I haven't already considered?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New Jersey
How do I enforce the parenting plan? My divorce decree and parent plan states that my ex will pay $700 per child per month (this is $105 over the child support worksheet). He has decided he does not want pay and and ceased all payments.  How do I enforce the parenting plan?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Washington
What age is it legal to drop out of school in CA? What age is it legal to drop out of school in CA?	Family Questions	California
Can asbestos or lead paint cause you to have problems with your kidneys? Can asbestos or lead paint cause you to have problems with your kidneys?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What breaks (unpaid time) are required for an hourly employee? What breaks (unpaid time) are required for an hourly employee?	Employment Questions	New York
How do I remove a bankruptcy from my credit report that has been on more than ten (10) years? How do I remove a bankruptcy from my credit report that has been on more than ten (10) years?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Nevada
What is a plea hearing that comes after jury trial? What is a plea hearing that comes after jury trial? A relative had a jury trial and now has a plea hearing scheduled, what does that mean?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
At what age can a child stay on their own at home after school for 2 hours? At what age can a child stay on their own at home after school for 2 hours? Is it 13 or14?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How would you create a will and last testament so it can&#39;t be contested? How would you create awill and last testamentin the state of Arizona so it can't be contested/disputed?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Did the parties have to be residence of VA in order to be marriages in 1970? Did the parties have to be residence of VA in order to be marriages in 1970? Also was a blood test required?	Family Questions	Virginia
How much of a monthly increase on rent is legal? How much of a monthly increase on rent is legal?  I want to increase one tenant and I am not sure if there is a legal limit per month to increase.	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Am I entitled to any kind of spousal support? My husband wants a legal separating. I want to know if I'm entitled to any kind of spousal support from him if he files for a divorce? He is retired Navy.	Family Questions	Iowa
What steps can we take to get the kids back? My niece was shot and killed by her boyfriend/children's father.  He signed custody over of the 2 children to his two sisters.  One of the children were sent out of state.  He is a person of interest in the investigation. Our family is being denied any interaction with the children. What steps can we take to try and get these children back with their murdered mother's family?	Family Questions	Illinois
Does ex have rights to house if name on mortgage not deed? Does ex have rights to house if name on mortgage not deed?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Can family member sign divorce papers? Can a family member sign for divorce papers when the papers are filed in New York?	Family Questions	New York
Is there anyway my husband can get out of the contract for a small RV? My husband signed a contract to buy a small RV and the next day changed his mind and told the RV dealer he didn't want the RV and they said the deal was final.  Is there anyway he can get out of the contract?  He is also trading in a camper that he purchased from them 10 months ago.	Consumer Questions	Florida
If I work 47 hours a week selling RVs at a sales lot and make no sales  does the owner have to pay me at least minimum wages? If I work 47 hours a week selling RVs at a sales lot and make no sales  does the owner have to pay me at least minimum wages?	Employment Questions	Florida
If I receive divorce papers in the mail and there is an acceptance of service form to sign and date, do I need to sign/date it and return it? If I receive divorce papers in the mail (not directly and not officially served) and there is an ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE form to sign and date...do I need to sign/date it and return it? What happens if I don't? Does this in any way mean I am agreeing to the divorce or any parts of the divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal for a company to hold my vehicle for over a month until I pay? I hired All American Auto to transport my vehicle from Virginia to Hawaii. They have contracted the job out to AMKO to get my vehicle from Viriginia to California. That was accomplished. AMKO has been holding my vehicle for a month and a half now until payment is received from All American. I have tried calling All American to no resolution of the matter. Is this a criminal offense. Please advise.	Consumer Questions	Hawaii
Is my wife entitled to view financial statements from accounts set up under the trust and what process does she need to take? My wife is a co-trustee and beneficiary with her brother on a irrevocable trust. Her brother was "gifted" the funds first prior to setting up the trust in both their names. Is my wife entitled to view financial statements from accounts set up under the trust and what process does she need to take?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Legal of person of dementia to make decisions when appointed a guardian? Is it legal to expect someone with mod/severe dementia to make decisions in visitation, mode of travel, who they visit with and length of stay, when they have a court appointed guardian?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
When can a landlord lock you out? When can a landlord lock you out?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Person refuses to pay me 70% of income property. I own 70% of a income property and the other person owns 30%. He won't pay me my 70% and hasn't in the last 16 months. What can I do?	Commercial Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Iowa
Can certified nurse&#39;s assistants be mandated on a weekly basis? Can certified nurse's assistants be mandated on a weekly basis?	Employment Questions	New York
Question about paying unemployment? I resigned from my job to go with my husband 3 states away because he got a higher paying job. NC unemployment does not want to pay me unemployment.  Is that leagal?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can a job fire you over a text or a phone call? Can a job fire you over a text or a phone call?	Employment Questions	Florida
How many hours minimum is a job to pay you per day? How many hours minimum is a job to pay you per day?	Employment Questions	Florida
How many days does a hotel keep unclaimed belongings? How many days does a hotel have to keep guest belongings that aren't claimed under California Law?	Employment Questions	California
My ex husband just informed me he will not pay the court ordered insurance premium payments I need to start. What do I file in court? None	Family Questions	Colorado
Court force to give up son&#39;s passport to his father? I want to know if the court will "make" me give up my son's passport to his father so they can go on vacation?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What are the rules for a lunch break during a 12-hour work shift? In the state of Colorado, what is the guidelines for a lunch break and normal breaks during a 12-hour work shift?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can a company terminate you while on medical leave once you file for disability? Can a company terminate you while on medical leave once you file for disability	Employment Questions	Georgia
Do I legally have a right to ask for a doctor&#39;s note stating he is free from mersa? My son's father has supervised visits and he got mersa. Do I legally have a right to ask for a drs note stating he is free from mersa?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can a father that was never married to the mother receive custody? Can a father that was never married to the mother receive custody?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Does your employer have to give you breaks? Does your employer have to give you breaks such has lunch breaks or even small breaks during a 8 hour shift?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have to continue to pay alimony after I retire and I&#39;m only receiving social security? In the state of Fl do I have to continue to pay alimony after I retire and I'm only receiving social security	Family Questions	Florida
Guidelines for compensating employers for CE time and costs? In the state of Pa, are there guidelines for employers to follow concerning employees and compensating them for CE time and costs?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
if I am scheduled to work till 9:30pm then 5am, is there a law on how many hours off you&#39;re allowed? if I am scheduled to work till 9:30pm then 5am, is there a law on how many hours off you should be allowed between eight hour shifts you should be allowed off?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can someone obtain my Social Security number without my consent and put a lean on it? Can someone obtain my Social Security number without my consent and put a lean on it?	Consumer Questions	Texas
what are the extradition laws in South Dakota on a DUI felony class 6? what are the extradition laws in South Dakota on a DUI felony class 6?	Criminal Questions	South Dakota
What legal action can I take if there&#39;s harassment in front of a child? My son, my dad and I have joint custody of my 6 years old son since he was 5 months.  Lately there's been some problems because his girlfriend/wife has been getting involve and tries to make all the decision for him.  She has harassed me by text.  There is no problem between me and the dad unless she has something to do with it.  I feel like this should not happen in front of my child because she is not his parent.  What legal action can I do?	Family Questions	California
Is it considered fraud to collect Unemployment and disability payments at the same time? Is it considered fraud to collect Unemployment and disability payments at the same time?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
I rent an apartment in Ohio, Greene County. I have been informed of a new corporate decision from the company that owns the apartment complex, that I will now have to pay for cable whether I want it or not. Is this legal for them to do this?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Utilities Questions	Ohio
Is my sister&#39;s husband still liable for paying the mortgage and gas when he moved out? my sister's husband moved out of their house. They are legally still married now for 20 years. Is he still liable for paying the mortgage, gas, etc.?	Family Questions	New Mexico
Legal for my wife&#39;s company to charge her for having me on her insurance even though we are married? I live in Michigan.  Is it legal that a company can can charge a surcharge for adding a married spouse as a dependent on their medical plan.  I work 80hrs every 2weeks at 9$hr. Take home pay is a little over $500 each 2 weeks because of child support and taxes. My company's medical plan charges approx. $250 Every 2weeks.  (2vehicles-$100 per vehicle to fill up every week., Gas, Electric, car insurance, food for a family of 5.) You see I cannot afford my company's medical insurance.  Again I ask. is it legal for my wife's company to charge her for having me on her insurance even though we are married?	Employment Questions	Michigan
How many people by law are allowed to live in a three bedroom single home in the state of Florida? How many people by law are allowed to live in a three bedroom single home in the state of Florida?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If you work eight hours or more are you entitled to a thirty minute lunch break? i need to know if you work eight hours or more are you entitled to a thirty minute lunch break?	Employment Questions	Indiana
My boyfriend and I moved in together and have been splitting the rent. I&#39;ve paid but without my knowledge from him or the property mgt co, rent for 2 months went unpaid. I never got a vacate notice or a phone call. What are my options and how do I protect my credit?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Texas
if there is inconsistency in a child support order can you have the order removed? if there is inconsistency in a child support order can you have the order removed?	Family Questions	Illinois
If law enforcement falsified the dispatch call card, is that grounds for a dismissal? If law enforcement falsified the dispatch call card when asked for it and the dispatch tape during discovery is that grounds for a dismissal?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
How can I serve divorce papers if I don&#39;t know where my spouse is living (within MO) or working?  I heard something about &quot;posting&quot; it in some manner?  I&#39;ve tried doing a search for process serving divorce papers in MO but couldn&#39;t seem to find anything specific. Can someone please help me? None	Family Questions	Missouri
How can a person file charges on someone that has lied one after another to get custody of our child? How can a person file charges on someone that has lied one after another to get custody of our child?	Family Questions	Connecticut
Can I refuse to let the father take the child for visitation if he has no place to live? Can I refuse to let my babies father to take the child for visitation if he has no place to live, does not pay child support, has no phone, and can't drive?	Family Questions	Minnesota
What can I do if a Sprint manager stole my identity to get a cell phone? A sprint manager stole my identity to get a cell phone. What can I do?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Can you pay the judgment and be done with it if someone wins a judgement against you? If someone wins a judgment against you in North Carolina and then takes a writ of execution to come after your property can you pay the judgment and be done with it?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
What to do if my uncle was in prison and they burned his body because he was dead without asking us? What to do if my uncle was in prison and they burned his body because he was dead without asking us?	Family Questions	Georgia
What are the rights that the wife has if after a month the order was signed she&#39;s back into house? A husband and wife get a separation agreement signing the wife off all rights to any ira's, 401k's, the property with an order that the wife cannot be in the house at all. Then a month after the order was signed the husband moves the wife back into house for the next 6 years. What are the rights that the wife has?	Family Questions	New York
Are there any exceptions such as porting out considering my uniqueness? I have a Section 8 Voucher valid for Maywood, IL. I am unable to find a wheelchair accessible dwelling. I must find something in Maywood, IL before it expires on March 26, 2012 otherwise I'm released from the program. First I was told by an MHA rep that I'm eligible for a reasonable accommodation, meaning that I can port out to the city if I'm unable to find accessibility in Maywood. Then I was told otherwise, that I could if I lived in Maywood at the time I was placed on the list. Typically a person has to live in the jurisdiction of that voucher for 1 year before porting out. However due to my unique situation, I thought the reasonable accommodation applied to me. Are there any exceptions such as porting out considering my uniqueness?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Question regarding having a startup set up in Delaware and i need a lawyer to make it operational? I have a startup set up in Delaware and i need a lawyer to make it operational. Operating agreement, cooperation with mobile developers, working visas in US, accountant referrals and many others. I was charged 10k by a law firm in the US for all that. Can anyone help me.Best Regards,Sergio Braga Filho&#x73;&#x65;&#x72;&#x67;&#x69;&#111;&#x2e;&#102;&#105;&#108;&#104;&#111;&#x40;&#x65;&#x78;&#112;&#114;&#x65;&#115;&#115;&#97;&#46;&#x63;&#x6f;&#109;	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
Will I be able to keep if everything is in my name but he paid for it? Everything is in my name but he paid for it. Will I be able to keep it?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Is it legal to have a 139.4% loan rate? I just got a loan from Westsky loans which is located in California and when I received the papers it showed that the percentage rate was 139.4 is that legal?	Consumer Questions	Louisiana
Can we get help with funds for taking care of the kids when the mother gave up her rights? we have three grand kids. Their mother gave up her rights to keep from paying child support. Can we get help with funds for taking care of these kids?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How do I give up my parental rights? How do I give up my parental rights to my mother that has had managing conservator ship of my son?	Family Questions	Texas
Should I get paid if I&#39;m off the clock at 9:30pm but required to stay on premises? I am off the clock at 9:30pm but required to stay on premises. Should I be getting paid for this?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Can one entity serve as paymaster to eliminate multiple payroll returns? How can one entity owned by one individual serve as paymaster for other entities owned by the same individual to eliminate multiple payroll returns? All entities are located in Illinois. Some of the employees but not all work for more than one entity at the same time.	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Can you do court over the phone without a petition? My parents are supposed to go to court on Monday, but my dad moved out of state. Can you do court over the phone without a petition?	Family Questions	Washington
for court if the plaintiff is using a letter that isn't official because the driver hand wrote it, but the owner said that if the letter wasn't writing by him it has no grounds, could that be enough for a miss trial?	Leasing Questions	North Carolina
What if the mother of a child gives the child to someone and the father of the child wants the child? what if the mother of a child gives the child to someone and the father of the child wants the child? What are his rights?	Family Questions	Georgia
Is the situation a taxable event? A property is mortgaged to a bank  through forged document. The mortgager then defaults on the loan and the bank forecloses on the property.  Original owner  brings case to  court  to regain his property. To avoid lengthy court trial in  the Philippines  Owner and bank agrees to a negotiated settlement. It is agreed  that  the  property will be re-conveyed back to rightful owner if the owner  will reimburse the bank the  cost  of  the mortgage.Is this a taxable event?Can  you  cite precedence in Philippine Law and/or American law?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is the time frame to establish paternity? What is the time frame to establish paternity?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can I get rid of my ex-roommate&#39;s stuff? Can I get rid of my ex-roommate's stuff?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If parents are fighting for joint custody of a 1.5 year old, and the one parent leaves her home alone multiple times, what can the other parent do? If parents are fighting for joint custody of a 1.5 year old, and the one parent leaves her home alone multiple times, what can the other parent do?	Family Questions	Michigan
Question about over meal and breaks violation? I live and work in New York state. I am currently working 10 hour day shifts and receive one 15 minute break in the morning and 30 minutes for lunch. This leaves a 4 hour period in the afternoon with no rest break. My employer has stated that we can have a 15 minute rest break in the afternoon but only if we work past that  4 hours and that the break will be taken at the end of the 4 hours worked. my question is, is this a legal practice in New York state?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What are the chances of my kids&#39; father getting custody? My kids' father is trying to get custody of my kids. What are the chances?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Can my ex cash out a pension without my signature? I have been separated (not legally) for 2 years. Upon filing our joint tax return I found out my husband cashed in a $56,000  pension. Can he do this without my signature? also if he retires will my spousal support be based solely on his social security?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
If a customer is behind on their storage fees can the bank come in and take the boat without paying the storage fees owed? If a customer is behind on their storage fees can the bank come in and take the boat without paying the storage fees owed?	Consumer Questions	California
I&#39;m thinking of making and selling calendars as a fundraiser for our adoption.  The calendars would feature photos of Etch-A-Sketch drawings I have personally done.  I was hoping to include character drawings such as a Disney princess or Spiderman.  Would that be breaking any copyright laws? None	Copyright Questions	Indiana
If I&#39;m renting an apartment on a house which is for sale, how is the rentee suppose to tell the renter about a viewing in their dwelling? If I'm renting an apartment on a house which is for sale, how is the rentee suppose to tell the renter about a viewing in their dwelling? Are they allowed to come in if I tell them no?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If a owner in foreclosure rents out their condo and has not paid regime fees for a year, what can you do?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
Can sister represent me in child visitation hearing if  I cannot attend? Can I give my sister power of attorney to represent me in my child visitation hearing if I am not able to attend?	Family Questions	Texas
Is it legal to take back gifts given by ex-girlfriend? I need to know the Georgia laws concerning personal gifts. I was given several gifts from a girlfriend while we were dating. A month after we dissolved the relationship, she has come back and insists I give back the birthday presents of a new laptop computer and a new television set. They were genuine gifts. But she claims because she charged the gifts to her credit cards, that they are not paid for, and therefore she did not own them. The gifts have been in my possession for 3 months, and as I said, they were birthday gifts. She claims to be going to magistrate court to have these items seized. We were not engaged. She said she, "has the means" and just wanted to give them because she could. Is this legal?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Can my ex husband claim kids on tax return even though my kids don&#39;t live with him and only pays about 155 of child support once in a while? Can my ex husband claim kids on tax return even though my kids don't live with him and only pays about 155 of child support once in a while? The kids live with me and their stepdad. The stepdad has been supporting them for 3 years already.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
My landlord told me to exit his room that I rent for late payment today at 12pm and said if I don&#39;t, he will call the police and have me locked up for trespassing. I am on disbility and have no where to go and he did not even give me a written notice or anything else what rights do I have?	Leasing Questions	North Carolina
I was laid off and was told I could do the rehiring process but was not hired. Is this legal? I was laid off through no fault of my own on 7-29-10 and paid severance through 11-29-2010 and was told I could job post for another job if one came up.  The first job posted was on December 2011 and I had 3 separate interviews with 3 different people including the hiring manager.  They hired someone else. I though they had to hire back if that person wanted their job back.  Any advice?	Employment Questions	Indiana
When is regular financial help from outside party seen as income for person paying child support? Under what circumstances is regular financial help from an outside party considered income for one who is obligated to pay child support?	Family Questions	Ohio
A vehicle was awarded in divorce but now ex-spouse stopped paying on it. Can it be repossessed or does the decree stop that from happening?	Family Questions	Texas
As a parent can I sign my rights away and can I  go back later and get visits with the child? As a parent can I sign my rights away and can I  go back later and get visits with the child?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
2 weeks before our rent is due, our landlord sends out a letter stating that they are temporarily increasing our rent for the months of Dec-April. Our rental agreement says that we are to pay the original amount each month. It says nothing about agreeing to an increase. What should we do?	Leasing Questions	Ohio
Would it be illegal to switch from being an employee on payroll to a &quot;room and board&quot; employee? Would it be illegal to switch from being an employee on payroll to a "room and board" employee?	Employment Questions	California
I need to get out of my lease and my landlord thinks he can charge me the amount of money for my rent each month until he re-rents the place.  I think this is ridiculous. Is there anything I can do?	Leasing Questions	Wyoming
In Florida, when a final judgement has been made on a foreclosure, is a notice to vacate served on the defendant and how many days to vacate? In Florida, when a final judgement has been made on a foreclosure, is a notice to vacate served on the defendant and how many days to vacate?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a judge make me combine our incomes for payment of a child outside our marriage? Can a judge make me pay my spouse child support or combine our incomes for payment of a child outside our marriage?	Family Questions	New York
Private lawyer that can help me  modify an existing employment discrimination case pending in court? Need a free private lawyer that can help me  modify an existing employment discrimination case pending in court?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What to do if my daughter was falsely terminated for accessing an employer&#39;s computer? My daughter was working for someone and was recently terminated. They refuse to pay her accusing her of changing the password on the point of sale computer. She couldn't have, timeline etc. Anyways, as I understand it, salary earned cannot be withheld except under circumstances related to theft or garnishment.This person sent her a text yesterday saying give me my password and flash drive (which she does not have) or you're not getting paid. Bottom line. We have the message and correspondence saved as text and email msgs. Labor dept? Small claims? Amt due 452 dollars.	Family Questions	Florida
What can I do with being followed after adhering to the contract? I bought a boat on contract for $4,000. I have made all my payments and have the receipts. I'm doing everything in the contract but he says I'm behind. He has people watching us and taking pictures of me and my family while we are on the boat and he keeps saying he is going to come get the boat. The title is not even in his name, it's in someone else's name, what can I do?	Contract Questions	Illinois
What to do when a tenant has been notified 3 times to vacate property when she has not rented any space? I have a mobile home and did all the correct legal title work. I have a title bond and paid in full receipt. A woman has moved into the unit approximately 4 months ago. She did not rent any on space and did not fill out any paperwork forms to be a tenant of the park. She has been notified 3 times to vacate my property. How do I get her out?	Real Estate Questions	District of Columbia
What to do if I&#39;m the executor of my mother&#39;s estate when it doesn&#39;t sell well? I am the executor of my Mother's estate, who was in a nursing home at the time of death in PA, but she is a resident o NJ.  I received a notice from from the PA Department of Welfare because she had received medical assistance and they are asking for reimbursement of roughly $22,000.00  Is this the normal procedure?  She owned a home in NJ, which did not sell during her lifetime and still has not sold almost one year after her death.  There are numerous liens on the house and we had to put a lot of money into the house to try and sell it.  It is an old house and I am not sure what it will sell for or if there will be much left after tje sale.  Please advise me on this.  Peggy Gonsalves	Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
In CT, can a minor&#39;s social security monies be used to pay past due fees to a guardian ad litem when the remaining responsible parent is destitute? None	Administrative Law Questions	Connecticut
Can a will be executed in the person who is to receive the assets is incarcerated at this time? Can a will be executed in the person who is to receive the assets is incarcerated at this time?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Is raising the rent by 10% fair amount? I own a home in the state Florida that I rent for $1100.00 per month. I am thinking of raising the rent 10% with the new lease. I would like to know if that is a fair amount ? The rent amount includes lawn maintenance, cable, water and garbage. I pay the maintenance of $274.00 a month out of pocket.	Leasing Questions	Florida
Legal for my uncle to kick me out of his house after a 2-month stay? I have been staying with my uncle and his family for two months now and he has asked me to leave his house by tomorrow. Is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Legal for my employer to send their doctor to see if I can return to work after my accident? I'm receiving worksman comp because of a fall at work last month. Now the company I work for says they have light duty for me. I'm a grill line cook and I do a lot of heavy lifting. The injury is to my back. When I go back to their doctor who hasn't let me return to work yet, the company is sending a nurse to the doctor to discuss my returning to work. Is it legal for them to do that?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
If you are living with relatives and they damage your property, would they have to replace your property? if you are living with relatives and if they damage or caused your property to get stolen would they have to replace your property?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If I took an online payday loan in 2006 and then found out they where prohibited here am I still libel? If I took an online payday loan in 2006 and then found out they where prohibited here am I still libel?  Can I be sued?	Consumer Questions	Connecticut
What are the chances of being awarded guardianship when parents are not providing adequate support? I have had my 5 year old niece living with me for 10 months. Both of her parents live within 15 minutes of us but only see her when it is convenient. They both have gone many weeks without a phone call or visit. I am planning on filing for guardianship of her. Neither of her parents work or live on their own. I am the one who enrolled her in school. They have provided no financial support whatsoever. They are also drug addicts and both have a record. What are the chances of being awarded guardianship?	Family Questions	Michigan
What is the grace period, under Georgia law, that a tentant has to pay the landlord&#39;s fees?	Leasing Questions	Georgia
How do I go about obtaining a legal aid on my fixed income and get a divorce with estranged spouse? how do I go about obtaining a legal aide lawyer on my fixed income and  get a divorce with  estranged spouse living in another state?	Family Questions	New York
Can I return the car even if the price is lower? I signed an agreement for the purchase of a car and the dealer allowed me to drive off the lot. They then said that the original contract was declined by the bank and I need to sign another contract. Can I return the car even if the price is lower?	Consumer Questions	California
In the state of Virginia if you have only been married a month, can you annul the marriage? In the state of Virginia if you have only been married a month, can you annul the marriage?	Family Questions	Virginia
When divorcing can you stipulate in the divorce that you want to have your name removed off of a home? When divorcing can you stipulate in the divorce that you want to have your name removed off of a home/mortgage?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Legal for me to date a 24-year-old if we aren&#39;t having sex or sexual acts and I&#39;m 17? Legal for me to date a 24-year-old if we aren't having sex or sexual acts and I'm 17?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have any legal rights if I am not being allowed to visit my father due to the actions of my family? I am wondering if I have any legal rights or recourse if I am not being allowed to visit my father or contact him in any way due to the actions of my family. I would like to be able to visit him in his apartment building and take him out to various places, including to the doctor. I am very concerned about his health and general well being, at this point. What can I do in this situation?	Family Questions	New York
Is it illegal to work split shifts at Target Stores in California? Is it illegal to work split shifts at Target Stores in California?	Employment Questions	California
Is there sales tax if car title marked as gift? I want to give my daughter my deceased husband's car, if I mark the title as a gift does she have to pay for sales tax?	Family Questions,Legal Questions,Tax Questions	Ohio
Can my employer force me to use my vacation days on a holiday so they don&#39;t have to pay me holiday pay? Can my employer force me to use one of my vacation days on a holiday so they don't have to pay me holiday pay?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can my boss keep my check cause i called out sick for two days with a doctor&#39;s note? Can my boss keep my check cause i called out sick for two days with a doctor's note?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
On a month to month basis, how much notice is the tenant obligated to provide to the landlord? On a month to month basis, how much notice is the tenant obligated to provide to the landlord?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Illegal if you have a live-in caregiver that you want to work 5 days a week and stay in the home 24 hours? Is it illegal if you live in California and have a live-in caregiver that you want to work 5 days a week and only about 6 - 8 hours a day but you want them to stay in the home 24 hours the five days they are scheduled to work because the person they are caring for is bedridden?  They have 2 days off during that work week.	Employment Questions	California
Question regarding on how to modify my divorce papers that my wife filed? I would like to find out about a modification to my divorce papers that my wife filed. She is asking for 50% of my workers comp claim. However, I will no longer be returning to work, and when she filed she did not inform me of this until about 2 weeks ago and we divorced in 2010. It is now 2012. I gave her the house. I did not ask for any of her 401k plan, or monies from her shares when her company went and sold out. There is more but that is a start.	Family Questions	New York
I just bought my first house and want to know what exactly a &quot;lien&quot; on the house means? I just bought my first house and want to know what exactly a "lien" on the house means?	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I have to stay and work or am I able to leave due to unsafe work environment? We have no power and he is still making us work. The windows in the office do not open so we cannot get a breeze the ac is not working, he had about a dozen extension cords plugged into 1 outlet. What are my rights? Do I have to stay and work or am I able to leave due to unsafe work environment?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Where is the line drawn for how much an employer can tell an employee about a death in the family? Where is the line drawn for how much an employer can tell an employee about a death in the family?	Employment Questions	Alabama
How do I find out if I am living in an illegal conversion apartment? I am renting an apartment in a New York City private home, an older house from 1933, that is now home to five seperate apartments. The owner lives in the basement which was an "illegal conversion" and thus is not rentable. My understanding of this law is that the owner themselves can live there, but it is illegal to charge rent for a basement Apartment. Is this correct?Also, I learned from searching the Dept of Buildings records show that our house is only approved for three apartments and not counting the basement, which is owner occupied, there are still four apartments he is renting for a fee. My apartment is one of them. I need to know how to find out if I am living in the "Illegal Conversion" and if so, what does that mean to me?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is a 24-hour notice required for showing a rented house? Is a 24-hour notice required for showing a rented house?	Real Estate Questions	California
Legal if I received a 15-day notice of termination of tenancy from my friend whom we share a house? I received a 15-day notice of termination of tenancy from my  friend whom we share a house, but his name is on it. This notice does not pertain to any specific reason. Can he do this? Is it legal?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If my mother made an amendment to her power of attorney in her family trust, who does she need to give copies to? My mother has made an amendment to her power-of-attorney  in her Family trust. Who does she need to give  copies of this amendment to? Would the title company listed for her house need to have a copy?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Question about employment and check? I started a new job on March 19, on the afternoon of the 22 the director came to me and said unfortunately they were not going to be able to keep me on. They were not ready for the growth like they thought they were. He said I would be paid for the entire day and would receive my check on the 2nd of April. I still have not received my check and he will not answer my emails or voice mail messages. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do if my boss won&#39;t return my tools? What to do if my boss won't return my tools?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
What options do he/we have to stop my ex from changing the original order of the custody? My husband and his ex-wife have 50/50 custody of their two children and my husband was just served papers to have the 50/50 custody changed that was originally set in place during the divorce.  What oprtions do he/we have to stop her from changing the original order?  My husband pays for phones, school etc.  The girls are 14 and 16.	Family Questions	Georgia
Can a minor get into trouble for exposing himself to another minor? Can a minor get into trouble for exposing himself to another minor?	Family Questions	Iowa
My husband was not divorce from his first wife when we got married. Does it make our marriage valid?	Family Questions	Georgia
Will an easement agreement trigger a due on sale clause in my mortgage? Will an easement agreement trigger a due on sale clause in my mortgage?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What to do if we bought a car in April and haven&#39;t received the title yet in order to get our license plates? What to do if we bought a car in April and haven't received the title yet in order to get our license plates?	Consumer Questions	California
Does a high school have a legal obligation to retain a students records for a period of time? In regards to Education Law, does a high school have a legal obligation to retain a students records for a period of time? If a school cannot find a student's file/records do to a change in archiving procedures, fire, flood ect.. Does the school have an obligation to the student?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can I take my mother to court to get my child support sent to me? My mother has been getting recent child support for me but I do not live at home any more. I got my own apartment and fend for myself as my mother hardly helps me. I am 19 with two kids and I will be enrolled in college in September of 2012. My mother gets 216 a month for child support but she only gives me half and spends the rest on her needs. I am currently unemployed and I need all my money. Can I take her to court to get my child support sent to me? Would she have pay that back?	Family Questions	New York
Do I need a DNA test to prove paternity or is the Paternity Affidavit proof enough? Do I need a DNA test to prove paternity or is the Paternity Affidavit proof enough?  We are not married and she took child without me know out of State and I am trying to serve her with a Return of child papers but have been told I need to prove paternity first?	Family Questions	California
Is it against the law to advertise for a non-smoker? Is it against the law to advertise for a non-smoker?	Employment Questions	Texas
If I want to drop child support can I do so? if i want to drop child support can I do so?	Family Questions	Illinois
CH-Sandra Cephas&#39;s Confidential Question &#x73;&#x61;&#110;&#100;&#114;&#x61;&#x37;&#64;&#103;&#109;&#97;&#x69;&#108;&#x2e;&#99;&#111;&#x6d;	Real Estate Questions	Iowa
Do I have the right to my property at the best suited zoning use? Do I have the right to my property at the best suited zoning use?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What would it take if I was in the military to receive joint custody if the mother is refusing to cooperate? What would it take for me being in the military to receive joint custody for my kids, if the mother is refusing to cooperate?	Family Questions	Texas
Can a POA designate another family to oversee the day to day care of a person in a nursing home? Can a power of attorney designate another family member to oversee the day to day care and health matters of a person in a nursing home?	Family Questions	Florida
Possible to sue SSI and my former payee for negligence and fraud? I would like to sue SSI and my former payee for negligence and fraud? Is that possible and how would I go about doing it?	Family Questions	New York
If my in-laws filed a wrongful death suit against mercy Fitzgerald hospital, how do i find the outcome? If my in-laws filed a wrongful death suit against mercy Fitzgerald hospital in Darby PA how do I find the outcome?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can I remove 10 year old misdemeanor charge from record? I have a misdemeanor terrorist threat charge from 10 years ago in Texas. It is the only trouble I have ever been in. I am changing jobs.  Can this be taken off my record?	Criminal Questions,Legal Questions	Arkansas
Should my ex be able to still claim one of the boys on taxes if she quit paying the health insurance 6 years ago? My children reside with me and stay with their mother every other weekend. Stipulations of divorce was for her to keep Health insurance for kids and she wouldn't have to pay child support and she could claim one of the two boys on taxes. Well she quit her job with the health insurance 6 years ago so I've been paying for that as well. Should she be able to still claim one of the boys on taxes?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Will son need representation at hearing for selling alcohol to minor? My 23-year-old son was ticketed for selling alcohol to a minor in a sting operation. He lost his job and now  a court date for Dec. 29. The ticket was for a gross misdemeanor. His record is clean. Does he need representation at the hearing? Will he be able to have this removed from his record?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Can the junior hockey team take money out of my pay check or from my bank account if they were a non-profit? My son played for a Junior hockey team in Michigan. The organization is set up as a non profit and we signed a contract but could no longer pay. They put out a judgment against us for money due. We live in South Carolina, can the take money out of my pay check or from my bank account?	Personal Injury Questions	North Carolina
What laws govern time to settle estate? My mother  passed away almost 8 years ago.  My brother is handling her estate but nothing has really happened.  If there was a will is there a way to get a copy of it?  Is there any law that controls how long you have to settle an estate?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can the rental office come in for an inspection any time that they feel like it? Can the rental office come in for an inspection any time that they feel like it? Aren't theyto give me notice before entering my apartment?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Need landlord protection lawyer for tenants demanding deposit back. I am looking for a landlord protection lawyer. I have tenants who were returned 66% of their deposit and have now threatened legal action if i don't return it all. There were damages done and I used the security deposit to pay for the repairs.	Leasing Questions	District of Columbia
Does newly installed hydraulic lift need to be inspected and load tested? When a company installs a new hydraulic lift, does it need to be inspected and load tested?  and can they put the hydraulic line on top of concrete with a thin metal cover over it or do they need to recess the hydraulic line?	Corporate Questions,Criminal Questions,Employment Questions,Litigation Law Questions,None Questions	North Carolina
How does a spouse of 17 years get legal separation from an unfaithful husband? How does a spouse of 17 years get legal separation from an unfaithful husband?  I have two children 12 and 16. The breakdown in trust makes the long distance marriage almost impossible for me. My husband has worked away for 12 years, coming home every few weeks for the weekend. He contributes financially but does little otherwise. What choices do I have beside divorce or separation?	Family Questions	Alabama
Does it constitute tenancy by entirety if it states &quot;my husband&#39;s name&quot; and &quot;my name&quot;, husband and wife? On the deed to my house, it state: "my husband's name" and "my name", husband and wife. We live in New York. Does this constitute tenancy by entirety?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If I won my appeal for unemployment insurance should i just wait for my check? If I won my appeal for unemployment insurance should i just wait for my check or do i need to do something?	Employment Questions	New York
Does Idaho have a legal verbal agreement law? Does Idaho have a legal verbal agreement law?	Employment Questions	Idaho
Is an individual who asks for money for himself on church property breaking any California laws? Is an individual who asks for money for himself (panhandling)  on church property breaking any California laws?	Criminal Questions	California
Is it legal for my employer to require me to answer our work phone in the restroom? Is it legal for my employer to require me to answer our work phone in the restroom?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If a commercial lease is signed and the tenant moves in but with no deposit, has a valid legal lease created? If a commercial lease is signed and the tenant moves in but no deposit  or rental payments are made, has a valid legal lease created?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding two tenants with a DV dispute? I am a landlord with two tenants with a DV dispute. The tenant with the NCO against her is still living in the house, but the other tenant contacted me wanted to know what his options are. Can you please help?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
I have been renting a lot for my mobile home for 12 years. My landlord will not pay to install a pump in the well and just told me I have 30 days to move. What can I do?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
How many hours worked per week makes one eligible for full time benefits? By Illinois law how many hours worked per week makes one eligible for full time benefits, if hired as a part time employee?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What kind of charges will there be if I broke into a house and took money but accused of more? I broke into house and took $17. I got caught, gave back the money and was accused of taking more money times before. Can I be accused for the money without any proof. What kind of charges will she and will there be any jail time?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
What are the tenant&#39;s rights if asked to leave? If a landlord has no lease for tenant and the tenant has proof of rent paid, what are the tenant's rights if asked to leave?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I enforce the 30 day verbal notice if I gave my ex to remove her stuff and get her for trespassing? my wife left seven months ago. When she left I told her she had 30 days to get her belongings. Since that time she has been removed from the lease and other bills. She came back on the property several times and taken stuff that doesn't belong to her.  She also has custody of one of our vehicles, the plates ran out of registration, the car is titled in both names, she allegedly gave the car to a friend who had it insured. They can't do this without me signing the registration or title correct? and Can I enforce the 30 day verbal notice i gave her to remove her stuff and get her for trespassing?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Does an agreement between spouses have legal standing if it is not dated by one of them or notarized? Does an agreement between spouses have legal standing if it is not dated by one of them or notarized?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can I get out of the lease with written notice within 3 days? I signed a lease but changed my mind the same day.  Can I get out of the lease with written notice within 3 days? And will I get my money back? The state is Florida.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Too late to obtain an adjournment for petty larceny that was reduced to disorderly conduct? Is it too late to obtain an adjournment in contemplation for petty larceny that was reduced to disorderly conduct by plea bargain from year 1986	Criminal Questions	New York
If I get internet from a company and I enter a contact with them can I cancel it in the same week? If I get internet from a company and I enter a contact with them can I cancel it in the same week? And can they legally charge me a disconnection fee?	Consumer Questions	New Jersey
Legal to have cameras recording while you are driving? Is it illegal to have Cameras recording (the front and back of my car) while you are driving?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Is overtime to be distributed amoung all qualified workers equally? Is overtime to be distributed among all qualified workers equally?	Employment Questions	Colorado
If I work for a large auto dealership, are they able to hold your pay for missing paper work? I work for a large auto dealership. Are they able to hold your pay for missing paper work? If we have a customer sign a duplicate title form, they still hold pay until it comes in.	Employment Questions	New York
Is there any case decision from federal court declaring my pension and income were separate property? I retired from civil service job in 1981 and began drawing my pension.   I married nine years later, and under California law. My wife was not entitled to my pension in the event of my death.  20 years later my wife file for divorce in the state of Idaho in the local judge believes that my pension is community property.  Is there any case decision from federal court declaring my pension and income were separate property?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What to do if I&#39;m afraid my wife is going to try and take my daughter from me during the divorce? I am getting divorced from my wife. I am afraid she is going to try and take my daughter from me. Please advise?	Family Questions	Georgia
Question regarding my rented apartment one of my friend to which I subleased and is unhappy? Hi,I have subleased my rented apartment in Chicago to one of my friend. At the time of sublease he agreed to pay the initial deposit and rent for 15 days. However there is no written statement , but have a few mails now where he agreed for some of the stuffs. He is blaming the house was not in good condition when I asked for money after 6 months ...and making other false statements. Now he is asking that I should return my couch to him then only he will give the money back. Appreciate if you can guide what can be done in this regard.Thanks,Manoj	Family Questions	California
Ramifications if I fly my son so he can start school &amp; do the custody papers after he gets here? What would be the legal ramifications if I fly my son from Alaska to Nebraska so he can start school an do the custody papers after he gets here?	Family Questions	Nebraska
Can I move to New York without any issues if I have full support and no help from the ex? I live in Virginia. I am planning to move up to New York soon. My ex boyfriend and I have two children. I have been the full support of both of them since my first was born. He pays no child support and only asks to see them for 3-6 hours out of every week. Can I move to New York without any issues? I don't want to worry about parental kidnapping. We have no legal custody or anything established.	Family Questions	Virginia
Question regarding wife getting me to pay her legal fees for filing for divorce &amp; child support increase? Divorce: My wife is trying to get me to pay her legal fees for filing for divorce, as well as increasing my child support from 658.00 to 945.00 a month. Plus she is trying to keep sole legal and physical custody of our two children. This is not acceptable considering I live 1600 miles away from where she moved to. How do I answer the judgment of divorce properly without having a lawyer like she does?	Family Questions	Wyoming
Is the petition automatically dismissed especially if both the petitioner and respondent do not appear? If i filed for an order of protection and got a date to return to be seen with the other party involved and i do not show up, is the petition automatically dismissed (especially if both the petitioner and respondent do not appear)?	Family Questions	New York
When you miss your court hearing and they grant the father legal joint custody, what does that mean? When you miss your court hearing and they grant the father legal joint custody, what does that mean and what can I do to change the judge decision?	Family Questions	Georgia
What needs to be done for my girlfriend to obtain her daughter again from the grandfather? My girlfriend let her daughter stay with her dad (Grandfather) for 3 yrs. When she went to get her he had his other daughters try to fight her saying she can't take her back. She lives in California and the grandfather in Colorado. Police didn't even let her take her. California court said he has no right to keep her and she don't need court papers to get her back. What needs to be done?	Family Questions	California
What do I need to do if I want custody of my daughters from my girlfriend? I'm ready to split up with my girlfriend and want custody of our two daughters. What do I need to do this ?	Family Questions	Florida
Question regarding husband who refuses to come home to me and if he inherits assets? Hello, my husband of 18 years (a U.K. citizen) is living in England with his latest mistress in the house of his mother who passed away last year.  He and his sister inherited the house.  I live in Massachusetts and am on Unemployment, desperately looking for a job.  My husband refuses to come home or talk to me, although I have begged.  I am concerned that he will keep all of the assets that he inherits in England and away from me.  How can I prevent this?  Thank you for your help.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
How do I appeal property taxes? Tax Law:  How do I appeal property taxes?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Can I sue the fire department for not knowing how to operate the equipment in time to put the flames out? The fire department was called for my car was engulfed in flames. Can I sue them for not knowing how to operate the equipment in time to put it out?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What can I do if my wife refused to pay the settlement because she doesn&#39;t agree with how I am going to use it? In the divorce settlement, it states my wife is to pay me $20,000 but refuses to pay because she does not agree with how I am going to use it. What can I do?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Should i pay what I can to my child&#39;s Mother until I get an court order? Should i pay what I can to my child's Mother until I get an court order?	Family Questions	New York
Can my renters and lord kick me out, and take me to court over money I &quot;didn&#39;t&quot; pay? Can my renters and lord kick me out, and take me to court over money I "didn't" pay? Even though I've never ever missed rent since I moved in 11 years ago. Would I have to collect information like my tax returns to help prove I never ha a jump in income!I live in subsidized housing (wage based).	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
Do i have to let my husband see our youngest son if we divorced? Do i have to let my husband see our youngest son? He filed for divorce back in February,we then tried to work things out with counseling and failed.He has a record of domestic violence and I have a protective order against him for myself and our oldest child,but not for the younger one. I'm afraid he wont let him come home if he goes with him	Family Questions	Indiana
If the Petition has not been signed or notarized so technically is the Petition valid? I live in Ky.  I received a Petition for divorce and a Civil Summons.  If the Petition has not been signed or notarized so technically is the Petition valid?  Will it not being signed effect the 60 day waiting period to finalize the divorce?	Family Questions	Kentucky
When evicting a tenant for non-payment of rent, must the 30 days start at the beginning of a month? When evicting a residential tenant in NY for non payment of rent, must the 30 days start at the beginning of a month ending at the end of a month?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What to do if an ex borrowed $200 and won&#39;t pay me back? I went out with a guy for 2 years.  He borrowed 200 dollars from me.  We broke up in April and he still hasn't paid me back.  I send a letter every month, but nothing.  He goes to Foxwoods every week and spends at least a 100 dollars there.  What can I do?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Is my ex-husband entitled to half of a pre-marriage pension if I accrued it from a former job? I accrued a pension from a former job before marriage. I am now seeking a divorce. I have an option to take a lump sum payout. Does my husband have to sign a waiver? Is he entitled to half of this pre-marriage pension?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can you get roommates, when you&#39;re an emancipated minor? Can you get roommates, when you're an emancipated minor?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Iowa
Will the child&#39;s father be able to file taxes on her with her living in our house? I have my granddaughter in my home since birth and without her parent for 16 mos. and the state took both parents to court for child support. I got the support now but the father is wanting to get custody. My daughter and I were served since that we been to lawyers. We all sat down on Sat. night and all agreed on some things. His mother wants to have control now that I've got her enrolled in kindergarten and the other grandmother doesn't like that the school is not close to her. This is what brought all this on and the father only want to be able to file her on tax time. Will he able to file taxes on her with her living in our house? I need some help to with a letter of response for the lawyer. What should I do ?	Family Questions	Florida
Charged with family violence by non-family. What can you do if you're charged with family violence but complaint is not an intimate partner or family member?	Criminal Questions	Texas
Is my son&#39;s father required to continue paying child support if he&#39;s going to college? My son just graduated from high school and will attending college in  September (2012).  Is his father required to continue paying child support?	Family Questions	Texas
How do i change my child support case to a different county? How do i change my child support case to a different county?	Family Questions	New Jersey
Can the divorce settlement be reversed if my ex won my pension plan? I was divorced in 2009 and my ex was rewarded my pension plan that I worked 15 years for. I am the wife. Can the result be reversed?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
if a wife is leaving her husband should she pay money? if a wife is leaving her husband should she pay money?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
What is the legal action if a tenant has pets and the lease says no pets on the property? The lease says no pets on the property.  If tenant has pets, what is legal action? How soon of a respond?	Real Estate Questions	Maryland
What time period must elapse before an unmarried mother can claim full custody? What time period must elapse in CA before an unmarried mother can claim full custody of a child without the father"s consent?  Child in question is 8 and father has had no contact for 7 years and has not paid any support ever	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Consequence of paying your 1st mortgage but not your equity line? What is the consequence for not being able to pay your equity line of credit payment (2nd mortgage) but you can pay your 1st mortgage?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Does an employer in Oregon have to give you a reason for terminating you? Does an employer in Oregon have to give you a reason for terminating you?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Deceased tenant listed person other than beneficiary to receive security deposit. My tenant passed away earlier this year. Her daughter, who is the beneficiary of her estate, requested the security deposit be refunded to her. When the leasing agreement was signed, my former tenant listed another individual to receive the money in the event of her death. What should I do?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions,Legal Questions	Texas
How many hours in a day can an employer make an employee work? How many hours in a day can an employer make an employee work?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Legal if the office where I live at has a DR note because I&#39;m allergic to cigarette smoke? The office where I live at has a DR note because I'm allergic to cigarette smoke. Is it legal?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
How do i go about relinquishing my parental rights in GA? how do i go about relinquishing my parental rights in GA?	Family Questions	Georgia
If a property line is established by a surveyor then what are the laws for putting a fence up? If a property line is established by a surveyor then what are the laws for putting a fence up?  Is one owner able to put their fence directly on the line or do they have to put it a certain amount of inches from the line?	Family Questions	Louisiana
What can I do legally to get my daughter on my visitation? I have joint custody of my 5-year-old daughter and in my divorce decree it reads the dates I get my visitation with my daughter and her mother is not letting me have her on my visitation. What can I do legally to get my daughter on my visitation?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oklahoma
Can someone make a copy of your time card without your say so? Can someone make a copy of your time card without your say so?	Employment Questions	Georgia
How many consecutive days can a company make you work without time off? How many consecutive days can a company make you work without time off?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Is it legal to deduct wait staff pay to tip kitchen staff? I am a waitress in Minnesota. Every paycheck, they deduct money out of it to tip out the kitchen staff. If we don't do it, we are yelled at and they are making it mandatory. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
If the child mother is working and the father is not would i still be able to put hem on child support? If the child mother is working and the father is not would i still be able to put hem on child support?	Family Questions	New Jersey
I have no one I trust to fullfill my last will and testament. Would it be wise to appoint the lawery who draws up the will? I have no one I trust to fullfill mylast will and testament form. Would it be wise to appoint the lawery who draws up the will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Maryland
Can a 16 yr old, in AR, change her last name to that of her mother&#39;s maiden name, without the consent of her father? The parents are divorced. The 16 yr old resides with the mother and the father has more or less abandoned the 16 yr old. He pays child support but has no visits or contact with child.	Family Questions	Arkansas
What do I need to do to become emancipated in Colorado? What do I need to do to become emancipated in Colorado? Do I need a lawyer?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Law requiring a landlord to give a tenant timely notice regarding a rental increase? In New York State, specifically Suffolk County, is there a law requiring a landlord to give a tenant timely notice regarding a rental increase prior to a lease renewal?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is there a law that says that doctors have to take children off of their medicine after a year? Is there a law that says that doctors have to take children off of their medicine after a year?	Consumer Questions	New York
Is it  legal for a company to deny you employment  because you been  unemployed  for two years? Is it  legal for a company to deny you employment  because you been  unemployed  for two years?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Virginia law:  Does a prenuptial agreement apply to the dissolution of Virginia law:  Does a prenuptial agreement apply to the dissolution of the estate after death?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Can a dealer charge an acquisition fee?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
What are the consequences of not paying probation or court fines? I was placed on a 2-year deferred judgement. I completed everything else. I just couldn't afford to pay the fines for probation or the courts. I'm wondering way area the consequences for that violation?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
if my son has a party at my house and one of his friends had a DUI and an accident am I liable? if my son has a party at my house and one of his friends was to leave my house with a DUI and had an accident am I liable? What charges could be brought against me? What are the possible penalties?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
How do I get my ex-husband off of my son&#39;s birth certificate when he&#39;s not the legal father? How do I get my ex-husband off of my son's birth certificate when he's not the legal father?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Do I have to show up if my ex-wife lawyer&#39;s called me today saying we got an court day tomorrow? My ex-wife lawyer's called me today saying we got an court day tomorrow. Do I have to show up? I never got an notice in the mail and we have and court order that I get the kids Monday, Tuesday, and every other weekend. Now she want to sign the kids up for swimming Monday - Friday 4pm on my days that I have the kids. She would like and court order for that I don't agree.	Family Questions	California
What happens if we disagree over our Mother&#39;s care or how her money is handled or something like that? My brother and I both have Irrevocable Power of Attorney for our Mother who is 81 with short term memory problems. We are of the same mind most of the time but I feel a disagreement coming on. What happens if we disagree over our Mother's care or how her money is handled or something like that?	Family Questions	Alabama
Be worried that my son&#39;s father threatened me by saying that he will do everything to our son? I am a single mother and I have a 8-year-old son. My son father just threatened me by saying eventually he will do everything he can to get our son to come live with him. It is just because we don't see eye to eye on things. Should I be worried?	Family Questions	Missouri
what recourse do I have if attorney released my mother&#39;s will, power of attorney, etc to someone who was not named in the will or any of the documents? what recourse do I have if attorney released my mother's will, power of attorney, etc to someone who was not named in the will or any of the documents?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Do I have to pay for the damage of a personal item if my landlord put it in my living room over a year ago? My landlord put a personal item in my living room over a year ago. Since then 5 people have moved in and out. I moved out May 31. He recently called me and asked for $800 to cover the damaged personal item. I don't know how or when it got damaged. Do I have to pay for the damage?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there a way that I can get my federal tax income back from the state that took it for child support? Is there a way that I can get my federal tax income back from the state that took it for child support?	Family Questions	Michigan
What is the MA law for teenagers cooking with a pizza oven? What is the MA law for teenagers cooking with a pizza oven?	Commercial Questions,Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If my daughter will be starting college in the winter, can she reopen her child support case? If my daughter will be starting college in the winter, can she reopen her child support case?	Family Questions	Georgia
Would like to know if my private label supplement product is legal to sell? I would like to know if my private label supplement product is legal to sell, and what problems I could face.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
What do I need to know if I&#39;m having a house transferred in my name when I&#39;m disabled? What do I need to know if I;m having a house transferred in my name when I'm disabled? What about school & property taxes? How does that apply to me once title is transfer to me? Do I need a letter from my doctor about my disability before transfer of title? What do I need to know? thank you.	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Is it illegal to dumpster dive in Chillicothe, Ohio? Is it illegal to dumpster dive in Chillicothe, Ohio?	Criminal Questions	Ohio
Question regarding child support in the state of Michigan? My question is regarding child support in the state of Michigan.  My daughter recently divorced and is receiving NO child support. The Friend of the Court told her that due to circumstances concerning her ex-husband's health insurance, she was not entitled to any child support and should in fact be paying him $120.00 a month!!  He makes more money than she does and they have joint custody of their two girls.  They spend one week with their dad and then the next week with their mom.  I have never heard of a mother who makes considerable less money than the dad not being entitled to any child support.  Is there an explanation that you can give me for this?	Family Questions	Michigan
I purchased a car and signed a contract; now the seller wants to change a rewrite the contract and financing. Can they do that? I purchased a car and signed a contract; now the seller wants to change a rewrite the contract and financing. Can they do that?	Consumer Questions	California
I filed for divorce in Williamson County, TX and recently moved to Travis County, TX. Can I still go to a Williamson County court to finalize the divorce? I have lived in Travis County for less than 30 days.	Family Questions	Texas
What are my legal options if my neighbor erected a 7ft. privacy fence on wrong side of property line? My neighbor erected a 7ft. privacy fence on wrong side of property line and never gave any prior notice of building said fence. What are my legal options?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
If a father of an unborn child is no longer seeing the mother, and the mother gives the child to her parents for care, can the mother still get child support from the father? If a father of an unborn child is no longer seeing the mother, and the mother gives the child to her parents for care, can the mother still get child support from the father?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
If I petition the Chicago family court to move jurisdiction from Chicago to NY, what form do I use? Id like to petition the Chicago family court to move jurisdiction from Chicago to NY. What forms do I use? And can this be done. This is for a child custody.visitation dispute. Child has always lived in NY.	Family Questions	New York
Do I have right to give 30-day notice and not pay rent for last month while looking for new place? I am currently renting a room in a 3 bedroom home on a verbal month to month agreement. My name is not on the lease, but I have been residing here for the past 7 months. I was informed by the lease holder that the property was sold and to expect to have to relocate within the next 2-3 months. I am on a fixed income and would be impossible to pay rent as well as pay fees for obtaining new residence.  Do I have any rights to give 30-day notice and not pay rent for last month while looking for new place?  Can they lock me out?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can the parent with supervised visitation take custody of the child if the other parent is not around? If one parent has full temporary custody and the other has supervised visitation, can the parent with supervised visitation take custody of the child if the other parent is not around?	Family Questions	Alabama
Responsibility of removal and repair cost if neighbor&#39;s tree falls into my yard? Neighbor's tree falls across fence into my yard. Whose responsibility is the removal and repair cost?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Is my lawsuit worthy if the doctor said he would pay for my medical expenses but now backs out? injury question. I experienced the lose of use of my right arm after acupuncture (regained use with some difficulties). The doctor first offered to pay for medical expenses, then we verbally agreed on a monthly payment. Well the doctor said he can't pay anymore. lawsuit worthy?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Do I have to pay for health insurance for my spouse after divorce? Do I have to pay for health insurance for my spouse after divorce?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can a landlord rent apartments when his building is under foreclosure without letting his renters know? Can a landlord rent apartments when his building is under foreclosure without letting his renters know?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
When can I fully adopt my grandchild if I have legal and physical custody? I have legal and physical custody of my grandchild. When can I fully adopt her?	Family Questions	Florida
Does the home become a rental property when filing taxes? A lot of my friends are renting out rooms in their home to help pay the mortgage. Does the home become a rental property when filing taxes?	Real Estate Questions	California
Will I have to pay spousal support if my estranged husband chooses to retire early? My husband and I have not lived together since 3/2006. He has never given any financial support and we do not share any anything. Everything I own I have gotten and paid for. He has choose to retire early so I make a lot more than he does. Will I have to pay spousal support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Wondering is the park responsible for the dead branches or are the tenants? I live in a mobile home park and the park manager says we are responsible for dead branches on the trees on our lot. I was wondering is the park responsible or are the tenants?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What state should i file divorce if my husband lives and works in Nevada and i live and work in IL? what state should i file divorce if my husband lives and works in Nevada and i live and work in IL?	Family Questions	Illinois
What to do when management comes into my apartment unannounced and at times when I&#39;m asleep? Management and maintenance have been coming into my apartment, unannounced, many times. The last time they were in my apartment, I had been asleep, and woke up to voices in my living room.  They went through the cabinets in my kitchen, the fridge, and my pantry. They tried to come into my room, which they would have absolutely no reason to. The resident handbook gives a list of reasons for employees to enter my apartment, but says "otherwise allowed by law" and that they will give me a written notice prior to entering. They are also trying to charge me for new carpet claiming "pet odor" when my pet does not spend time in this room and is potty trained. We had just gotten our carpet replaced last year. What can I do about this?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can my husband get custody if he brings up the fact that I put laxative in his drink about six months ago? Can my husband get custody of my son if he brings up that fact that I put laxative in his drink about six months ago?	Family Questions	New York
Is it illegal to drive without shoes? In Illinois is it illegal to drive a vehicle without shoes?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
How many days can a person work without a day off? How many days can a person work without a day off?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What right does the estranged mother have in keeping the remains? My 21-year-old niece lived in San Bernardino County.  She passed away recently and the mother who only came to visit once is claiming the remains?  I'm paying for the cremation and memorial service.  What right does the mother have in keeping the remains?	Family Questions	California
Is it true that I must exhaust all of my savings in paying my wife&#39;s bills before she needs to start paying them herself with her funds? My wife is a near-invalid due to two recent strokes. She has an investment in mutual funds. I also have a similar investment but it is $100,000 less than my wife's funds.I have been paying for  100% of my wife's medical bills,while she has not paid any from her funds. I am approaching the point of having to cash some of my investments to continue to pay the medical bills.Is it true that I must exhaust all of my savings in paying my wife's bills before she needs to start paying them herself with her funds?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is there anything I can do to get my husband to leave me alone in this divorce proceeding? My soon to be ex husband keeps falsely accusing me of harassment causing me fines and legal fees. He has also falsely accused me of being a threat to him, his mom and sister, and my kids by filing a protection from abuse order against me. Needless to say it was denied because the accusations were preposterous. So he filed an appeal and took it in front of the judge. When we went to court, his attorney asked for a continuance because they were not prepared, but I was. My attorney objected their request so he and his attorney withdrew the claim without prejudice.  Is there anything I can do to get him to leave me alone?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my boss deduct my pay after a co-worker reported late and approved it earlier? My boss approved a trade between myself and a co-worked.  My co-worker reported late and now my boss wants to deduct my pay. Can she do that?	Employment Questions	Hawaii
How long before my daughter is locked out and does she need to go to the hearing for lease renewal failure? My daughter, 22, lives in an apartment complex and failed to give appropriate move out notice before her lease renewal on June 11. Her apt complex office gave her a late notice of rent til June 15th. Now proceedings are in effect for eviction process. How long before she is locked out and does she need to go to the court hearing?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What can I do if my husband is destroying my credit when he was court ordered to pay? My ex husband was ordered by the court to pay all credit card bills in our divorce in December 2011. He has not paid anything and now they garnished my bank account. What can I do as he is destroying my credit?	Family Questions	Colorado
Do I have to move out when the new owner says so or does he have to honor my lease? I am renting a house and the house was just sold due to the owner filing bankruptcy. The original owner says he still owns it but the new owner says he does. Do I have to move out when the new owner says so or does he have to honor my lease?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Can my son&#39;s girlfriend file for custody of their son? In the state of Connecticut can a parent file for custody of a minor child if the child is out of state?	Finance Questions	Connecticut
Should I contact an attorney if they are accusing me of making my company &quot;legally liable&quot;? I am a 10-experienced CNA who is being written up for "not writing subjective/objective care notes with too much detail" directly relating to An Injury of Unknown sources that effected a resident during my shift. Thus, "causing my employer to be legally liable." What is concerned too much or subjective/objective care note writing. Should I contact an attorney if they are accusing me of making my company "legally liable"?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
If I give a cash gift to my daughter, can I also give a cash gift to each of my grandchildren? If I give an exclusionary cash gift to my daughter, another her spouse, can I also give an exclusionary cash gift to each of my  minor grandchildren?	Family Questions	Florida
How do you get a lawyer to release estate money to settle estate? How do you get a lawyer to release estate money to settle estate? It could have been closed July. He will not move claims his bill not done had case since March 2010.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Legal for my employer to work me 20 hours per week and have a similar work close to 40 hours? I am a 32 hour per week employee in Pennsylvania working in health care. Is it legal for my employer to work me 20 hours per week and have a per diem employee work close to 40 hours per week in the same capacity as me?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I manage my company if it&#39;s required that I start every job from start to finish? I hold an Illinois unlimited roofing license and I used sun crews. They say I have to be on every job start to finish but I run 4 crews daily. How can I get around this? Storm chasers get around it when they come to town and I think they use a project manager which is just a regular employee.	Employment Questions	Illinois
What can I do if a company isn&#39;t delivering the blueberries after giving him a check? I was picking blueberries in San Joaquin Valley. The blueberry season is over. I still have a check for five days from last week. Today is payday, but the crew leader would not answer the phone to tell me were to meet him to pick up my check. What can I do? I do not know where he lives.	Employment Questions	California
Several tax questions to ask? I have several tax questions to ask?	Family Questions	New York
How do I obtain authorization if the guardian&#39;s son told the care providers not to disclose info? The care providers I need to interview won't talk to me because the guardian of my son told them not to disclose any info with me. I'm pro per I have that right. How do I obtain that authorization.	Family Questions	California
How do we handle our financial situation when we are seniors and disabled? I am 73 and my wife will be 65 in November. She has Alzheimer and is legally blind. We have been married 32 years. We live in California. My stepson has offered to take my wife in his home in No. Carolina. I do not have power of Attorney. My wife would take her SS. with her and I would send support monthly and pickup the supplemental Health Insurance. How can this situation be handled simply?	Family Questions	California
Is it job harassment if they have high expectations on a quota of 100% with a threat of no raise? Our company recently hired Accretive to come in and help with collections on accts.  We have a quota of 65 accts a day to meet in which we have to meet even if we are not at work.  Meaning we have to make up those accts sometime within the month.  (But we can't work any kind of extra time)  We have been threatened that if we don't make above 100%, no raise will be given.  We are working our butts off and making our quota, on a daily basis, however if you have to leave early or off for any reason, they still expect you to made up for it within that month, but don't allow overtime nor you cannot work for free.  Bottom line, they are trying to create a situation for us to fail. Is this job harassment?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Are there laws to protect an individual from verbal harassment from a neighbor? Are there laws to protect an individual from verbal harassment from a neighbor?  What legal channels to we have through the local police or court system to stop the harassment?	Family Questions	Georgia
If I&#39;m undergoing a divorce and the house belongs to one of husband&#39;s relative, should I move out? My husband and I are undergoing a divorce. We currently live in the House that belongs to one of my husband's relatives. My husband asked me to immediately move out. Should I do it?	Family Questions	30
How old does a child have to be to make there own decision on which parent they live with? How old does a child have to be to make there own decision on which parent they would like to live with?	Family Questions	Oregon
if I get a summons from NV and I live in CA and I have no way to get to Las Vegas what will happen? if I get a summons from NV and I live in CA and I have no way to get to Las Vegas what will happen?	Family Questions	California
Can they legally fire me when mowing and overworked me? If working 70 to 80 hours a week for a period of 2 months with a day off every 14 days, can they legally fire me when mowing? I had problems at home. Can I fight it or what can I do?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Do I have a potential sexual harassment case if I am being harassed by an older male and never reported his behavior? I was being sexually harassed at work by a 44 year old male. I am only 20 years old. Not only was I being sexually harassed but also because of my veteran status. I quit my job on Tuesday and never reported his behavior. Do I still have a case?	Employment Questions	Ohio
What can we do if we don&#39;t qualify for a loan modification?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
How can I get a good lawyer to help me when I&#39;m on disability and live off fixed income? I'm fighting a custody battle with two of the kids' fathers. One has the judge forcing me to defend myself. How can I get him off my case and how can I get a good lawyer to help me when I'm on disability and live off fixed income?	Family Questions	Michigan
I have a court date coming up for a worthless check. What are my options?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
How can I fight for my son again if I lost the custody of  him a year ago? How can I fight for my son again if I lost the custody of  him a year ago?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Should I try to talk to the attorney or go to court and get an order to show cause? I had a payment arrangement in court for paying rent for 2 months. I paid the first and tried to pay the second and didn't accept it because it wasn't a certified check. Now they want a another month for full payment. Prior payments weren't certified.   Should I try to talk to the attorney or go to court and get an order to show cause?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Are any laws broken if someone says there&#39;s a military recruiter when there not? Are any laws broken if someone says there a military recruiter when there not?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Question about employment&#39;s lay off and vacation pay? I have just been laid off. My job owes me vacation pay because I worked with them for 1 year and 4 months. I'm entitled for a two weeks vacation. This year the company made a change that every month starting in January you get 1 vacation day a month. My last day of Work was March 30, 2012 and I started 11/2012. Which means I accumulated three vacation day right? This is where I'm confused because the new rule was never in writing or   signed off for? How many days am I entitled to?	Employment Questions	New York
Can my wife take complete control of our house or can I go there when I want if there is no legal separation? My wife and I separated and she stays at our home. Can she take complete control of our house or can I go there when I want if there is no legal separation?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
If I were to bring the money I inherited from Germany to the U.S., would I have to pay estate taxes? I inherited some money from my mother who died in Germany. If I were to bring the money here would I have to pay estate taxes?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Landlord failed to fix holes and mold in duplex after promising to do so. My landlord has said from day one that he will fix the holes and mold in the duplex but never did. We have been living here since July and the mold in the shower wall is so bad that the wall is warped and curled up. What should I do?	Leasing Questions	Missouri
Do I have the right to ask my employee to provide a written document of policy and procedures? Do I have the right to ask my employee to provide a written document of policy and procedures including any corrective action takes place if policy and procedures are not being met by the employee	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How much is a section 5505 code  416  for an &quot;under the influence&quot; citation? How much is a section 5505 code  416  for a under the influence citation in PA? I Appeared in a public place under the influence of alcohol.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Where does one get workers comp insurance? Where does one get workers comp insurance? I will be owner/contractor for deck building and builder will be non-licensed worker.	Real Estate Questions	California
If I was evicted 20 years ago for not paying the rent, what are my chances of renting again? I was evicted from my apartment about 20 years ago for not paying the rent, what are my chances of ever rentinganother apartment again?  Please help.	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
How do I go about finding my Husband&#39;s Father&#39;s Death Certificate? Need to find my Husband's Father's Death Certificate? How to go about it?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What is the Florida law on switched babies at birth? What is the Florida law on switched babies at birth?	Family Questions	Florida
If we are evacuated from work due to a natural disaster do we get paid for the time we cannot work? If we are evacuated from work due to a natural disaster do we get paid for the time we cannot work?	Employment Questions	Colorado
What does it mean of federal inspection? What does it mean of federal inspection?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What should I form to purchase a commercial building LLC or S corp? What should I form to purchase a commercial building LLC or S corp?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Am I obligated to give the new property company time when I never agreed to any of their terms? I currently rent in Colorado.  I have been month to month since 2006.  A new property management company wants me to sign a lease and I have chosen to decline.  They state that their policy requires me to give them 60 days notice.  Am I obligated to give that much when I never agreed to any of their terms?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Is a will drawn in the state of New York legal and binding when I move to Pennsylvania? Is a will drawn in the state of New York legal and binding when I move to Pennsylvania?  Also a Trust?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have to pay rent and can I live out my deposit? Hello I am a single mom with 3 kids. I just rented an apartment  for about 3 months. I do not have a lease now my landlord just informed he sold property and wants out in 30 days but wants rent.  So I have any rights?  Do I have to pay rent?   Can I live out my deposit?  help I don't know what to do.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Is it the responsibility of the landlord to find you somewhere to go if there was no water for days? I live in Massachusetts and I rent an apartment. Recently there was a theft of the copper plumbing in my building. I went without water for 4 days. Is it the responsibility of the landlord to find you somewhere to go? Is it legal to ask for a slight reduction of rent for the inconvenience? How much is legal? 50?100?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If property is owned but there is no lien, is the mortgage lender entitled to monies when it is sold? If property is owned but there is no lien against it, is the mortgage lender entitled to monies when the property is sold?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I file bankruptcy if I&#39;m currently unemployed? Can I file bankruptcy (chapter 7) if I'm currently unemployed?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What do we do now to get resolution and get my girlfriend&#39;s ex&#39;s name removed from the deeds? My girlfriend recently got a divorce and part of the resolution was three quit claim deeds on property that was in both names the paralegal filed quit deeds and we were told they didn't know what else to do. What do we do now to get resolution and get his name removed from the deeds	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Should single brother with no children have simple will? My single brother has no children & lives in CA. He claims he does not need a simple will since the laws cover his situation adequately (I am his only heir). I think things would go more smoothly if he did have one since I live in Ohio and I am his executor. Should he have a simple will or not?	California Questions,Legal Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
Is it possible to lock someone in to a &quot;rent to own&quot; for a mortgage? Is it possible to lock someone in to a "rent to own" for a mortgage? I am trying to sell my house and I have an interested prospect. They want to rent to own and are willing to put $10k down. I just want to make sure that if a contract is written up that my family will be protected and that we will be able to make it legal and lock them in.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my employer keep denying my vacation due to lack of staff? My employer keeps denying my vacation due to lack of people to cover it.  Can they legally keep doing this? We are not a union.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is there anyway I can file to at least have phone contact with my son if my ex falsely accused me? My child's mother falsely accused me of molestation. Even though there was no proof received by the court and no charged followed I have been in able to see my son for over a year. Is there any way I can file to at least have phone contact with my son?	Family Questions	California
Is there a statute of limitations on divorcing for the grounds of adultery? Is there a statute of limitations on divorcing for the grounds of adultery?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can employer single you out to take drug test if not mentioned at hiring? Can you be compelled to take a drug test when no one else at your job has to and there was no mention of said testing at hiring in state of MA?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Were we in our rights to remove a former tenant&#39;s stuff in order to re-rent the space? My husband and I gave a 5 day eviction notice to a renter over 2 weeks ago. She has not vacated the premises and the apartment was totally trashed. To top it off, she allowed teenage kids to hang out in there after the notice. The police were called twice and we were told to secure the property so my husband changed the locks and boarded up the windows. We removed her belongings yesterday as we need to clean in order to re-rent. Were we in our rights to remove her stuff? She was given every opportunity to come get it but she keeps feeding us 1 lie after another	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
Could I liable if someone accuses someone else of an alleged crime on my website? If I have a web-blog or website, where anybody can post a comment, and someone accuses someone else (by name) of a crime that may or may not have happened, could I be liable or responsible? Does it help to have them agree with my "terms of use" in advance? Thank you.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
If the judge denies the defendant the motion for judgement, do I have a case? If the judge denies the defendant the motion for judgement, do I have a case? It's a wrongful death suit.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
How would I be able to get legal guardianship of a 12-year-old girl who is not related to me? Hello, I'm wondering how I would be able to get legal guardianship of a 12 year old girl who is not related to me?	Family Questions	Michigan
If I was neglected and poorly taken care of while in the care of foster parents, do I have a case? If I was neglected and poorly taken care of while in the care of foster parents, do I have a case? Broken wrist and waited 6 hours before taken to hospital, stepped on broken bottle with 2" laceration under big toe never taken to hospital. Inhalation of chlorine dust from bottle....joke by foster parent. Couldn't barely breath for hours and never taken to hospital. Forced to live in raggety shed in back yard.....i would love a consultation.&#x4e;&#105;&#x6e;&#x6a;&#x61;&#x6c;&#111;&#x32;&#x33;&#51;&#x40;&#103;&#x6d;&#97;&#x69;&#x6c;&#x2e;&#x63;&#111;&#x6d;9164590384. Bert S	Personal Injury Questions	California
Does the father of my child have legal rights to the child if no paternity test has been established? Does the father of my child have legal rights to the child if no paternity test has been established and we are not married?	Family Questions	Florida
Legal for a corp to demand that non-salaried employees work an extra full day of hours? In the state of California, is it legal for a corporation to "all of a sudden " demand that non salaried production employees work an extra full day of hours over the 40 they agreed to when signing the original employment pw? And, if they do not agree to work the extra day, is it legal for the company to take the days hours off of the employees accrued (earned by hours worked) sick(PTO) days?	Employment Questions	California
Can child&#39;s mother take me to court if I don&#39;t let her see child? I have full custody of my child and her mother has liberal visitations determined by me. Is she able to take me to court for contempt if i don't allow her to see the child for a few weeks?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
If our case is dismissed, can the Landlord file another case against us for something else? PA Landlord-Tenant Law question:Landlord has sent an eviction notice of lease terminatin one day after we repaired our heat. We were three months w/o heat. His complaint sights breach of lease, non-payment of rent which is untrue. LL held onto rent check which was paid timely like every month so he could file. I feel the case will be dismissed since the LL has no basis, we had no heat and there is no breech on our part. If the case is dismissed, can the LL file another case against us for something else? Also, I have ten or more violations current with L&I; for LL disrepair.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I get full custody and a divorce? My husband is kicking me out and is taking our baby from me. I don't have money and he does. He Doesn't give me any and has a criminal record but I do not. I need to leave with the baby and ensure my safety as well the safety of my daughter. How can I do this? Will I be able to get full custody and a divorce?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can I have the landlord reimburse me for food and shelter for myself and my 3 children? if a landlord knows about a sewage problem and has been told numerous times to fix it and he does not and the pipe bursts which causes the water and sewer to be turned off to the building and the city fire chief comes and condemns the building until the pipe is fixed and basement cleaned up and we are forced to leave the premises with a hour notice because the property was deemed not fit for human occupancy. Can I have the landlord reimburse me for food and shelter for myself and my 3 children?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is a contract binding between two individuals without a notary? Is a written and/or oral contract binding if between two individuals without the benefit of an attorney or notary?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Can employer make you resign and rehire for leave of absence? If you have to take a leave of absence from work to have surgery, can your employer make you resign from your work place? And rehire you when you can come back to work in six weeks at a lower rate?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Laws governing the raising of roosters for sale on residential property? what are the laws in Hernando, Citrus County, governing the raising of roosters and chickens for sale on residential property?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a landlord take my property before my eviction is final? Can a landlord take my property before my eviction is final?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
If i have sole custody with a job out of town &amp; the father is not paying, can he press charges on me? If i have sole custody of my child and I have a job out of town and the father is not paying child support can he press charges on me?	Family Questions	North Dakota
What should I do when eviction has been filed on me &amp; haven&#39;t been served? What should I do when eviction has been filed on me haven't been served? trying to sue for attorney fees and rent and late payment. Can they?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Oklahoma
What can I do if I am getting suspended from work on a second warning when I never got a first? I am getting suspended from work on a second warning. They never gave me a first warning to begin with until that same day for a no call no show that happened about a month and a week. Before I thought they just let me slide. What can I do?	Employment Questions	California
How to present case for unemployment if voluntarily quit due to pregnancy? I quit my job with a temp service in January of this year because I was pregnant and physically unable to do the work. I didn't have a doctor's notice and it was a personal decision. I recently tried to file for unemployment but was denied because I voluntarily quit. I've filed for an appeal with a phone interview scheduled on the 18th of this month to state my case. I would like to know the best way to present my case to have a better chance of approval.	Employment Questions	Tennessee
In the state of Missouri, does child support have to be continued for a child who attended college? She completed an Associate Degree program in May 2011 but has now decided to continue college for another program. She will turn 21 in January.	Family Questions	Missouri
Could I get just a basic outline to what happens in the court room for a child custody hearing? I am about to go through a child custody trial hearing representing myself, and I'm unsure about how it works. I don't know the court procedure from start to finish in a trial and I was wondering if I could get just a basic outline as to what to do once I'm actually in the court room. Thank you	Family Questions	Florida
Can my ex be on 2 leases in the same complex? Can my ex be on 2 leases in the same complex? It's 2 different landlords.	Real Estate Questions	New York
What does the law dictate on pit-bulls residing in an apartment complex open community? What does the law dictate on pit-bulls residing in an apartment complex open community?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What can I do to be able to see my grandbabies? My Son-in-Law is a police officer he uses his position to keep me from seeing my grandbabies. This has been going on for 4 years. What can I do to get my daughter only says I will have to ask there daddy. What can I do to be able to see my grandbabies?	Family Questions	Alabama
Options if landlord failed to maintain appliances in the unit for several months but insist that I pay on time? If the landlord failed to maintain the appliances (AC) in the unit for several months but insist that I pay on time, what are my options?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Can I advertise price comparisons with the big stores? I own a flooring, kitchen and bath materials company.  Many of the products we sell are identical to Home Depot and Lowe's.  I have a tile that costs $1.00 that I sell for $1.20. Lowe's and HomeDepot sell the tile online for over $2.50.  My shop is new and located in the Lowe's parking lot, across the street from Home Depot.  I have a permit for a "sign walker" with the city, where a person can stand out in front of my business with a sign no larger than 12 sf.Can I advertise on that sign that my identical product is cheaper? Can I show the exact price comparisons?  Can I use Lowe's and Home Depot's names, or should I say "big box stores?"I'm afraid of legal action from the big stores if they are provoked.	Commercial Questions	Arizona
If I deposited my check into my bank and they lost the check but they released the funds, am I responsible? If I deposited my check into my bank and they lost the check but they released the funds, am I responsible?	Finance Questions	Illinois
Am I liable if I rent my home to a woman who wants to run a family daycare? I am considering renting my home out to a lovely woman that wants to run a family daycare out of it.  God forbid, something happens to a child, as I carry a state of the art Landlord Insurance Policy. Am I liable?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can husband&#39;s mistress come after both of us for child support if paternity not established? I live in Florida my husband had an affair and she now has a baby which she says is his but paternity has not been established. Can she come after me if we are still together for child support also?"	Family Questions	Florida
What to do when a warning of smoke is immediate eviction? 90% of the people in our building was served with their one point warning of eviction for the smell of smoke in their apartment myself included.  This is a warning  and if they smell smoke again it is a immediate eviction.  We we're sent along with the warning a copy of the contracts that we signed.  BUT in those contracts it states that we would be given an adequate smoking area.  Mind you they are dealing with the elderly and disabled.  We were given a bench against a wall with a canopy that doesn't even cover it.  There is no protection from the hot sun, the rain, the snow and no ADEQUATE lighting at night.  To me they broke the contract before any of us tenants did.  Looking for advice before I carry this any further.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What can I do if my son&#39;s dad filed for custody and his mom got him a lawyer? I'm in Michigan. My son's dad filed for custody and his mom got him a lawyer. I can not afford one. What can I do?	Family Questions	Michigan
Is it legal to take away a Disabled parking spot and move it 5 doors down from my home? Is it legal to take away a Disabled parking spot (which was there for three years) and move it 5 doors Down from my home? My spouse & I are both disabled?  We live in a gated community.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Is it legal to drive without side mirrors? Is it legal to drive without side mirrors?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What advice can you give to remedy my issue of overdraft fees? I had a loan company recently make 4 transactions against my checking account without my notification or approval.  These transactions have now left me with $96 in overdraft fees.  What advice can you give me as talking to the company offered me nothing but a cancellation of the account in which I never knew I had in the first place since I never completed the application process? Thank you for your time.	Privacy Questions	Michigan
Do I have any rights to anything like pay for labor if the owners backed out suddenly? I thought I was working for myself on starting a store and the owners of the building were going to work with me on half of the sales for overhead. For 25 days I worked 6 to 12 hours a day on cleaning and stocking the place. They would going to pay me some labor money until the store open. Then we would work on half, but now two days before opening he change his mind and sold the to someone else and I got no money and no store because the paper work was not done yet by him. So do I have any rights to anything like pay for labor?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Can a landlord hold a tenant deposit for an unpaid bill when it&#39;s in your name and you just moved out of the house?	Leasing Questions	Ohio
If my son&#39;s father filed for custody and he&#39;s from a different state, then where would the hearing be? My sons father and I are in different states and our son is with me. If my son's father filed for custody then where would the hearing be	Family Questions	Alabama
My husband is a local coach for several of our community sports teams and it has recently been brought to our attention that some individuals are going around slandering his name saying that he is a pedophile and has been in jail for messing with children.  The rumor is false and we need help!!!	Personal Injury Questions	West Virginia
Can police come to my house and seize my money &amp; car because I used it to shoplift? Can police come to my house and seize my money & car because I used it to shoplift from home depot?	Criminal Questions	Ohio
How much would being without a copy of insurance in Michigan cost? How much would being without a copy of insurance in Michigan cost? I'm able to prove I have good insurance.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
If a renter evicts you before a lease is up do you have to pay a broken lease fee? If a renter evicts you before a lease is up do you have to pay a broken lease fee?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Why wasn&#39;t my signature utilizing &quot;without prejudice&quot; next to the date using C.E. accepted? Why wasn't my signature utilizing "without prejudice" and next to the date using C.E. accepted by van ru credit corp.?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
How can I get my share from the will? My mother is 85 and has written a will but will not disclose anything. My brother is a lawyer and she has given him exclusive power over her will. He has said he can do anything he wants and we don't communicate. He is setting himself up for the family assets. I haven't  spoken to my mother for years. When I call she hangs up on me. I am part of the family and she inherited the assets she has from my ancestors. I will not be notified of her death because I found out about my fathers death from his family. She never worked a day in her life and I believe I have a right to 1/4 of the estate. I have siblings and is there anything I can do to make sure that I get my share?	Family Questions	Arizona
What do I do if they gave my Son the wrong Meds at Eire County Holding Center? What do I do if they gave my Son the wrong Meds at Eire County Holding Center?	Criminal Questions	New York
If I want to buy a vacant lot adjoined to my property in Indianapolis, is there a law that gives me first rights? If I want to buy a vacant lot adjoined to my property in Indianapolis, is there a law that gives me first rights?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Question regarding obtaining my official college transcripts from a JC I attended for 2 years ago? I need to obtain my official college transcripts from a JC I attended for one semester 2 years ago. At that time they had mistakenly registered me as an out-of-state student, when I never was. My tuition fee's were 1,200$ higher than they should have been and I've yet to pay off this balance because they haven't cleared me yet. Now that it's 2 years past, the school is telling me I cannot go back and fix it because 2 consecutive semesters have passed so now I owe them a total balance of 1,550$ for 6 units of courses. I need these final transcripts in order to get reviewed for acceptance at the university I've applied to. Is there any legal action that can be taken to either fix the mistake and remove these out-of-state costs?	Consumer Questions	California
I am 20 years old and was caught giving alcohol to a minor. I was not arrested and no tickets were given. I was told I would receive a letter in the mail for a court date for felony charges. Two hours later, I was given a minor in possession for a separate issue. What&#39;s going to happen?	Criminal Questions	New Mexico
When you make an offer on a house and it&#39;s accepted do you have 17 days to back out and get all of your deposit? When you make an offer on a house and it's accepted do you have 17 days to back out and get all of your deposit?	Consumer Questions	California
At what point is a &quot;Good faith deposit&quot; cashed? I'm putting a bid on a home and was asked to give a "good faith deposit". At what point is a "Good faith deposit" cashed? Is this money going towards escrow?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Am I free from my lease to move? If my business rental contract reads: tenant shall pay $16,500 for three year term" and if I have paid that  before 3 yrs. has expired, am I free from my lease to move?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can spouse make me sell or take my only vehicle even if its only in my name? Can spouse make me sell or take my only vehicle even if its only in my name?	Family Questions	Missouri
Is the government/state able to freeze your account while you&#39;re in prison? Is the government/state able to freeze your account while you're in prison? What about the IRS?	Criminal Questions	Connecticut
Is it right if my neighbor cut off the other one with his dock and now can&#39;t get into property? My neighbor cut off the other one with his dock.  The neighbor that's cut off can't get out into the lake from his property.  This can't be right?  Is there anything that can be done to make him see the light?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Will the lease be protected? We want to lease our small business family sub s Florida to an employee, but due to health reasons, it looks like we will have to file chapter 7.  We have cosigned for all of the business debts personally.Will the lease be protected?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can a minor have a parent present at a meeting with her supervisor over her recent termination? Can a 15 y.o. minor have a parent present at a meeting w/ her supervisor over an issue for which she was recently terminated	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How long does a contractor who provided services have to get the bill to the consumer/customer? State of Wisconsin Contract law.  How long does a contractor who provided services have to get the bill to the consumer/customer?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Wisconsin
If I have a notarized agreement for my son&#39;s father about custody, am I legally bound to this agreement? If I have a notarized agreement from the banks between my son's father and I about custody and boundaries a mutual agreement am I legally bound to this agreement? Can I get in trouble for keeping my son since this bank notarized agreement is in place?	Family Questions	Colorado
How do I go about voluntarily releasing the property back to the lender? I'm located in PA, and will no longer be able to pay my mortgage. How do I go about voluntarily releasing the property back to the lender?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if my brother&#39;s ex-girlfriend is threatening to sue my brother for the $427 of the plan trip? My brother and his girlfriend had plans to go to the Dominican Republic and she bought the tickets upfront ($427 each). Originally he was planning on paying her back but she recently broke up with him and they are no longer planning on going on this trip. My brother's ex-girlfriend is threatening to sue my brother for the $427. Will my brother have to pay that?	Family Questions	Illinois
What are the fines and penalties for not having a study done for ARC Flash requirements? What are the fines and penalties for not having a study done for ARC Flash requirements? Who enforces the fines and penalties? This involves the Governor's executive order # 511 signed into law April 27, 2009. What penalties or consideration to negligence is involved should an injury or death happen when it has been strongly suggested that such a study be done?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can I get in trouble for my work releasing me early then reprimanding me to stay longer? Ok I got off work at four but my release came in early so she let me off at 345. I still had to wait for my ride. I got there to get me which I did but this other girl release did not come in nor call off so they told me that I had to stay in. I told them no because my release is here already. So why should I have to stay when I got in trouble for not staying?	Employment Questions	Indiana
If a child has refused visitation since age 15, is the father responsible for college tuition for that child? If a child has refused visitation since age 15, is the father responsible for college tuition for that child? The child is now 24 years old . The court order states he is responsible for 65 % of the tuition although the child continues to refuse visitation with his father for the past 9 years.	Family Questions	Indiana
How does re-offender act affect sentence? How does the reoffender act affect a person that has completed his 2 year DOC and 3 year sentence?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What is the definition of fraud? What is the definition of fraud?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Idaho
How would you go after a county sheriff dept for running your personal information through the police? How would you go after a county sheriff department for running your personal information through the police database for personal use when you were never even in the county where they ran your information	Criminal Questions	Illinois
If a father is paying child support, can he take a child away from the mother if the child is at danger? If a father is paying child support, can he take a child away from the mother if the child is at danger at a different state?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Is there a minimum number of hours a person must have off between shifts? Is there a minimum number of hours a person must have off between shifts in Illinois?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can hire to replace worker on sick leave? Can I hire someone to replace a worker during his sick leave?	Employment Questions	New York
Is my son still responsible for his daughter&#39;s education after she turned 18? My granddaughter is now 18 but her dad let her leave when she was 17. She would have turned 18 less then a month later. He filled out the papers for college and since then has told her he's not paying anything towards her education. She is now living with me and will be starting college in the fall. They won't release any info to me on what grants have been given her. I want to know if he's still responsible for her and her education. If not, what course of action can I take on her behalf? Thank you and looking forward to hearing back from you. He's also been in the military and want to know if she would qualify for a GI loan for education?	Family Questions	California
By using the incorrect company name does that invalidate the whole agreement? I signed a separation agreement with my former employer saying I would not sue them even if I discovered things after the fact. The company is legally named - Metal Products Inc. In the agreement they refer to themselves as - Metal Company or the Company. I have since discovered among other things that my manager had installed a "back door" on my personally owned computer I also used for work and had rerouted several emails and there are "hidden" files that I can not open. My anti virus company and my computer advisory both tell me to find out more will require a forensic analysis that may cost in excess of several hundred dollars. By using the incorrect company name does that invalidate the whole agreement as there is no .... Metal Company?	Employment Questions	Michigan
How to start the process for a no-fault divorce? I want to file for a no-fault divorce. My wife has 4 kids that is not mine. We have been separated for 6 years but she had the kids while we were married. I need to know what steps I need to take to start process?	Family Questions	Mississippi
What are customary fees for a 3-step grandparent&#39;s rights lawsuit in PA? What are customary fees for a 3-step grandparent's rights lawsuit in PA? We are ready for the 3rd step, which is now going in front of a judge.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If property is stolen from my yard, but the house is not in my name, who do I sue for my recovery? If property is stolen from my yard, but the house is not in my name in no way, who do I talk to or sue for my recovery?	Family Questions	South Carolina
What measures can be taken against family members that are harassing and threatening you through text messages? What measures can be taken against family members that are harassing and threatening you through text messages? They are in another state (Alabama).	Personal Injury Questions	Kentucky
Friend wants to sue after not giving written estimate. I asked a friend to lay flooring and paint 2 rooms. He never gave me a written estimate until 5 days after the job was complete even after repeated urging on my part. Now he wants to sue me. What should I do?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Texas
How long can my kid&#39;s father stay incarcerated for a second non-payment of child support? My kid's father has a warrant for non-payment of child support. This is his second arrest on this matter. My questions is, How long can he stay incarcerated for a second non payment? I understand that he can bond out, but if does not whats the limit? Second question, How many times will he have to get a warrant before they go after him every month child support is not paid?	Family Questions	Florida
Can we release records w/o parents&#39; written approval if student was a minor? We are a school. Received a  subpoena from plaintiff being sued by parent of a diseased student. Can we release records w/o parents' written approval if student was a minor when passed away.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
If I divorce, can I remain insured on my wife&#39;s plan? I have cancer and am insured on my wife's work group plan. If we divorce can I remain insured on her plan?	Family Questions	Illinois
What can I do if I have requested a copy of my contract and they told me they can only give it to my manager? When I was recruited for my current position I received two email stating I would work 2 weeks and be off for 2 weeks. Anytime I worked above that amount of days I would be paid anywhere from $250-$350 per day.I have been told by my employer that I will be working 21-28 days and he is not required to give me time off. What can I do? I have requested a copy of my employment/contract from HR and they have told me they can only hand them to my manager?	Employment Questions	Oklahoma
How do I contact whomever is over at UFCW local 876 Retail union? How do I contact whomever is over at UFCW local 876 Retail union? I have an ongoing issue filed on 11/14/2011 and yet it has to be addressed.	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can a doctor give false information on a report? Can a doctor give false information on you and accuse you of having drug behavior in a report when you didn't even take the medications he says in the report?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
Is a lawyer needed to close a deal for new home purchase in the state of Indiana? Is a lawyer needed to close a deal for new home purchase in the state of Indiana?	Family Questions	Indiana
Legal to demote me while I was fired and make less money? I worked for this company, and I got fired on the 21st of this month. They demoted me while I was fired, and I went from making 9.50 to 7.25 hr. Can they do this?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there any way I can be Automatically Emancipated at 15? I'm 15, almost 16, and I'm very unhappy with where I live. I would like to be Emancipated without my moms consent. I'm tired of being owned by my mom. Is there anyway I can be Automatically Emancipated at this age?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can a landlord LEGALLY hold a disabled tenant responsible for a month&#39;s rent? Can a landlord LEGALLY hold a disabled tenant responsible for a month's rent that was supposed to be paid by the disabled individual's representative payee (the person who manages the disabled individual's funds)?  The disabled individual is now being threatened with eviction by the landlord for that unpaid rent.  Will the judge hold ME responsible for that unpaid rent, or will the judge NOT hold me responsible, and instead, advise my landlord to go after my representative payee?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Do I have a civil case if my ex says someone else is the father? My ex-wife after sixteen years says another guy is the father now.  Do I have a civil case?	Family Questions	New York
Does an employer have the right to collect medical costs from an employee? Does an employer have the right to collect medical costs from an employee after they eliminate the employee's position?	Family Questions	Colorado
How to stop money owed to unemployment due to misguided information? I received a letter from the unemployment agency stating I owe them for not reporting income while drawing unemployment benefits. I told them that all this is new to me. I reported all my earnings and was misguided by the customer service representative several times. It was mentioned to me that it's money  I've earned and that I can receive it all or stop when I feel. I'm now a student raising three kids and not working. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Michigan
How long does a married couple have to be separated for it to be considered a legal separation? How long does a married couple have to be separated for it to be considered a legal separation when both parties have their own place and one parent has one child and the other parent has the other child?	Family Questions	Missouri
In PA, must you pay rent under an eviction notice? In PA, must you pay rent under a Eviction notice?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How long after a debt is due on a verbal contract may you sue for amount due? How long after a debt is due on a verbal contract may you sue for amount due?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
If I buy a car and comes back with a higher interest rate and payment, can I get out of the contract? If I buy a car and the projected interest rate and payment and come back with a higher interest rate and payment Can I get out of the contract? I live in Florida. Thank you for any help you can give me on this.	Consumer Questions	Florida
Do I have a right to have our child stay with me during that time instead of a babysitter while my ex husband has custody of our child? My ex husband has custody of our child over the summer.  I found out he is taking college classes and has hired a babysitter for one day a week.  I offered for our child to stay with me on that day instead of the babysitter.  Do I have a right in the state of California to have our child stay with me during that time?	Family Questions	California
If we have a common law marriage, is it okay that my ex is living with another women (girlfriend)? Myself and my significant other have know each other since 2003. In 2007 we moved in with each other and presented ourselves as husband and wife (combining credit, insurance, etc..). In 2010 he moved out but still resided in Colorado. In 2011 he moved to West Virgina not telling me until after the move. He made promises to help pay our debt. He will not answer my calls, emails, text, etc.. and has not done what he said he would. Also, if we have a common law marriage, is it okay that he is living with another women (girlfriend)? Do I need to and can I legally divorce him even though he resides in a state that does not recognize common law marriage?	Family Questions	Colorado
Does my husband still have to pay child support for both children if one is biological? I have two children and only one of the are my husband's biological child. The oldest child came home from the hospital. Does he still have to pay child? Does he still have to pay child support for both children?	Family Questions	New Jersey
How do we do terminate my son&#39;s biological father&#39;s rights? My son's biological father is wanting to give up his parental rights.  How do we go about starting the process for his rights to be terminated?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What happens to my father&#39;s belonging and bank account if he dies? What happens to my father's belonging and bank account if he dies under Illinois laws?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Kentucky
Can I file an alienation of affection lawsuit against the woman my husband has had an ongoing affair? Can I file an alienation of affection lawsuit against the woman my husband has had an ongoing affair with for the last 10 or so years? He and I recently signed separation papers.	Family Questions	New York
Is there any legal action that I could take against either the neighbor or condo association for false complaints? I live in a condo unit which I rent from the owner. Our next door neighbors have continually made false complaints about us to the condo association and now we are facing a fine or worse possible eviction. Is there any legal action that I could take against either the neighbor or condo association?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Legal for a company to suddenly ask you to pay your wall before they can pay you any commission? Is it legal for a company that said they would not require you to accumulate your draw, and would not require you to pay them back for a month where the wall was not achieved-to suddenly ask you to pay your wall before they can pay you any commission?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
How do you found the separable first? How do you found the separable first?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can my husband put the child support into an escrow account instead of paying his ex directly? My husband does not have a support order but pays $400 a month to his child's mother. He does not get visitation at all. Can he put the child support into an escrow account instead of paying his ex directly?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a landlord evict you for a child misbehaving? Can a landlord evict you for a child misbehaving?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I get married to an immigrant and petition for her while owing child support? Can I get married to an immigrant and petition for her while owing child support ?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What rights do I have to see my kids if my ex won&#39;t let me see them? My ex has my kids and won't let me see them. Custody has not yet been determined. What rights do I have to see them?	Family Questions	Oregon
if my checking account has been frozen, should I be concerned about the new funds being frozen as well? if my checking account has been frozen via a garnishment order, and I close that zero'd account, wait a few weeks, and then open a new account in a different bank, should I be concerned about the new account funds being frozen as well? How would they know I have a new account, and would it be subject to the same court order?	Employment Questions	Indiana
How can I fight home rule laws to fight for my mineral rights pertaining to natural gas development? How can I fight home rule laws to fight for my mineral rights pertaining to natural gas development?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
I&#39;m filing for child support, can the other person file for child support as well against me? I'm filing for child support, can the other person file for child support as well against me?	Family Questions	Colorado
Does everything else in the old judgment stay in effect if we just modified it for the visitation? My ex and I just modified our custody and visitation judgement. The only thing we changed was the visitation. Does everything else in the old judgment stay in effect?	Family Questions	California
How old does a child legally have to be to leave their home in the state of GA? How old does a child legally have to be to leave their home in the state of GA?	Family Questions	Georgia
If neither parent has custody but kids been with 1 parent, can the other parent take kids out of state? If neither parent has custody but kids been with 1 parent for 7 years, can the other parent take kids out of state?	Family Questions	Alabama
Question on re-modifying child support? My son's father has been paying 40 a week on child support for 4 years. I'm trying to bring it to get re-modified and they're telling me they can't serve him cause he won't put in a change of address threw the post office. What can I do?	Family Questions	Florida
If I filed for divorce in CO and it was finalized can I re-file in another state? If I filed for divorce in CO and it was finalized can I re-file in another state? I am unhappy with the laws in regards to custody with my daughter in the state of CO.	Family Questions	Colorado
Can I legally ask the tenant to vacate after I signed a 2 year contract, so that I may occupy my home? I rented out my home, and now I need to move back in. Can I legally ask the tenant to vacate after I signed a 2 year contract, so that I may occupy my home?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How much time do I have to move once the house I rent is contracted escrow has not been close? How much time do I have to move once the house I rent is contracted escrow has not been close? The realtor said I have 20 days how ever I have been renting for 16 months.	Real Estate Questions	California
How do I get a divorce in my state from a common law marriage? How do I get a divorce in my state from a common law marriage? I was involved in over 20 years ago in Colorado.	Family Questions	New York
Legal in PA for a  landlord that lives in a house and has people renting rooms? Legal in PA for a  landlord that lives in a house and has people renting rooms?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I get my small claim back in court to finish what I started when they asked for dismissal? I need help. I filed a small claim and now the people I'm suing asked for dismissal. I need to know how I get that back in court to finish what I started?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Kentucky
Do I have to give landlord notice if I want to move when I&#39;m paying month to month? My lease has expired and I am just staying and paying month to month.  Do I have to give landlord notice if I want to move? If so, how many days in the state of Alabama?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Do I have a case against the doctor who removed my tonsils and adenoids as there were damages? At 5 I had my tonsils/adenoids removed.  After the removal there was a change in the quality of my voice.  My voice got very unclear.  Later I started playing french horn.  I noticed an air leak when I play. This leak is completely uncontrollable and it is due to an incomplete soft palate.  Velopharyngeal Insufficiency is the medical term.  I had an endoscopy taken while playing and you can clearly see an air leak when I play and when I speak.  I think when I got my tonsils and adenoids removed  the procedure was done incorrectly.  Since then I have had three surgeries in a try to fix my leak  Do I have a case against the doctor who removed my tonsils and adenoids? I would like to have compensation for all of my medical bills.	Personal Injury Questions	California
Question regarding purchasing a 200 Nissan Altima in February 2012 and problems emerged? I purchased a 200 Nissan Altima in February 2012. It was some type of noise coming from the tire the wrote it up in my contract. The very first day the car stopped on me while my family & I were driving. The battery wasn't properly connected. I had to constantly pull over & reconnect it. They finally fixed it & the noise was an axle issue. Meanwhile, they didn't cover the brake which was quoted at over $200. I later had repaired myself. Also, I was quoted for an expensive sensor & converter all less than 60days of having the car. I didn't have the money because all the work was about $900. Then, the radiator completely busted. The car was no longer drivable. The new repairs were quoted around $1200.00.	Consumer Questions	Illinois
What can I do if I do not have money to take my case to court? I do not have money to take my case to court. What can I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Negotiating with someone who is authorized to make decisions on behalf of the company? I am in a home purchase negotiation for a house owned by a company.  What rights do I have to know I am negotiating with someone who is authorized to make decisions on behalf of the company?  I recently received a message back after a few counter-offers that the person needed to check with his partner.  Was I dealing with someone the entire time that was not authorized?  How can he show he is authorized?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How long after someone moves out of your property do I have to keep the belongings they left here? How long after someone moves out of your property do I have to keep the belongings they left here?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Is there a law for the time you have to be off? I left work from 2pm till 1030pm and have to be back at work at 6am the next day. Is there a law for the time you have to be off?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I file a claim to get a debt removed from my credit report even though the case was a few years ago? I was going through my credit report to figure out what needs to be paid off to get back on track. I decided to look up one of my creditors and noticed that they filed for bankruptcy. They were sued for preying on members of the military by selling them grossly overpriced electronics and then trapping them in illegal and open-ended credit plans. My question is can I file some sort of claim to get this debt removed from my credit report even though the case was a few years ago?	Consumer Questions	California
How can I rescind voluntary TPC to DHS for child with mental illness/emotional issues? How can I rescind voluntary tpc to dhs for child with mental illnes/emotional issues?  Now that he is diagnosed correctly finally after 3yrs. I knew he was bipolar when he was 7 years old and for sure at the age of 10 years. He has been thru nothing but mental/physical trauma from residential placements. Except when I finally got him admitted on Dec 18,2011 and discharged home April 6, 2012.	Family Questions	Oregon
Do I have rights to my children if my wife left with the children? My wife left the house with my children. I continue to ask her if I can see them as she will not respond. Do I have rights to my children? How do I handle this situation? I miss my children terribly. Thank you!	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the time frame for an auto claim in the state of Virginia? What is the time frame for a auto claim in the state of Virginia?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
What do I need to do to further answer questions to make medical decisions on my sister&#39;s behalf? My sister is in a Nursing Home. I am on her checking account to pay her bills. What else do I need to do to further answer questions about her personal business or make medical decisions on her behalf?	Family Questions	Georgia
Could you inform me of my rights as a sublet with no written lease? Good afternoon,I currently sublet a room, a few days ago I gave the tenant my 30 day notice, informing them I will be terminating my tenancy on August 31. They told me that technically they can keep my security deposit because I did not give 60 days, which is stated on the lease, however I do not have a signed lease with them, in fact I don't have a copy of the lease at all. Could you inform me of my rights as a sublet with no written lease?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Legal for a physician to disclose my HIV status along with meds despite my objection? i am HIV+ and needed a physical for school. On my physical paperwork, my physician disclosed my status along with meds. that coincided with my condition despite my objection. No form of consent was signed and he told me he had to do this. Is this legal? can I sue? Is there a statute of limitations on this? if so, what is it?	Criminal Questions	New York
Is there anyway that I can obtain the money my late parents left? Hi my name is Christopher and just the other day I was doing some research on my mother and father that had passed away. I found out that they had left money behind that we didn't know about. Is there anyway that I can obtain it and how could I go about getting it?Thank you very much for your help and have a blessed day	Family Questions	California
Could you only get a POA after death and how to proceed for my late daughter&#39;s money due? My daughter passed away unexpectedly. She had no will  was unmarried with no children. She is due money from an insurance settlement. The lawyer says the settlement is ready and she only needs a power of attorney to release it. I thought you could not get a power of attorney after death. How do I proceed?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is my second wife liable for a mortgage that is only in my name and was obtained before we met? Is my second wife liable for a mortgage that is only in my name and was obtained before we met? Also with previous credit card debt If something was to happen to me? I live in Indiana Thank You.	Family Questions	Indiana
Can my wife get back child support from me if our boys are both 27 and 30? My boys are grown now. Can my wife get back child support from me they are both 27 and 30?	Family Questions	California
What do I need to file to stop my husband from decreasing child support? What do I need to file to stop my husband from decreasing child support?	Family Questions	Illinois
If a father has proof he has been in his child&#39;s life,  is this grounds for the father to receive primary custody? If a father has proof he has been in his child's life, and the mother takes the child, is this grounds for the father to receive primary custody?	Family Questions	California
Can I be forced to pay for Christian school if I do not ascribe to this religion? Can I be forced to pay for Christian school if I do not ascribe to this religion?Can it be part of my child support?	Family Questions	California
Can I inherit my father&#39;s wealth in absence of will and I am living with my mother? Can I inherit my father's wealth in absence of will and I am living with my mother?	Family Questions	Colorado
Ex-boyfriend intends to file writ of replevin for belongings left 3 years ago. My ex-boyfriend moved his things out a month before he went to prison. He has been out since July of this year and I told him I was going to keep the TV and fish tank that has been here for almost three years since he was gone. He said he was going to file a writ of replevin. Is there anything i do?	Contract Questions,Legal Questions	Florida
How do I go about to get sole full custody? How do I go about to get sole full custody?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if my daughter is a single mother &amp; she needs to know the law on custody &amp; child support? My daughter is a single mother with a 3-year-old girl. She needs to know the law on custody and on getting childsupport.	Family Questions	Oregon
How much money does it cost to  appeal a child custody case? how much money does it cost to  appeal a child custody case in florida?	Family Questions	Texas
Why would someone on welfare have five bank accounts? Why would someone on welfare have five bank accounts?	Tax Questions	Ohio
At what age can the child decide who to live with? In my divorce, I was granted primary guardian of our son. My ex-husband has our son right now. We have joint custody. I signed this paper giving up my rights. It was notarized. Will this paper stand up in court? At what age can the child decide who to live with?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can the landlord evict me when he hasn&#39;t made the proper repairs after an arduous time in court? I am a tenant. I withheld my rent for Nov. And Dec. because of lack of maintenance and pest problems. My landlord file eviction but the court found in my favor and order rent abatement for the months of Nov And Dec. and said I pay the abated rate. But for the month of Jan. I had to pay my regular but the landlord still haven't made proper repairs.  I was told that if I didn't pay I would be evicted didn't pay within 24 hrs. Can they do that?	Finance Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
How do I get my money back if I bought a car from a dealer but he left after the car broke down? I bought a car from a dealer. He promised me that the car would pass inspection and if it doesn't he would fix the problem. After I paid him in full he disappeared on me. I am left with the car that doesn't work and the only thing I have is the dealer's phone number. I have nothing in writing. The only thing I have is the copy of cashier check that I paid him. How do I get my money back?	Consumer Questions	Maryland
What is the law in Wisconsin in giving FT employee&#39;s lunch breaks? What is the law in Wisconsin in giving FT employee's lunch breaks?  Also is required to give two 15 minutes breaks? And does it differ being a Salary and Hourly employee?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
how can i stop NJ from ignoring PA&#39;s last Agreed Order of Support? how can i stop NJ from ignoring PA's last Agreed Order of Support?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If my mother went into a nursing home would they be able to take the house? I have a house that is in my mother's name but I have the survivor's deed that is in my name. She is in really bad health. If she were to have to go into a nursing home would they be able to take the house?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How to proceed further after loosing my arbitration? I went to arbitration and lost my case. The arbitrator changed my date of termination from one date to several months later. She said I didn't receive due process when the employer amended the misconduct charges and she said that the employer would have continued my unpaid leave anyway so no back pay was awarded due to that reason. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Shouldn&#39;t citi financial be responsible for the damages since they have the title and insurance on the car? I took out a loan from citi financial using my car for collateral. I had to sign my title over to them. I wrecked the car yesterday and the tow fees are $170.00. The tow company would not allow me to get the car because I did not posses the title. Now citi financial is trying to sign the car back over to me leaving me with excessive tow fee. Shouldn't citi financial be responsible since they have the title and insurance on the car?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Am I entitled to rent owed back if I paid while a home was in forclosure and I was forced to move because there had been a auction date set?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Montana
Dispute if fired for something I was unaware during my 90-day trial period? What are my rights as an employee being fired for something I did not do now past my 90 day trial period. Can I dispute this issue?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can I put a lien on property if a reverse mortgage is in place for over 1 year? Washington State: Can I put a lien on property if a reverse mortgage is in place for over 1 year?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
If you work for a security  job and they lay you off and you get vacation do you get it if they lay you off? If you work for a security  job and they lay you off and you get vacation do you get it if they lay you off?	Employment Questions	District of Columbia
How to pick someone up your property if they&#39;ve lived there for longer than 3 months? How to pick someone up your property if they've lived there for longer than 3 months?	Real Estate Questions	North Dakota
What is aggravated assault in the fourth degree? What is aggravated assault in the fourth degree?	Criminal Questions	New York
What questions should I ask attorney about intoxication case? I have been arrested and charged with underage consumption, public intoxication, and avoiding arrest on foot. I have an attorney and was wanting to know what questions I should ask him about my case? I also have no criminal record.	Criminal Questions	Tennessee
We have an salaried employee who has used up all his vacation and sick time for the year.  Is there any way for us to &quot;dock&quot; him for extra time missed? None	Employment Questions	Louisiana
Is there any way I can get out of my lease when there is mold and rats? Since I have moved into my duplex in March I have found mold, rats, and now my ac is broken. I have a $500 electric bill from it cooling my attic. I spoke to the AC man they sent out and he said he told them 6 months ago that the place needed new ducts put in. Is there any way I can get out of my lease?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What can I do about bad rumors and lies at work? What is the law on co-workers spreading bad rumors and lies that your sleeping with another co-worker?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Can I withhold deposit without eviction until apartment problems fixed? If my landlord is in violation of my tenants rights by not providing heat and not fixing plumbling problems  and I have paid my rent for 3 months already and a third of my deposit, can I withold the remainder of the deposit until he fixes the problem, without being evicted?	Leasing Questions	Florida
What are son&#39;s rights to baby of unwed mother? My son got a girl pregnant and is not married to her.  The baby is due in March.  What are his rights in the state of Arizona?	Family Questions	Arizona
Does an employer have to pay an employee unpaid vacation and sick time if they are fired? Does an employer have to pay an employee unpaid vacation and sick time if they are fired in the state of New York?	Employment Questions	New York
How do I give my child&#39;s mother custody of our daughter since I will be leaving to go overseas in a few days? How do I give my child's mother custody of our daughter since I will be leaving to go overseas in a few days?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
What custody rights do grandparents have if the parents are unfit to be parents? What custody rights do grandparents have if the parents are unfit to be parents?	Family Questions	Illinois
Do we still have the right to my grandparent&#39;s money even though my dad is no longer here? My dad was one of three sons. My dad passed away in 2008 and left my family with little. My grandparents have both passed away and my uncle is the primary person now in their belongings I guess. My uncle has my grandparents' house for sale. If my dad was still alive we would get a part of it. Do we still have the right to my grandparents' money even though my dad is no longer here?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If I have a studio apt occupied by a couple, can I say no overnight guests? I have a studio apt occupied by a couple. They allow up to four persons to spend the night with them.  Can I say no overnight visits? She has a daughter with a newborn wanting to come recooperate here.  This worrys me. The rental agreement does not mention no overnight guests.tnx,&#119;&#x69;&#99;&#103;&#x72;&#x61;&#x6e;&#x64;&#x6d;&#97;&#49;&#x40;&#97;&#x6f;&#x6c;&#46;&#111;&#109;	Family Questions	California
If my son&#39;s father signs over legal parental rights, can I still collect child support? If my son's father signs over legal parental rights, can I still collect child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Should I be compensated for the additional 97 hours for the month? I am a salaried employee. My compensation package is based on a 50 hour week. This last month I have put in 297 hours with one day off the whole month. Is this legal? And should I be compensated for the additional 97 hours for the month?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
If my landlord fails to fix my A/C, can I get out of my lease? If my landlord fails to fix my A/C, can I get out of my lease?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How do I get a waiver to use my nickname Rick? How do I get a waiver to use my nickname Rick? My surname is Frederick and that is what is on my R/E license?	Employment Questions	Delaware
Question regarding recently getting married but found out my husband had a boy this year? I'm still married in MD, but I found out my husband recently had baby boy this year. What can I do? I think this is nasty to give vows but go out and cheat with another woman.	Employment Questions	Maryland
What are my rights as a father? I owe child support and paying on it as much as I can. I do have my family to support as well and my current wife and our new born.  I'm wanting to see my other son but the other parent lives 2000 miles away and will not allow the kid to stay with me during my visits. She says the only way to see my son is to travel where she lives and stay out there during my visits. I have told her that I will make arrangements for him to get out here and to take care of his needs. She will not listen to me at all and will not come to something works out for both of us.  Does she have the right to make demands like that? What are my rights as a father?	Family Questions	California
Scenario: A fitness studio hires staff (10-99) to lead their group fitness classes &amp; pays them a % of what clients pay. The studio runs a promotion with Groupon.com (without consent from staff) to attract new customers. The studio pays the staff $0 for Groupon clients. Class action? staff &gt; studio	Advertising Law Questions,Employment Questions	California
When can a judge tell you that you can drink or when you can&#39;t drink? When can a judge tell you that you can drink or when you can't drink?	Family Questions	South Dakota
Paying spousal support until retirement. I'm 55 while my wife is 45 & we'll be paying spousal support till i file for modification at retirement at 65. My gross will probably be 1/3 of now which equal to $30,000. What happens if my wife at the age 55 says that she makes around $55,000? Will the support be dropped or can i get support?	Family Questions	California
How do I raise my company par value? Hi I just want to know how to raise my company par value?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
Is my 19-year-old-daughter emancipated in NY if gave birth and lives with the employed father? My 19-year-old daughter recently gave birth and lives with the employed father in a house owned by her mother.  Is she emancipated in NY State?	Family Questions	New York
What can I do if a client is suing me over a cement work I did for her? I have a client suing me over a cement work I did at her resident after trying to come to an agreement she involved an attorney! She wants $7000 and wants me to haul away the cement that another contractor she has hired! What can I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can the courts get an extension on a speedy trial?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
How many and how long should my other breaks be if I work from 8 am to 430 with a half hour lunch? How many and how long should my other breaks be if I work from 8 am to 430 with a half hour lunch?	Employment Questions	New York
Can you advise me of my rights if I stay at an inn cause I request a phone and more toilet paper? I'm staying at relax inn in Fort Wayne, IN. I paid 280.00 for two weeks with pet deposit of 10.00 per week. They won't provide a phone that works properly and gave me rags with bleach stains on it and told me I'm allowed one roll of toilet paper a day and would have to pay them for more from now on. Can you advise me of my rights please? they are threatening me to kick me out because I want a phone that works and toilet paper.	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
What can my son&#39;s father do to him if he refuses to go back to california to his father who has custody? My son is 17 and refuses to go back to California to his father who has custody.  What can his father do to him?	Family Questions	Washington
Is it running away if minor moves out of parent&#39;s home? In the state of Pennsylvania, can you legally move out at age 17? I have a 20 year old boyfriend and we both live with my mom right now. She's a drug addict, has anger problems, and violent. We want to move out so I wanted to know if she could call me a "runaway" if I did. She would try and do that.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding a mid-wife is falsely telling people that our baby is going through withdrawal? The mid-wife who delivered our baby is telling people (including DCF (CPS)) that our baby is going through withdrawal. My wife had a prescription for Percoset for two weeks prior to delivery that our Pre-Natal Dr was aware of and had validated. Our baby has already been drug-tested and came back negative and the NICU Dr and Nurses who have been watching him have stated very clearly that there has been no sign of withdrawal. But CPS has been called by someone (assuming the mid-wife) and been told otherwise.Would this be grounds for a defamation or malpractice suit?	Family Questions	Florida
Can child services question a 13-year old without their parent present? Can child services question a 13 year old without their parent present?	Family Questions	Mississippi
Why would a Conservatorship sue the Ward? Why would a Conservatorship sue the Ward?  I received papers the other day that the conservatorship was suing my father.  What reasons does this happen?Thank you.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Arizona
Can I sue the state for damages and legal fees? I applied for a senior care home license (RCFE) in California in early September 2011. Prior to application, I attended the mandatory state administered Orientation February earlier that year and was informed by official state staffers that 1) facility (home) must be ready for inspection (remodeling and improvement completed) and that the application approval process takes 60-90 days to receive the license. I purchased the home (exclusively for the care home business) that April 2011. One year after the Orientation and six months after applying for license still no word from licensing. In fact, the processor in charge if my application will not return my repeated phone calls and emails. Can I sue the state for damages and legal fees?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Question regarding living situation during a divorce in VA? I currently live with my best friend who is going through a divorce (VA state). I moved in to help pay for the mortgage and other bills so his children would keep their home. My living with him is protected in the separation agreement. We have grown close and would like to start dating once the divorce is final. According to his lawyer, once the divorce is final I need to move out due to an agreement the judge put in the paperwork stating the parties of the divorce could not live with anyone else unless they are married to them.  Is this legal? This does not sound right and I'm about to lose my home.	Family Questions	Virginia
Is the dealership responsible for the down payment outside of the loan payments? My mother purchased a used car from a dealership. My fiance worked out the deal for her.  The agreement was that she would trade in her old car towards the new one, and the money left on the old loan (down payment) would be rolled into the new loan.  The dealership is trying to sue her and my fiance - stating that the down payment is still owed.  The purchase contract states that the money was paid.  Neither of them signed papers stating that the money would be paid outside of the loan payments.  Are they responsible for the down payment outside of the loan payments?	Consumer Questions	New York
Is it against the law for a real estate broker to give you have of his commission and lie about closing cost? is it against the law for a real estate broker to give you have of his commission and lie about closing cost and other things?	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if the leasing office are asking to break the lease for which the term didn&#39;t even started? I have extended my lease in a apartment from  this July 25 to next 25 in Philadelphia, But unfortunately I can't stay here. The leasing office are asking to break the lease for which the term didn't even started. I don't want to break the lease. Let me know your valuable suggestions on this.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have to get a GED if I don&#39;t have my high school diploma? With the new Obama Immigration Law, do I have to get a GED if I don't have my high school diploma?	Immigration Questions	New York
How far can I move if I have joint custody? How far can I move if I have joint custody?	Family Questions	New Jersey
Question regarding when an employee has been denied their contractual right to take time-off? When an employee has been denied their contractual right to take time-off from work whereas other employees were given it off and then been told that if the employee really wishes to have this time off they can quit the job? Employee then quits the job and later wins the case with unemployment assistance against the employer which doesn't show up at hearing They found violator of its employee right on the contract be later suit for damages due to employee never been able to find a job in 2 years almost.	Employment Questions	California
Legal if we are willing to forfeit the down payment but just want out of the deal? As a buyer, I want to get out of a real estate deal.  We felt taken advantage of and were told there is no way to get out the deal due the fact the communities real estate agent is difficult to deal with.  We have not had the closing yet but ti is scheduled for June 6.  We are willing to forfeit the down payment but just want out of the deal.  How can we do this legally?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Legal if I just started my job and I need a 30-day lapse in employment to qualify for vacation pay? I was hired by Arvon staffing on July 1, 2011 to work for city of Virginia beach. I put in for my vacation pay, and they told me that I had to have a 30 day lapse in employment to qualify. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Virginia
What to do if the son&#39;s father originally wanted nothing to do with his son and changes his mind now? I live in PA and my son's father has not seen our child in 4 years. He wanted nothing to do with him, and now wants him. Is there anything I can do from keeping that from happening?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How can they list me as a creditor when they took my money after they filed bankruptcy? Someone that owned a furniture store that I ordered, paid for and never received furniture from listed me as a creditor on their chapter 7 bankruptcy. They filed in Feb but I ordered and paid for the furniture in March. How can they list me as a creditor when they took my money after they filed bankruptcy?  They kept telling me for over a month the furniture was on back order.	Consumer Questions	Kentucky
Question regarding my apt trying to eviction me for nonpayment of rent? Hello My apt is trying to evict me for nonpayment of rent. My rent is due the 3rd of the month. I paid my month i never got any notice stating that if my money is not paid by this date that i was going to be eviction. I have been having to call my apt since i got the notices on my door. I have leave several msg and no one has called me back. i called the lawyer on the case and i was told that they was holding my money do to the fact that i didn't have court cost. i explain to the lawyer that i dint have more they was and that i have been trying to call the office. That was Tuesday this week and Wed of this week the office drop off my money order.	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
What are the laws about mental incompetence and guardian control? What are the laws in Florida about mental incompetence and guardian control?	Family Questions	New York
How does maintenance work after years of marriage and your finances are about the same? How does maintenance work after 17 years of marriage and your finances are about the same?	Family Questions	Wyoming
Does a child custody order have to be renewed annually? Does a child custody order have to be renewed annually?	Family Questions	New York
Should I file for unemployment or stay on disability until they are forced to terminate me? My doctor took me off of work due to stress and anxiety in a hostile work environment. He since told me to contact unemployment and recommended that I not return to my job. Should I file for unemployment or stay on disability until they are forced to terminate me? I am currently looking for employment. Can I get in trouble?	Employment Questions	California
What will they do in court if I show in regards to a credit card for defaulting on it? I received papers in regards to a credit card taking me to court for defaulting on it.  What will they do in court if I show up?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Do I need an eviction notice to get my boyfriend to move out if he only has the cable bill in his name? I own my home and my boyfriend has lived with me for five years. I would like him to move out immediately. The only bill in his name is cable bill. Do I have to have aneviction notice formto get him to move out?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Would it be better for us to stay and get the eviction or just leave and have to pay until the lease ends? I am about to get evicted from my apartment but my landlord says that if we move out we won't have the eviction on our records and she won't allow us to make payments. We are only one month behind. Would it be better for us to stay and get the eviction or just leave and have to pay until the lease ends? I'm currently pregnant and don't have a job, and if we get the eviction we will have no place to go. What would be our best move?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
If my ex remarried, does his new wife have any legal rights to visitation of my children? My ex-husband got remarried and his new wife thinks she has legal rights to visitation of my children.  What are her rights?	Family Questions	Oregon
I called my landlord to inform her I needed a week to pay my rent for health reasons. My rent is due on the 1st but she verbally told us we had a 3 day grace period. I got home today and there is a vacate the home by the 7th of November on my door? Can she evict us like that?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Texas
What legal ways do I have of obtaining my mother&#39;s certificates of deposit from my brother if he refuses? I have been given a limited durable power of attorney by my mother to cash in two certificates of deposit for my mother. She is recovering from a broken femur and cannot transact the business herself. My brother has the certificates of deposit in his safe. What legal ways do I have of obtaining these certificates of deposit from my brother if he refuses to give them to me? The certificates of deposit are in my mother's name and are payable to me upon her death.	Wills and Trusts Questions	West Virginia
How long can an eviction notice take to go through? How long can an eviction notice take to go through?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
How can step-father adopt child if no father&#39;s name on birth certificate? If there is no father on the birth certificate and hasn't been for three years, and there is a step-father who is willing/wanting to be his father and adopt him, what are the procedures to make this happen in the state of missouri?	Family Questions	Missouri
What rights does a tenant have in regards to being inconvenienced with a sinkhole issue and them using electric and water and not being able to use partial property do to markers being placed? What rights does a tenant have in regards to being inconvenienced with a sinkhole issue and them using electric and water and not being able to use partial property do to markers being placed?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How long after a renter moves out must you hold there property before it is considered abandoned?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Do I need to go to the court date if they are already garnishing and I don&#39;t want to change that? I have a court date about a garnishment and they are already garnishing my wages. Do I need to go to the court date if they are already garnishing and I don't want to change that and If I do go what needs to be said if anything?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Legal if offered a position willing to be demoted with pay cut? I have been employed for 14 yrs. with the same co. I am a supervisor.  I have been out on disability for a little over a year.  I am cleared to come back to work but must have special accommodations.  I have been offered a position if I am willing to be demoted and take a pay cut.  Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Florida
I received a wage garnishment and need to know what I can do to have it stopped? I received a wage garnishment and need to know what I can do to have it stopped?	Consumer Questions	California
How do I go about evicting a family from my home with no court action? How do I go about evicting a family from my home with no court action?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
When a child turns 18, is the parent responsible for child support payments? My brother has been paying child support in CA for 17 yrs. When his child turns 18 and goes to college, is he still responsible for child support payments or is he responsible to pay for college tuition or both?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
How do I report an unethical real estate company? How do I report an unethical real estate company?  I bought my home 2 years ago with the belief that a new roof was put on and a 10 year warranty was given, but I now know it never was put on and I now have mold.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have a case for pain and suffering and negligence if my metronomic device malfunctioned? I had a medtronic device implanted.  I went to the doctor's office for a routine visit this past Thursday to have the device checked and was told everthing was ok. The following Monday the device began firing repeatedly for no reason.  Once in the ER, I was told that the lead had been fractured and that this should have been detected at the previous doctors visit.  Do I have a case for pain and suffering and neglegence?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Is there a statute of limitations on parking tickets? Is there a statute of limitations on parking tickets?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
My son is almost 18 years old and he wants to move to my house and does not want to live with his mom no more. Can he do this without legal isues?&quot;	Family Questions	Colorado
What can we do to help my brother from his mental illness? We live in Missouri and my brother is addicted to drugs. He is 36 years old with a 2 year old daughter and he can't keep a job or pay child support. He is getting very thin and acting really paranoid and out of control. Now he's driving a ninja crotch rocket way too fast under the influence and losing his teeth. What can we do to help him against his mental illness that runs in the family. Both our dad and aunt have committed suicide as well as a great aunt. We are extremely worried from all sides of the family. He is a master at manipulation but fooling no one, what can we do?	Family Questions	Missouri
What do I do after being served an eviction 3-day notice in CA? What do I do after being served an3 day eviction noticein CA?	Real Estate Questions	California
Do you need a lawyer to close a real estate deal in Massachusetts? Do you need a lawyer to close a real estate deal in Massachusetts?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What does it mean when you get a return property notice within 3 days from your landlord? What does it mean when you get a return property notice within 3 days from your landlord?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
How do I find out if I have a claim? I have been ridiculed and sexually harassed at my job.  How do I find out if I have a claim?	Employment Questions	California
How can I get the collection agency to remove a debt that doesn&#39;t belong to me? How can I get the collection agency to remove a debt that doesn't belong to me?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Does my ex owe maintenance while I&#39;m separated? I'm in the middle of a separation. I haven't been married a year yet, I am unemployed, I share lease and bank account with spouse. Does he owe maintenance while I'm separated? How long?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Can they touch my wife&#39;s trust in anyway if she wants to go bankrupt because of her credit cards? We have as revocable trust which my wife is on. She wants to go bankrupt because of  her credit cards. Can they touch the trust in any way?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Illegal if a secretary obtains personal medical info by calling up a person&#39;s personal doctor? Can a secretary of state employee/examiner obtain personal medical information by calling up a person's personal doctor to obtain certain particular information? Doesn't the HIPAA Law prohibit that?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Can I be fired with doctor&#39;s excused absence? Can I be fired for doctor's excused absences?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
What does &quot;30 days next after&quot; mean? What does "30 days next after" mean? Same as thirty days after?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Should my husband be paid for travel pay? My husband's employer doesn't not pay for the drive time back to the shop. Wherever he is when he finishes his last job is where he clocks out. He works for a small pool company so the location is always different. The drive back can be any where between 15 min. and 45 min. a day.  Shouldn't he be getting paid for this time?   also....he has been with the company for 4+ years. Is he entitled to back pay as well?  Thank you!!	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do when a company acknowledge that I paid the shipping &amp; handling  &amp; refuse to return my money? I returned a product to Idea Village (Baseboard Buddy) & they will not return the money I paid for handling & shipping. They acknowledge that I paid the shipping & handling  & refuse to return my money.	Consumer Questions	Florida
Can I reopen my unemployment claim? Unemployment approved my application, then I had a telephone interview and then was denied. I applied again and was denied.  Unemployment stated that I needed to work for a bon-a-fide employment and earn 2,400.00.  I have since gone to work for my cousin doing auto/marine detailing and have earned around 5,000.00.  He had me fill out a 1099a, is this correct? Can I reopen my claim? Also, who is paying the unemployment claim? Is my prior employer or the  employer from the 1099.    Thanks	Employment Questions	California
Can the landlord charge me utilities on both units when I only occupy one? I rent a mobile home in Georgia. My unit is being remodeled. The landlord had me move next door for the process. There was no time frame given (it has been a year now)and only one room has been done. The landlord has also been adding the utilities from that unit to the utilities I am already paying for the unit I am in now. Do I have any options to get this done faster? Also, can the landlord charge me utilities on both units when I only occupy one?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How can I claim my last paycheck? I left my job for a better opportunity and my week pay day they denied my last paycheck. I want to know by Florida labor laws. How can claim my last paycheck?	Employment Questions	Florida
Do I have any recourse on this issue against my neighbor? My neighbors (2 houses) have been parking their vehicles in front of my house for no reason except for spite. My wife and I had spoken to them politely some time ago and ask them not to park there...when they could park in front of their own houses. The one neighbor across the street has now begun pulling his trash can over in front of our house on trash day, with no reason for not setting in front of his own house. The other neighbor has now for 2 days pulled one of her vehicles right in front of our house, while they have plenty of room in front of their own house, and in their drive way. Do I have any recourse on this issue?  Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	California
Can a car dealership change the amount of your monthly payment? Can a car dealership change the amount of your monthly payment, after you have signed the contract?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
What process can I take to expunge a complaint against me in my HR file? What process can I take to expunge a complaint against me in my HR file?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Question regarding shoplifting and lost prevention? if you shoplift a 50 dollar item from Safeway and lost prevention follows you out to car and you take off and get away can you still get charged?	Criminal Questions	Washington
Legally can I give my sister the money for moving out on her own and getting her life back after having cancer? I had a benefit for my sister who has stage 4 cancer. It was for help with medical costs. there are no longer any medical costs and the money is just sitting in an account. What legally can be done with the remaining money. I was the host and the money is in my name. There was no contract stating the money specifically had to go to medical costs. i just want to make sure legally what can be done so I avoid getting into legal trouble with it. She lost her home during treatments and had to move in with family. She has recently gotten better from the cancer and wants the money to move out on her own and get her life back. Legally can I give her the money for that?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Anti-trust behavior on Pepsico&#39;s part? my son sells Tropicana products, a division of Pepsi. we have, without a contract with Pepsico, sold to mom and pop stores for over 30 years. most recently, Tropicana products, through their food service division, have sold to our customers for up to two dollars a case less.for three weeks now, Pepsi has not given naked juice, our best selling product, to us, while food service gets all the naked they want. this has angered our customers on two counts; one they cannot get the service from us route distributors; and two, our customers are upset that our prices are higher than food service prices. Is this not anti-trust behavior on Pepsico's part?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
What do I do if my doctor talked about my case in public? I'm in the hospital and yesterday my doctor stopped by my room and just started talking about my case and he didn't care who was in the room. He embarrassed me in front of everyone. I think he went to far and didn't respect my privacy. I need to know what to do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Wisconsin
What&#39;s the least amount of hours you work if schedule to come in to work? What is the least amount of hours you work if schedule to come in to work?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can a manager change your hours at will? Can a manager change your hours at will, and how many different shifts can a nurse work in a week?	Employment Questions	New Hampshire
Obligated to pay the cancellation fee if it was under 24 hours? If a doctor has a 24 hour cancellation policy and I cancel 23 hours and 16 minutes before the scheduled appt., am I legally obligated to pay the $375 appt. fee?	Real Estate Questions	California
If I have a restraining order against the father of my child, can I move out of the county with her? If I have a restraining order against the father of my child, can I move out of the county with her?	Family Questions	California
What is a class felony? What is a class felony?	Criminal Questions	West Virginia
Do I have any ability to have the dealer cancel the purchase of the warranty? I purchased a warranty for my new car.  The next day, after signing all contracts, I went back to the dealership and asked to cancel the warranty.  The dealer refused.  Do I have any ability to have the dealer cancel the purchase of the warranty?	Consumer Questions	California
Lawful for an employer to require an employee to travel between offices and not be on the clock? Is it lawful for an employer to require an employee to travel between offices and not  be on the clock? Example: My employer requires us on occasion to leave one office and drive to another office to help them out. The employer insists that we are to clock out to make this 30 to 45 min drive and no pay for mileage  either.	Employment Questions	Florida
If lost property is found...and then when the finder goes to return the item they learn that there is a reward for that item that they were not aware of, are they still entitled to that reward? None	Contract Questions	Oregon
What are my rights if my wife told me to move out when I work part-time with a child? My name is Aaron and I live in California, and I was just told by my wife that I have a month to move out. I work part-time at Starbucks, and we have a one year old girl. I need to know what my rights are, what I can do, and how to get started?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I get married with a partial guardian? Can I get married with a partial guardian? I just have them for financial problems.	Family Questions	Michigan
Responsibilities of Developers and Contractors? What is the role and responsibilities of developers and contractors in mitigating environmental impact during planning, designing and construction stages?	Employment Questions	12
What can I do to oppose a parent who is threatening half parenting rights? My husband claims that I'm a bad parent due to the fact of a bad relationship with my mother. He forces our children to call the step mom momma b. I'm single, drug free and a professional with work. He often threatens to take me to court for half parenting rights. He agreed to pay child support then put his business in another's name and had support reduced now. He has another commissioned based job making more money. I do my best for our babies, but stresses and cannot afford lawyer after paying 78 grand during divorce. What can I do?	Family Questions	Delaware
Are we responsible to purchase a different outfit to work on those two days? I work in a restaurant and as a promotion for a new menu we are required to wear a different outfit on Fri and Sat only.  Are we responsible to purchase a different outfit to work on those two days? We are given a shirt for the other days but we have to purchase pants and shoes.	Employment Questions	California
What is my unemployment compensation if I fire an employee who only worked for me for 15 weeks? I have an employee that has worked for me for me for 15 weeks.  I am a Pennsylvania based business.  What is my unemployment compensation, health insurance responsibility if I fire this employee?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I go to jail for not paying a payday loan? Can I go to jail for not paying a payday loan?	Corporate Questions	Florida
If I make money profit on the foreign exchange, what percentage if any do I pay in taxes to the state? I have some foreign Money to exchange, if I make money profit on the exchange, what percentage if any do I pay in taxes to the state?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can an employer lay you off and tell you they are giving you 8 weeks severance pay then change it? Can an employer lay you off and tell you they are giving you 8 weeks severance pay and give you a copy of the severance agreement and then the day they let you go change it to 2 weeks severance pay?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What to do if I have breast cancer and my job refuses to issue my vacation pay to me? i have breast cancer ,my job refuses to issue my vacation pay to me?	Employment Questions	California
What steps can i take to sue a landlord? What steps can i take to sue a landlord? Reason: broke toilet.. mice..roaches..mold..we been here about six months and nothing has been done.	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Are there new laws for fmla for diabetics and if there are can you tell me some of them? Are there new laws for fmla for diabetics and if there are can you tell me some of them?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Is it legal for a landlord to rent two apartments with a shared power meter and just split the bill in half? Is it legal for a landlord to rent two apartments with a shared power meter and just split the bill in half?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can I reside on my property indefinitely or are there state codes I&#39;m required to abide by with water? Mn property owner, 15 acres, no well or toilet facilities, land in a rural area.  Can I reside on this property legally indefinitely as I own the property or are there state codes I'm required to abide by legally?	Real Estate Questions	California
Standard for visitation and who would pay for the travel of the children since my ex is leaving the state? My ex-husband, who is noncustodial parent, has informed me he is moving to Nebraska to care for his mother. He currently lives in Missouri as I do in the same town. What is the standard for visitation and who would pay for the travel of the children since he is leaving the state?	Family Questions	Missouri
What to do if the bank sold my property and placed a lien on my primary residence for more than I owed? I had a rental property that I could no longer afford the payments.  The bank sold it at auction and then placed a lien on my primary residence for more than I owed.  I did not use my home as collateral for the loan on the rental unit.  What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What to do when landlord made us lose our apartment? Signed to move by May 31 because we had apartment pending. Landlord made us lose that apartment. We received a 6 day vacate from Marshall. My spouse is a vet and Vet is working with us. Samaritan Village is working with us and so is Family Resources. What do we do now?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is my situation &quot;bad faith&quot; business? I am an insurance restoration contractor who restored a homeowners house that is behind on their mortgage.  We have completed all repairs and are waiting for the recoverable depreciation check which the mortgage company wants to keep to bring the homeowner current.  Is this legal? Isn't that "bad faith" business?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Does an employee have any legal rights if their promotion is give to another employee? Does an employee have any legal rights if their promotion is give to another employee?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my boss cancel me an hour and sometimes 15 minutes right before my scheduled shift? My boss cancels me an hour and sometimes 15 minutes right before my scheduled shift. Can she do that?	Employment Questions	California
What should be considered when purchasing a house in a country club gated community with golf club? What should be considered when purchasing a house in a country club gated community with golf club?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I file a discrimination case if I&#39;m Asian and was demoted? Can I file a discrimination case if I'm Asian and was demoted?	Employment Questions	Virginia
If I marry, will I be obligated to pay my husband&#39;s back payments? My fiance owes back child support on his adult children.  He is still being charged interest on the back support owed.  If we marry, will I be obligated to pay these back payments?  Will the state garnish my wages?	Family Questions	Washington
Can a grandparent petition the court 9 months later if they decide they want custody? Can a grandparent petition the court 9 months later if they decide they want custody of the grandchild who's in state foster care? If no why? if yes can they do this on their own?	Family Questions	California
If they don&#39;t hire my friend&#39;s mom is there legal action he can take when they promised they would? Hi I have a friend who was working at an office as a file clerk. His mom applied at the same office for a different position and was interviewed. He was told that if he resigned they would hire his mom. If they don't hire his mom is there legal action he can take?	Employment Questions	California
Can my employer withhold my paycheck if I quit on payday? I just left my job today. today is payday and they would not give me my check and they held two weeks when I started can they do that?	Employment Questions	Florida
What are my rights in North Carolina as an unmarried father to my child? I am from GA and my child is in NC and I'm unable to see my son. I take him to see my side of the family and she has a problem with my wife and using that for my son not to come. What are my rights in North Carolina as an unmarried father to my child?	Family Questions	Georgia
Need to know if the IRS can put a lien on my assets without a prenup? My fiance & I would like to marry.  He owes the IRS & I own a home, have cd's.  I need to know if the IRS can put a lien on my assets without a prenup?	Family Questions	Florida
What are the laws about getting a break and a lunch break? What are the laws about getting a break and a lunch break?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Legal for a manager to come into a tenant&#39;s apartment and take pictures without permission? Is it legal in the state of Virginia for a manager of a government housing project to come into a tenant's apartment and take pictures without permission from the tenant while the tenant was not home?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Because of copyright laws, we have been told we cannot videotape our daughter&#39;s performance in her school musical. Is this true? (We just want to be able to share this with family who live in another state and cannot attend.)	Copyright Questions	Tennessee
Right for me to pay back child support because I was caught cheating with a married man? I have been in a relationship for over 9 years with a married man. His wife just recently just found out, now he is claiming that he paid me $21,000, in child support on a kid that isn't his, but I have no receipts from him nor does he have any. Will I be responsible to pay that back with no proof?	Family Questions	Kentucky
What can I do if I feel that I&#39;m abused mentally? What can I do if I feel that I'm abused mentally?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Would I still be entitled to my vacation pay if I was let go four days away working from a year? I was four days away from working a year before I was let go from my job. Would I still be entitled to my vacation pay	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
My ex wants back child support from 22 years ago totaling $281,000? My ex wants back child support from 22 years ago totaling $281,000?	Family Questions	Colorado
What should my brother do if his girlfriend is refusing the child support money he gives? My brother is no longer living with his girl friend of seven years.They have a five year old daughter. He is paying child support in cash each week. She says she does not want to accept money orders from him. What should he do?	Family Questions	South Carolina
Can my friend be kept without giving him a hearing? My friend turned himself in. He had a warrant for child support, but at the time it was taken out the was working and his job was taking it out.  these are the arrears.  can the keep him without giving him a hearing? He does not have a job. This incident was keeping him from getting this job he had line up.	Family Questions	Georgia
Where can I find the form to file a First and Final accounting of my husband&#39;s probate account? I need to file a First and Final accounting of my husband's probate account. Where can I find the form?	Family Questions	California
How do I leave home without going through foster care? I am 17 and my mom is very abusive I want to leave but I don't want to go through foster care I have no job. What do I do?	Family Questions	New Jersey
When do school boards in FL have to make appointments? When do school boards in FL have to make appointments?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I sue my ex-employer for firing me when refusing to drive unsafe trucks? Can I sue my ex-employer for firing me when refusing to drive unsafe trucks?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
As his son do I have any legal standing to revoke his estranged wife&#39;s right to the decision-making process? My father had a massive stroke 8 days ago.  Two days after being admitted to the hospital he was found to be brain dead.  He did not wish to be kept on life support.  There is no health care proxy and no will.  He had been separated from his legal wife for 8 years and she is making the decision to keep him on life support.  As his son do I have any legal standing to revoke her right to the decision-making process?  -Miles B, New York	Family Questions	California
How does a right to first offer work? How does a right to first offer work?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Should I sue a motel for bed bugs if it is the second time? Should I sue a motel for bed bugs if it is the second time?	Personal Injury Questions	Texas
Can legal aid help me if I want to file bankruptcy and I am 64 and on s.s.? I want to file bankruptcy i am 64 and on s.s. l have no other income. Can legal aid help me?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Can I legally continue to occupy the dwelling without criminal charges? I have taken up residence in a vacant house that has not been visited for over two months and I would like to stay and improve the appearance of the home and neighborhood. Can I legally continue to occupy this dwelling without criminal charges?	Real Estate Questions	California
Legal to receive a promotion in your employment, but be given a pay decrease? my question is concerning employment and wages. Is it legal to receive a promotion in your employment, but be given a pay decrease instead of an increase?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What is the law regarding an American Indian in New York State? What is the law regarding an American Indian in New York State?	Family Questions	New York
Can the newspaper route make me continue with the route beyond my contract date? I signed a contract for a newspaper route on 5/11/12. The contract ends on 8/11/12. I have notified the paper that I am not interested in signing a new contract. They called me today and said that they have not filled the position yet and I will still need to continue with the route because it has not been 30 days since I gave my notice. Can they make me continue with the route beyond my contract date?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
Can an illegal immigrant from Mexico be forced to pay child support in the US? Can an illegal immigrant from Mexico be forced to pay child support in the US?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can I apply for credit while still in chapter 13? Can I apply for credit while still in chapter 13?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
If I went to court for  docket a docket date what does it mean when they set a mini docket date? If I went to court for  docket a docket date what does it mean when they set a mini docket date?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Legal if our condo board has assessed $300 in CDD taxes which we are paying to a private address? Hello,I have a condo in Punta Gorda, Fla and we have a CDD tax that is incorporated within our yearly taxes. Our condo board has assessed an additional $300.00 in CDD taxes which we are paying to a private address. Is this legal? If not what can be done? This wasn't voted on.Thank you for your time.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a drug squad come to your house and search based on someone calling them? Can a drug squad come to your house and search based on someone calling them saying there is activity going on or does it have to be a set up?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can my ex give the child support checks directly to my son who lives with me? My ex of 12 years now wants to give the child support check directly to our 21-year-old son who still lives with me and is going to be a senior in college. Can he do that? The divorce papers say I get child support until he is out of school or turns 23, whichever comes first. He keeps harassing me and telling me there isn't a judge in the world who would let me keep the money ($350 twice a month-when our divorce states every 2 weeks), but I have let that go because I don't want to deal with him. I also never asked for more as they got older...one was 4 the other 7. The older one I no longer receive support for	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can a parent take a minor&#39;s driver&#39;s license through the state if the other parent says no? Can a parent take a minor's drivers license through the state if the other parent says no?	Family Questions	Michigan
What happens if we can&#39;t stay in the same house until the divorce and one has to move out? In a divorce, the house is in my husband's name. I make the payments. What happens if we can't stay in the same house until the divorce and one has to move out?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
How can I get my 2 adopted girls on paper that their mine if my mom adopted them but live with me? My mom adopted my 2 girls. They've been living with  me 2 year's.  How can I get them on paper that their mine?	Family Questions	Colorado
What do I have to do to get a divorce and get help taking care of our daughter? My husband has left me, we have a 9-year-old daughter. I am a substitute teacher and don't get paid thru summer. We agreed to this and he has been giving me $400 weekly to pay bills. I need to know what I have to do to get divorce and get help taking care of our daughter and help with my bills if possible?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can the parent that has temporary custody take the child out of the state he resides in even for vacation? Can the parent that has temporary custody take the child out of the state he resides in even for vacation?	Family Questions	New York
Legal if the building was recently sold and gave us a 14-day notice with a refusal of security deposit? I have been renting a house for the past 2 years.  The building was recently sold and the landlord we had been renting from gave us a notice to vacate in 14 days.  Now she is refusing to return our security deposit.  Is this legal here in Pennsylvania?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If I put my name on the mortgage will I be responsible for any of my wife&#39;s past credit problems? My wife has a house with mortgage. If I put my name on it will I be responsible for any of her past credit problems?	Family Questions	New York
Is there any way I can get my divorce fast and without problems even if he chooses not to sign the papers? My husband and I have been separated for a year and I have found someone else to live my life with and wish to marry, and there is only one child in the home 12 years of age and he lives with me and has for the past year. Is there any way I can get my divorce fast and without problems even if he chooses not to sign the papers?	Family Questions	Florida
Ok for court to issue a public defender for both parties from the same county public defenders office? Is it ok for a court to issue a public defender for both parties involved from the same county public defenders office	Family Questions	New York
What to do if my wife is on probation and sent me a text that she is not coming back and has our girl? my wife is on probation and got approval to vist family in pennsylvania she also put in a transfer without my knowledge she sent me a text today telling me that she is not coming back and she has my daughter. what do i do?	Family Questions	Utah
What are my chances of me gaining full custody of my child? I have joint legal and physical shared custody of my son with his father. Our decree states that we are to pick our child up for visitation either from daycare or meet publicly, we are allowed a phone call per day at reasonable hours to talk to the child, each parent are to notify the other parent within 30 days of new address or telephone numbers. In my case the father planned to take my child out of state and never return him, when I call to speak to the child the father never answers and in some cases doesn't return the call, took him from previous daycare and not add me as a contact, has a drug problem, etc. What are my chances of me gaining full custody of my child?	Family Questions	Georgia
Parent have to pay child support when they are trying to get their SSI &amp; have no income for themselves? Does a parent have to pay child support when they are trying to get their SSI and have no income for themselves?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Change the locks to protect my belongings if spouse moved her stuff &amp; has not slept there in 2 nights? My spouse has moved her belongings from our home and has not slept there in 2 nights. Can I change the locks to protect my belongings this is in Georgia?	Family Questions	Georgia
After the birth of the child, can she sue for back child support? party lives in Alabama. child is 16 years old. paternity was never established. child showed up at "fathers" house wanting to get to know him. "father" (if he is) and mother were never married and broke up before child was born. mother is requesting money for school supplies and such. can mother sue for child support 16 yrs. After the birth of the child, can she sue for back child support?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can I be told to leave my home that I&#39;m renting if the owner sells the property in Miami by the new owner? Can I be told to leave my home that I'm renting if the owner sells the property in Miami by the new owner?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I&#39;m 17, does that make it legal for me to move out of my parents house and live with my boyfriend? I'm only 17 but I have a child. Does that make it legal for me to move out of my parents house and live with my boyfriend who is the father and is working?	Family Questions	Iowa
Is it legal in the state of Hawaii to get arrested for playing a non-amplified instrument in broad daylight? Is it legal in the state of Hawaii to get arrested for playing an non-amplified instrument in broad daylight?	Criminal Questions	Oklahoma
Can you get your parental rights back? Can you get your parental rights back?	Family Questions	California
Can I get my share of my monies from my ex&#39;s retirement and if so how do I go about this? I got a divorce 12 years ago from which I was entitled to half of his retirement. Since than he has quit and with drawn his retirement and moved on. My question is can I get my share of my monies and if so how do i go about this	Family Questions	Tennessee
How do I go about having my fiance adopt my daughter when I think her father still has rights? Hello I have a question. I'm engaged. I have a daughter by another man who is in prison and this man hasn't been in my life since I was 6 weeks pregnant. My fiance wants to adopt my daughter. I think legally her father still has rights. what should I do, or what is the best way to handle this situation. And how would I go about doing this?	Family Questions	Georgia
What does the following wording below mean in simple English? What does this mean in simple English?"At the time of closing on May 23, 2009, the State of CA HCD was not noticed that there was a Note and Security Agreement that the Seller (Linda ___} carried back on this unit (Linda is who I bought the mobile home from),  An error was made at the time of transfer and a legal owner should have been placed on title on the unit (see attached a copy of the security agreement)>  The loan is in deaful and the lender is foreclosing, but has agreed to accept a bill of sale at no value in lieu of foreclosing and cancel the Promissory Note on conveyance of the mobile house to Linda ___ and Marilyn Olson (me) vacating the mobile home prior to the closing date."	Real Estate Questions	California
Do you have to annul the first marriage before marrying them again? If you marry a person that was previously and not divorced and when you find out that their divorce is final and marry them again. Do you have to annul the first marriage before marrying them again?	Family Questions	Maryland
Where can gas motors be used versus electric? Where can gas motors be used versus electric?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New Jersey
Do I have to pay child support if my daughter&#39;s father has never supported her but wants custody now? My daughter's father has never supported her but wants custody now. Do I have to pay child support?	Family Questions	New York
If I buy a foreclosed home with the neighbor&#39;s stuff on it, will that stuff automatically become mine? If I buy a foreclosed home on the market with the neighbor's stuff on it like tractors and parts of a car will that stuff automatically become mine ? Would there be a period of notice in which they can take there stuff off the property?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What is a reasonable visitation plan that my ex should have with our kids? I have current court order for our 2 boys 7 and 8 yrs old. My ex has them; alternate weekends, all summer, all spring break and alternate holidays. I was granted an emergency restraining order for his abusive ways until our next mediation 8-13-12. What is a reasonable visitation plan that my ex should have with our kids? He lives an hour away from us.	Family Questions	California
Will I responsible for the house that I co-signed a villa for my son when it goes into foreclosure? I co-signed a villa for my son. The house will now go into foreclosure. Will I be responsible for this?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Will the courts allow my 16-year-old to go stay with her father if she wants to? I have a 16 year old who might want to go stay with her father. Will the courts allow her?	Family Questions	Virginia
Is it common law if I have been with my boyfriend for 32 years? I have been with my boyfriend for 32 years. Is it common law?	Family Questions	California
After my ex orders a DNA test, If the child came back not his does he still have to pay? My son was born 12-27-01, married 7-27-97, divorced 11-30-11. my x husband has been ordered to pay support. now he wants a DNA test to get out of support. If the child came back not his does he still have to pay?	Family Questions	Florida
If both their father &amp; I agree on terms is it possible to both go to the county office &amp; sign a change in term? I am interested in amending a child custody agreement in CO. If both their father and I agree on terms is it possible to just both go to the county office and sign a change in terms in front of a clerk and have it be good to go, or, do we have to appear before a judge?	Family Questions	Colorado
How do you get your fair share of your mom&#39;s assets if she passed and had NO will? How do you get your fair share of your mom's assets if she passed and had NO will? Also who dictates what each sibling get when there is NO will?	Family Questions	Illinois
How much is child support? How much is child support?	Family Questions	Michigan
How can I go get my son legally when he&#39;s staying with his grandmother? My son is 14 years old. He is in California with his grandmother but she has no documents to give her the right to roll him in high school there. He wants to come back here to me. How can I go get him legally?	Family Questions	Nevada
If my ex has child visitation rights am I allowed to go out of the country to travel with my daughter? If my ex has child visitation rights am I allowed to go out of the country to travel with my daughter?	Family Questions	California
Can a 17-year-old girl with a baby in MI move out and live on her own? Can a 17-year-old girl with a baby in MI move out and live on her own?	Family Questions	Michigan
Right for the grandparents to serve if I do not comply to give them primary residence? I share joint custody of my three-year-old. with his father. He spends the majority of his time there with his father,  and Grandparents.  We have never been married. His mother and grandmother are telling me that they need to change. The order is giving them Primary residence in order to be able to enroll him ( my son) in preschool. They are telling me it is required before they can enroll him. They are threatening to have me served if I do not comply. Can they do this? I think things work fine as they are. The grandparents have no custody rights and their son just still happens to live there still at age 27.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
If I remarry will I lose my social security I am getting now? If i remarry will I lose my social security I am getting now? Or if I have a paper notarized with the gentleman's signature about giving me what he wants me to have in his house if he passes away will stand up if his kids don't like it? Thank you.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Anything I can do if husband transferred house to his girlfriend&#39;s name &amp; sold without me knowing about it? I moved out of a house that my husband and I purchased from his brother. The house is in my husband's name and their is no band mortgage. He recently transferred the house to his girlfriend's name and sold it without me knowing about it. Is there anything I can do? Does he owe me money?	Family Questions	New York
Is there something I can do if my son&#39;s school won&#39;t allow him to attend Summer classes? I have a son that attends school but won't allow him to attend Summer classes to make-up failed classes. Is there something I can do?	Family Questions	Michigan
Does a will have legal property over a trust? if a person has a will and then makes a trust, which one has the legal priority after the person dies?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Are smoke detectors required by law in commercial buildings? Are smoke detectors required by law in commercial buildings for the state of New York?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Can misdemeanor be sealed from employers? Can a class b misdemeanor that was received in Texas be requested to have sealed from employers? The defended pledged guilty to avoid a long term jail time.	Criminal Questions	California
I am in the military and wondering if I can bring my carbine Mac11 to my home of record in NY? I am in the military and wondering if I can bring my carbine Mac11 to my home of record in NY?	Criminal Questions	Delaware
Will moving out of state effect changes in custody? At this time I have full custody of my son his father has only weekend visits. I will soon have to move out of state will this effect changes in custody?	Family Questions	California
Should we continue to wait for two weeks to get money back and when it&#39;s been over 30 days? In Mid-November, we made an offer on a mobile home at care free park. We paid $75 application fee and $1000 deposit on the home. They denied us on December 22nd and we have not received deposit back. We called again today (3rd call) and they said just cut our check today and we should have it by next week, if not to call back again. Can we charge them a late fee or interest rate like they would us.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Why is the executed date in the contract important? Why is the executed date in the contract important?	Consumer Questions	Kentucky
What is the penalty for filing a false police report in Illinois? What is the penalty for filing a false police report in Illinois?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
If roofers sign a paper that says they will not hold us liable, is that a legal document and would it hold up? House tentatively for sale - new owner is putting on a roof.  Papers have not been signed.  Roofers are not licensed, bonded or insured.  Who is liable if someone falls off the roof?  If roofers sign a paper that says they will not hold us liable if someone is hurt is that a legal document and would it hold up in court?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Is it now legal to have liquor shipped to Pennsylvania from other states? Is it now legal to have liquor shipped to Pennsylvania from other states? If so what is the bill number that made it legal?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
How much do I have to pay to get married? How much do I have to pay to get married?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
How can I find out what my dad said in his living trust and or will without my mom knowing? How can I find out what my dad said in his living trust and or will without my mom knowing? We don't feel she's being up front with us.	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If my mom approves to let me live with my father with no court, could she still control what I do? If my mom approves to let me live with my father but we don't go through court for it, could she still control what I do?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can I leave state with my child if I was never married to the father? Can I leave state with my child if I was never married to the father?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can I terminate my apartment lease due to roach infestation? Can I terminate my apartment lease due to roach infestation?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What can we do in regards to a bad car sale when the muffler fails a week later? My mother purchased a vehicle from Rosen Nissan 3 months ago. She took it to get an oil change and not even a week after, the muffler fails. She takes it to get fixed and they charge her $15 per her warranty. What can we do in regards to this bad sale?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Can you leave the house at 17 if you have a job, a place to live, and graduated from high school? In NY can you leave the house at 17 if you have a job, a place to live, and graduated from high school? What would happen if you do? Can your parents do anything?	Family Questions	New York
Can an ex continue to stop and manipulate when and where he sees his LEGAL son? An unwed mother and father have broken up.  As a result, the mother is very particular about when and where the father may see his son, as she does not want him with his current girlfriend (over a year now.)  He is an employed, responsible man who pays child support and his girlfriend is a school teacher (state and city certified to be with children.)  Is this legit that the ex can continue to stop and manipulate when and where he sees his LEGAL son?	Family Questions	New York
What amount of time can the owner give me legally to move out? I rent a room in a house, no contract, month to month. What amount of time can the owner give me legally to move out? Can she force me out before 30 days?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can they send put bill in collections without sending to me? I recently had services at a hospital emergency room. Before treatment, I informed by the receptionist, that if the treatment was too expensive, that I would need to set up a payment plan. I guess that's the hospital policy not to turn anyone down, so I was treated. After treatment, I went to the receptionist desk for the bill, but was told that it was alright for me to leave. I did not expect the services for free, so I waited for a bill in the mail. They never sent one and 3 months later, I received a bill from a collection agency. I have no problem in paying the bill, but can they just put the bill in collections, without sending me a copy of which I have yet to receive? This will put adverse information on my credit report.	Consumer Questions	Georgia
I am starting a lawn mowing business and I wanted to know how early in the morning I am legally allowed to start mowing? I am starting a lawn mowing business and I wanted to know how early in the morning I am legally allowed to start mowing (considering it is very loud and will wake people up)? I'm in the Atlanta, GA area (Conyers)	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Georgia
I was discharged from my employer on 11/19/11. When I arrived to work on 11/19/11, one of my co-workers (my equal) told me that I was being fired. I was fired later that day. Is there anything I can do about this information being shared with my equal before it was known to me?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Does clause for missing or damaged items protect from liability? I own a consignment business.  I became ill, a woman volunteered to work for me in exchange for discounted clothes.  I was sick for two months.  Since then, people have complained of missing and damaged items. There is a clause that says not responsible for missing or damaged items.  Am I covered?	Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Legal Questions	Illinois
How much does father&#39;s estate pay if both he and wife on equity loan but wife has deed? My father just passed away. His wife had a home equity loan for property with her name only on the deed. Is the estate responsible for completely paying off that loan? Or does she pay half and the estate pays half since she still owns the property and she and my dad were both on the loan?	Finance Questions,Legal Questions	Ohio
Can a defendant in a bench trial wear a suit and tie to trial if they are already in custody? Can a defendant in a bench trial wear a suit and tie to trial if they are already in custody?	Family Questions	Virginia
What can creditor do if using county court to collect medical bills? I have a judgement for medical bills $7000 dollars. If the creditor goes through Edmunds County Court to collect, what can they do?	Litigation Law Questions	South Dakota
Will minor charged with theft be further punished for not living with parent? I'm 16 years old living in Iowa. I  Just got in trouble for 5th degree theft and still waiting on the juvenile courts to call. My dad kicked me out though. I have many places to go that will be more then willing to support me. Will I be in extra trouble for not living home anymore?	Administrative Law Questions,Criminal Questions	Iowa
I work for a company in DC and I have health benefits with them and it is based on how many hours I work and sometimes there is no work. So I may not have medical coverage for a month or two and then it is turned back on when I work hours. Is this legal?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Maryland
Advice on why my lawyer won&#39;t sign me off on a structured settlement if been injured and out of work? I've been injured for over a year and been out of work. I have a lawyer but I feel as though I'm being treated unfair. I am extremely behind on bills so I ask him could he sign off on a structured settlement and he told me no way he can help me. I'm in a bad position and financially I'm stressed. I need some legal advice on what to do and why he wouldn't sign off on him?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
How do courts determine child support if spouse claims he does not make anything? How do the courts determine child support with joint custody when one spouse is "self-employed" and has not paid his taxes in several years. Claims he does not make anything. One spouse is a waitress who just started working a year ago and cannot support herself and the kids?	Family Questions,Tax Questions	Utah
Can creditor in Texas garnish wages? Can a creditor in the state of Texas garnish wages?	Consumer Questions	Texas
Does the state of Virginia have a term considered guardianship over a  child? Does the state of Virginia have a term considered guardianship over a  child?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can they win and can I counter sue? A lawyer called me and said that I was being sued for not paying back a loan that was wired into my bank account but I was turned down for the loan and have my credit report and bank statement that says I never got it. But they keep calling me and saying I did. Is there any way they can make me pay and could I counter sue them for harassment and using up my time?	Finance Questions,Privacy Questions	Alabama
A tenant&#39;s girlfriend moved in and isn&#39;t paying. How do I get rid of her? I own an apartment house and my tenant had his girlfriend moved in. She is not on the lease. He moved out and she will not leave and isn't paying. What can I do? I live in New York.	Real Estate Questions	New York
How to be legally incorporated as small business? What do I need to be legally incorporated as a small business?	Corporate Questions	Arizona
Will sentencing be affected if protective order obtained before next court date? My baby's dad is in jail for aggravated assault on a family member and he has a lengthy criminal record. His next court date is Oct. 6. My question is if I get a protective order on him now, will it affect his sentencing?	Criminal Questions	Texas
Can a person garnish someone&#39;s wages for a loan they will not pay that is in your name? Can a person garnish someone's wages for a loan they will not pay that is in your name?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Can tenant be evicted during Christmas week in North Las Vegas, NV? Is it true that a tenant cannot be evicted during the week of Christmas in North Las Vegas, Nevada?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
What are minimum jail sentences for child and animal abuse? What is the minimum jail sentence a person can receive for child abuse as opposed to animal abuse?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions,Government Questions	Indiana
How to appoint new custodian of trust for grandchild? How does one get another custodian appointed for a juvenile trust when the sole, original custodian dies?I am the executrix of my brother's estate. He was the sole custodian for a trust for my granddaughter, his godchild. My hope is that my daughter, the mother of the child with the trust in question, be appointed custodian. My brother lived in NJ as do I. My daughter and her child live in NH, if that is of any importance.	Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
If I can get repairs done for less than the insurance fire check, do I get to keep the balance? If I can get repairs done for less than the insurance fire check, do I get to keep the balance?  I have done the repairs, but can have them done much cheaper and better.	Personal Injury Questions	California
Is there anyway we could get our money back if the place is unlivable? We signed a lease purchase 4 yrs ago. The contract was only for 2 yrs. It has expired and we never signed a new one. The house has major sewer issues that back up into the house and the landlord says it our responsibility the fix it. We hate to walk away and lose all our money. Is there anyway we could get our money back?  We cannot afford to make the repairs. It started 3 mths after we moved in.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Legal for a physician to change his written year-long work-related diagnosis to nonwork-related diagnosis? Is it legal and professional for a physician to change his written year-long work-related diagnosis to nonwork-related diagnosis, with no new findings, just "re-reviewed"?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
What to file for father to gain full custody? I have already went to my first court proceeding with my daughter's mom on November 23 for parenting time/custody court. I have decided that I want to go for full custody and not joint custody. Is there an appeals process or motion to file with the family courts to change this? I am a father.	Family Questions	Minnesota
Can I file suit against local police for not taking action against ex-boyfriend? I have a protection order from abuse on my ex. He has violated his order by stalking & messing with my home and sitting in a parking lot adjacent from my home watching me. My local police department ignored my pleas to pick him up. Can I file suit against my local department for not doing anything?	Family Questions	Alabama
Is spouse responsible for deceased spouse&#39;s credit card debt if name not on it? When a spouse is deceased, is the other spouse responsible for paying off the deceseased person's credit card debt if their name is not on it?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	District of Columbia
Will I pay taxes on money from mother&#39;s checking account when she dies? My mother's accountant says that I will not pay any taxes upon receiving money in my mother's checking account when she dies. Is this true?She lives in Arkansas and I live in Indiana	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
How to appoint new custodian of trust for grandchild? My brother was the custodian of a trust for one of my grandchildren & his godchild. He died in August of this year. How do I go about getting a new custodian appointed? I would like to have my daughter, the mother of this grandchild become the new custodian. My brother lived in New Jersey, as do I.	Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
Is it illegal for a public gym to accuse and kick out a minor without any proof or without contacting their parents first? Is it illegal for a public gym to accuse and kick out a minor without any proof or without contacting their parents first?	Education Questions	Illinois
If the courts no longer garnish money for child support, can I get a divorce with spousal support? I had to have my husband removed from our rented condo, in Md. 9mos. ago by means of an order of protection that was over-turned due to my texting him about a job. I'm 56 and  disabled, getting only $800 a month from S.S.A. He's a crack addict, will be 50 in August and a musician as well as audio engineer in a DC nightclub,Madam's Organ. Hes living rent free with his mother and older, addict/alcoholic brothers. He hasn't helped me, financially in over one year. I've been paying $1400 a month rent and he's playing pauper  from a former marriage and hasn't filed his taxes in 3 yrs. The courts no longer garnish money for child support, Can I get a divorce with spousal support?	Family Questions	New Jersey
Can you be charged with animal neglect if the horse had been sold 3 weeks before the complaint was made? Can you be charged with animal neglect if the horse had been sold 3 weeks before the complaint was made? And can I counter-sue for harassment and Atty fees?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Can I get out of my contract if I bought a car 28 days ago but never got my w-2? I bought a car 28 days ago but was never asked for my w-2.  Can I get out of my contract?	Consumer Questions	California
How long does it take to evict a mobile home owner if they have not paid their lot rent? How long does it take to evict a mobile home owner if they have not paid their lot rent?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
When you are arrested, do they have to read you your Miranda rights and let you make a phone call? When you are arrested, do they have to read you your Miranda rights and let you make a phone call?	Criminal Questions	Oklahoma
Seller had taxes owing on business. I bought a business and learned the seller had taxes owing on business. The seller verbally agreed to allow half payments on loan due to loss caused by owed taxes . They skipped payment for one month because of sickness and is now threatening legal action to take back store. What are my options?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Minnesota
What can I do if my checking account has been frozen by a law firm in Chicago? I live in Rockford, IL. My checking account has been frozen by a law firm in Chicago, and I have no money and can not get access to my money. What can I do ?Clarise Murphy	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What to do if my house is still in pre-foreclosure and I had it up for short sale since October? My house is in pre-foreclosure, and I have had it up for short sale since October.  My real estate company has it with the investor.  We are not owned by Freddie or Fannie Mac.  What should I do at this point?	Real Estate Questions	California
In a breach of contract older than 25 years, can I still be responsible? In a breach of contract older than 25 years, can I still be responsible?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
How much trouble can my friend obtain her tags for her vehicle with a fake insurance card? My friend obtained her tags for her vehicle with a fake insurance card. How much trouble can she be in if and when she's caught?	Consumer Questions	Texas
Can my mother prevent me from taking my daughter out of state for the summer? My child's grandmother has legal guardianship of her, but it was given by choice for her protection (no social services issues or anything). I (her mother) have retained physical custody and provided financial support of her for the entire 2 plus years the order has been in affect and she has either lived with only me.  Can my mother prevent me from taking my daughter out of state for the summer? I am currently pregnant with twins that I need to be in Utah to finish the adoption process for up to 3 months, but I will not leave my daughter and she does not wanna stay with my mom. I have already started the process to terminate the guardianship, but that will take too long. What else can I do?	Family Questions	Colorado
Do I still have to pay child support if my child is 20 and has her own child with a job? If my child is 20 years of age in New York state, has her own apartment, gets a check for county, has a child, is not a student a live in boyfriend, do I still have to pay child support?	Family Questions	Michigan
What to do if my son can&#39;t see his daughter because the mother is making false accusations? Hi, my son has a daughter and the mother doesn't want him to see her or keep her. When he tries to she keeps telling the police that he abused her. She said that because he doesn't want her. She was going to make sure he stayed in jail as she want to relinquish his rights. It is not good for the child to keep seeing them and refusing to keep seeing the police every time he wants to keep her.	Family Questions	Georgia
Is there anyway that a child can move in with Divorced Parent #2 without Divorced Parent #1&#39;s consent? Let's say a set of divorced parents have one child. The child is soon to be 16. This child has lived with Parent #1 her whole life thus far. She has visited Parent #2 once a year. Is there anyway that she can move in with Parent #2 without Parent #1's consent? -Keep in mind that Parent #1 just absolutely drives the child insane... (:-	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Are retailers required to display their return/exchange policy either at shop or on receipt? Are retailers required to display their return/exchange policy either at shop or on receipt?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Need to file a complaint if attorney has not distributed funds awarded to us in three years? Need to file complaint (five parties involved) Class action? Attorney has not communicated, and has not distributed funds awarded to us. Has been going on for over three years.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Do we have to get the Civil Union dissolved before we apply for a marriage license? My boyfriend and I filed for a civil union and we now want to get married in IL. Do we have to get the Civil Union dissolved before we apply for a marriage license?	Family Questions	Illinois
In Washington state, what is the next step after a written lease has terminated and the person refuses to vacate the premises? What unlawful detainer forms have to be filed, where do I find them and what time frame must they follow?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Washington
How long can an employer legally work you without a break? On a job in the food industry where you are required to stand up over 95% of the time. How long can an employer legally work you without a break? Also, if an employee only has a 6 hour work day under the same conditions can an employer deny his/her employee a 10-15 minute break. I need to know the labor laws that pertains to those circumstances.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Does funds left over from one project be applied to another project involving work on a Florida condo building? Does funds left over from one project be applied to another project involving work on a Florida condo building? An owner said by law, funds must be returned to each owner and then reassessed.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a company charge you for the number you have with them? Can a company charge you for the number you have with them?	Consumer Questions	New York
If I file papers how long does it take to start getting support? If I file papers how long does it take to start getting support? Yes, there is a child involved.	Family Questions	California
True that there&#39;s a bill that once medical bills are over six months old he no longer has to pay them? I have a divorce decree from four years ago that states my ex is to pay half of our daughter's medical bills.  He hasn't done so in four years.  I was told by my lawyer today that a law was passed in AZ two years ago that once these bills are over six months old he no longer has to pay them.  Is this true?	Family Questions	Arizona
What do I have to do to get rid of my grand-daughter&#39;s boyfriend out of the house? My grand-daughter invited her boyfriend to stay with her and her mother for a few days as he did not have a place to stay.  This was in March.  Since that time they have tried to get him out but he refuses to leave.  On 6/26/12 she had a disagreement with him; he called her some nasty names.  Her brother heard him and threatened to kick his butt.  This so-called boyfriend called the troopers.  They told my daughter-in-law that because he has been staying there, he does not have to get out for 30 days.I own the house and I never gave him permission to stay.  In fact, I said right from the start that I did not want  him there.   I have asked him to leave but he will not.  What do I have to do to get rid of him?	Family Questions	New York
What happens when your parenting rights are terminated and are having another child? What happens when your parenting rights are terminated and are having another child? Does the state take the child or what steps can be taken to prevent it from happening?	Family Questions	New York
Must an executor hire the descendent&#39;s named attorney to accomplish probate? Must an executor hire the descendent's named attorney to accomplish probate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can the other parent take my child out this country before the court date? i filed child custody papers in San Francisco and haven't got a response yet. Can the other parent take my child out this country before the court date?	Family Questions	California
Can the association make us pay the dues again? I live in a "association"  where we have $90.00 dues every year. For a couple of years we were unable to pay those dues so they turned us into collections. We paid the collections bill and now our "association" is trying to collect for the balance that the collection agency had kept for their services. Can they make us pay that again?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
What are options in not receiving payment owed to me? I overpaid a hospital bill of $196. The hospital in California said they never received a payment so I paid twice to avoid collections. I then sent a copy of the cashed check in October 2011. They agreed to refund my overpayment but I have yet to receive a check. I have been making calls on a regular basis and was told a check was mailed 6/8/12. Still no check. What are my options?	Consumer Questions	California
What are your rights if your employer has not given the paycheck in 3 weeks? You've worked for a company for 55 hours and was to be paid, but three weeks have passed.  They've told you they mailed it but it has not arrived.  What are your rights?	Family Questions	Oregon
A friend of mine lost his wife 4 years ago and began paying off her credit cards in her name...now hard times are hitting and he asked me if they would come after him if he stopped paying for the credit card debt and whether or not this would hurt his credit ?  THANK YOU for feedback	Consumer Questions	Nevada
Will letter uphold in court? My husband has been on unemployment for a year and three months now, we have 3 daughters and he has a son that he was paying child support for. They are taking almost $500 a month, and we are barely getting by financially. His son's mom signed a letter saying she agrees to let him off of child support as long as he buys what his son needs. Will this hold up in court?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can a person who lives in another state take you to small claims court? Can a person who lives in another state take you to small claims court?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How to get custody when ex-spouse in other state? I live in IL, but my case is in IA where my kids live with their mom. I want to get custody of my kids.I feel that they would be better off with me. I have proof that they are not going to school, and my son is failing out. My ex-spouse is in an abusive relationship, arrested for domestic abuse, with no job and living with family. What should I do?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can I sue for support payments? We were together 15 years and married in church but never got around to recording it with California state. We started a business and my husband said I didn't need to work anymore and I became a stay at home wife. We were making really decent money and now my husband left. I'm having trouble making my rent. He promises to help but then changes his mind when he's mad. We've been separated but back and forth for 3 months. I found out he's been seeing a new girlfriend for 2.5 months. But lying to me about it. Can I sue for support payments? I've always been referred to as wife to everyone and never a girlfriend.	Family Questions	California
Rental and disaster damage? Our apartment flooded 2 months ago & is still not ready. We found a different place to rent but landlord refused to give us back our full deposit for damages done while we were not there. Is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Question regarding contractor with a previous felony case? I'm a contractor and I worked for sears. I had a felony when I started they knew that and accepted it 7 years later. They used the felony to not keep me.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Do they pay him $90 everyday he&#39;s in there? My friend went to jail because he had a warrant and he's in there for 33 days. Is it true that he gets paid 90 dollars everyday he's in there so it pays for his bonds?  He can get out in 10 days?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Iowa
What kind of easement documentation do I need for my protection? My sanitary sewer lateral crosses my neighbors property as it goes into the municipal main. What kind of easement documentation do I need for my protection? There is no problem with the sewer nor with my neighbor.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Wisconsin
What happens if my dog is attacked by another and other dog is hurt? What happens if I'm at a friends house and their roommate's dog attacks my dog and their dog gets hurt? The altercation lasted 30 to 45 seconds and the roommate's dog attacked three dogs in the process of bolting from the inside of the house.	Criminal Questions	Oregon
Is it legal if my dentist charged me for my medical records? My dentist charged me for my medical records. Is that legal?	Consumer Questions	Maryland
Is destruction of privaty property over $500.00 a felony in Michigan?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
After evicted by a landlord and after the 72 hours is up, is there any legal way to stay longer? after evicted by a landlord in court and after the 72 hours is up, is there any legal way to stay longer?	Real Estate Questions	New York
When you work 8 hours is it required to have at least a 15-minute break? When you work 8 hours is it required to have at least a 15-minute break?	Employment Questions	Montana
Can grandparents get visitation rights due to child negligence? Can grandparents get visitation rights to assure safety of their 2.5 year old grandchild that is being neglected by the parents. The father can't hold a job and mother has to work. He leaves the child in the crib all day because he will not wake up to attend to her soiled diapers that are causing bloody rashes. In the most recent event that occurred the child was left unattended and she escaped out of the home at 8:15 pm without anyone knowing she was missing and was found in a wooded area up the street by a woman who almost hit her with her car. The child was barefoot, soiled from head to toe, freezing and her knees scraped. When the lady took the child back home no one answered the door and lights were off. I need advice and the parents are drug users.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Is it illegal to record a phone conversation without the other party knowing? Is it illegal in the state of Colorado to record a phone conversation without the other party knowing?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Question about divorce and pension agreement? In the case of a divorce and pension agreement were final in the court of law as to the distribution of funds between divorcees, if beneficiary, ex- spouse, should die first, before employee, who gets the  deceased, (beneficiary) expected amount?	Family Questions	Texas
Is the Power of Attorney in a family, the only one to make medical decisions? Is the Power of Attorney in a family, the only one to make medical decisions?	Family Questions	Florida
Do I give the deposit back if the potential renter changed her mind? I am renting my room and a potential renter was interested and gave me a deposit.  She then called and said that she changed her mind about moving in.  Do I give the deposit back?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can a homeowner association go over the rules with a renter then deny them? Can a homeowner association go over the rules with a renter then deny them?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question about cell phone privacy in the workforce? Can an employer make you place your co-workers cell phone numbers in your personal cell phone and call them when your not coming in?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Can you get alimony if you work part-time? Can you get alimony if you work part-time?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Can a personal injury civil settlement be included as marital assets during a divorce in the State of Nevada? Can a personal injury civil settlement be included as marital assets during a divorce in the State of Nevada?	Family Questions	Nevada
if I retain an attorney for a real estate closing who do they represent: me, the lender, or both? In Massachusetts if I retain an attorney for a real estate closing who do they represent, me, the lender, or both?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Are the legal limits to leases restricted to just the written agreement? I have a rental property in Grand Junction Co, my wife drove by and noticed that the front room blinds are destroyed and that the lawn in died. In our lease agreement, we noted that the renters had to notify us of any damages to our property-this did not happen. What can we do? If we give them a notice to fix the issues, how long do we have to give them? Are the legal limits to leases restricted to just the written agreement? In other wards, can we take action that is not mentioned in the lease agreement?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Do I have a case to hold on the landlord for the compensation and damage? I rent a apartment. My apartment was water damage from the toilet The apartment is not livable condition. The landlord just pay rent credits. He does not want to pay any  compensation and furniture damage. Do I have a case to hold on him for the compensation and damage?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is the statue of limitations of court ordered garnishments? What is the statue of limitations of court ordered garnishments in the state of Maryland?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If a contract has already been accepted, is it legal for a seller to refuse to close on a house? If a contract has already been accepted, is it legal for a seller to refuse to close on a house because they do not like the type of financing the buyer has?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Question about paying the landlord? Bank that owns the note on the house I rent is asking me to pay them, LL is demanding I pay him.  There is a notice of pendancy of action on file with the Recorder's office, a case in US District Court has denied the petition of my LL for the foreclosure dismissal, but my LL is still listed as the owner with the Assessor's office.He is threatening that since he is listed with the Assessor, that he is still the legal owner in the eyes of the law.  I need to know whom to pay?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
How long does it usually take to actually be evicted from your house? How long does it usually take to actually be evicted from your house?	Real Estate Questions	Rhode Island
Can a non-exempt employee be forced to work in two separated job centers? Can a non-exempt employee be forced to work in two separated job centers? When the were hire for only one and they are completely unrelated.	Employment Questions	Colorado
if your divorce is filed is there a paper that your spouse can sign saying you can marry someone else? if your divorce is filed is there a paper that your spouse can sign saying you can marry someone else while technically still being married	Family Questions	Georgia
Is it right of lease if the owner makes profit at gas pump for selling gas but on the lease it says me? I lease convenient store and owner make profit at gas pump for selling gas but on the lease He said I lease gas pump and tank.  Is that right of lease	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Oregon
Is there exposure if payments reported to credit bureaus after one year? I have been making on-time payments for a payday loan. Not one of my best decisions, I was assured the on-time payments would be reported to the three major credit bureaus. After almost a year, they have reported the positive information. I'm wondering if there is an exposure here?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Finance Questions	Texas
In buying a used car does 3-day cancelling period apply? In buying a used car does 3-day cancelling period apply?	Consumer Questions	Connecticut
Can the company pay me a percentage of the two difference pays? I'm a supervisor that gets paid hourly and if I work overtime because one of my employee's didn't come in to work. Can the company pay me a percentage of the two difference pays nor are they to pay me the time and a half that I thought I should get?	Employment Questions	Tennessee
Is it possible to restrict the biological father from having any and all rights to our daughter? I am a single mother of a 9 month old child. The father is not on the birth certificate. However, we did establish that he is the biological father through court. He is currently paying child support. I have reason to believe that he is not a fit father. Is it possible to restrict him from having any and all rights to her?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
Is the writ of garnishment valid if I never was issued a summon to appear in court for a police official? I received a writ of garnishment. I never was issued a summon to appear in court for a police official, and it says they have judgement against me. the credit debt is from 1993 which is incorrect, the acct was opened around 2001 which also tells me the court records are incorrect. the acct was open me and my girl friend. We were no longer together for many years. I also know if a delinquent acct is over so many years (pass the statute of limitations) . Is the writ of garnishment valid?	Consumer Questions	Florida
How to put father&#39;s name on original birth certificate? How to get father's name on original birth certificate which was left blank?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
What is the law in regards to breaks during a 10-hour work shift? What is the law in regards to breaks during a 10-hour work shift?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What do I do if the police destroyed my house without a warrant? The police came to my home in search of a person but did not show a warrant and they ended up destroying my home and destroyed things that they didn't need to do.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can a landlord go to a tenant&#39;s work and talk to their supervisor about the rent issue? Can a Landlord go to a tenant's place of work and talk to him or his supervisor about the rent issue ?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What to do if we have a signed agreement to purchase our home and they want to back out but approved? We have a signed real estate agreement for them to purchase our home and they want to back out but are already approved by bank?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
If I come into work and I am sent home due to no fault of my own (systems are down), am I entitled to be payed for the whole or any portion of that day. This is now the 4th day in a row this has happened. I am in that state of colorado	Employment Questions	Colorado
Question considering the validity of my husband doing their divorce online and create account for our child? My husband and his ex did their own divorce on line and filed papers through the court. My husband had agre'd that he would have a savings account for the daughter where he would put 15% of his 1 time a year bonus into and him and his ex would agree on how it would be spent for the child. Can the court hold him to that? He had no legal advise when drawing up his own papers and the ex is trying to get him for contempt because he doesn't have all of the money in his daughters savings account.	Family Questions	California
Can I do anything about second-hand smoking in the workforce? I have breathing problems from breathing with second hand smoke at my job. Can I do anything about it?	Employment Questions	California
Can a landlord evict a tenant because they got into an argument with me in the past? My former landlord has told me I am not going to be able to be put on my girlfriend's lease (who shares the same landlord currently, who was my former landlord) for the same realty company. Because of a personal vendetta this landlord has with me, she has informed me that they will be giving us a30 day eviction noticebecause she does not want me to live in one of her rental properties. She is a rental manager for a rental company who is telling me she refuses to rent to me because of a verbal argument we had ending our last rental agreement. I live in the state of Virginia.  Is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Legal if my employer asked that I pay for my birthing cost in advance? I am 35 weeks pregnant.  My employer has asked that I pay for my birthing cost in advance.  Is this legal?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How long does one have to contest a will in Austria? How long does one have to contest a will in Austria? What happens if the will was notarized?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
My mother left me her house when she passed away last year. In the will, she states that her husband could stay in the house until he passed away or unless he cohabitates or remarries or abandons the property. In MS, how long of a time period has to pass before it is considered abandoned?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Mississippi
Will it be hard for me to get a divorce if we have a little girl? Will it be hard for me to get a divorce if we have a little girl?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How to prevent fiance&#39;s ex from attaching incomes? My fiance and I live in Massachusetts. We want to get married, but are worried his ex girlfriend who is the mother of his 2 children will try and attach my income to his. I own my own business and don't make a lot of money. Are there any laws to protect us?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Is there any recourse I can take if my refinance was declined for lien validity? BOA refinance was declined for lien validity & I told I would get an app fee back closing at 400 dollars. I satisfied every request they had credit score at 782.  Is there any recourse I can take? Thank you, Glen.	Finance Questions	North Carolina
Is there anything I can do to settle this for a portion of what I owe without going totally bankrupt since my mortgage? In December 2011 I voluntarily surrendered my 2004 Chrysler as I was behind on payments and was being harassed by my credit union.  Now I have been told that I owe over $5,300 even after they have sold it.  I cannot afford that since I couldn't even afford the total payment - never missed a payment however.  Is there anything I can do to settle this for a portion of what I owe without going totally bankrupt since my mortgage? A Visa card (not active) is also with this credit union and I don't want to ruin my credit.  Thanks in advance for your help.	Consumer Questions	Florida
I have to wait a certain amount of time before I can reapply on visitors visa? i have been denied for humanitarian visa to come to the U.S. Do I have to wait a certain amount of time before I can reapply on visitors visa?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What would I have to do in order to let my ex-girlfriend&#39;s husband adopt her to where I do not have to pay child support or anything for the child? I fathered a child with my ex-girlfriend while living in Virginia. She has since then gotten married and I have moved to Texas. Her husband wants to adopt the child. What would I have to do in order to let him adopt her to where I do not have to pay child support or anything for the child? The child doesn't really know me but she does know her mother's husband. Any information would be very helpful. Thank you	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Is plea agreement signed by judge and DA legally binding? I made a plea agreement with the court and they have accepted it and it was signed by a judge and the district attorney. Can they back out on it? Is it legally binding?	Legal Questions	Colorado
Is Parkour legal in New York? Is Parkour legal in New York?	Criminal Questions	New York
How do I get my belongings that my wife has in the house? hello, I am separated from my wife as of 1 week. All I have is my clothes. My personal items are in the house and she is not letting me have them. There are no types of court orders involved. What do I do?	Family Questions	Florida
Is gym agreement legal if underage at time of signing but turn 18 shortly after? Is it illegal for a 17 year old to sign a 1 year agreement at a gym? They never told me it was a one year agreement and I have not paid since 6/24 but I turned 18 July 2nd? But I signed up around May. Can I get out of this?	Contract Questions	Louisiana
Does a 14-year-old have any legal rights to leave his parent&#39;(s) home to live with his grandparent? Does a 14-year-old have any legal rights to leave his parent(s) home to live with his grandparent in the state of Indiana?	Family Questions	Indiana
My child&#39;s father doesn&#39;t want to be a part of its life or mine. So I want to have full custody. He won&#39;t cooperate with me to get it. How can I gain full custody without his cooperation?	Family Questions	Illinois
Question regarding a divorce if my wife has relocated to GA? I am a 29 year old male who was married for eight years. I live in Virginia and my wife has relocated to Georgia. I pay her 200 dollars per month in child support as well as any of my daughter's medical bills that have come to my address. After she left I also made current all of the rent and utilities that were past due. We also have over $10,000 worth of credit card debt that I have been paying alone since she left. I'm aware that I can't file for a divorce in Virginia until we have been separated for a year however I need to know how I can make sure that if she files for divorce in Georgia, I'm not being hung out to dry.	Family Questions	Virginia
How many days can I stay at my place after the landlord tells me to leave? If I am renting a place, and the landlord lied and wants me out, do they have to serve me some type of paper work? Can the just text me and say get out in so many days.How many days can I stay at my place after he tells me to leave?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I have any legal claim on the house I built for my girlfriend 10 years ago? I built a house for my girlfriend 10 years ago. She died 4 months ago. My name is not on deed. Do I have any legal claim of it? We had been together 21 years.	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
What do I do if my family housing is charging me $2140 and won&#39;t do a payment plan? I live in family housing and I did not tell them timely about change of income. I was never behind on my rent and they are charging me $2,140 and they won't do a payment plan. What do I do?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
If you work over 40 hours a week are you entitled to time and half? Live in Pa.  If you work over 40 hours a week are you entitled to time and half?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I travel outside of US with writ of bodily attachment? Can I travel outside the US when there is an active Writ of Bodily Attachment in Indiana against me?	Criminal Questions	California
Can a ex-employer kick me out of their business because I quit?	Employment Questions	New York
How do I determine in which court to file? I was hit twice in an auto accident on February 6, 2010 on the 405 freeway just south of LAX. I have no liability. 21st Century Insurance represents the people who rear-ended me. They have split the liability 75%/25% between their two insureds, a fact I wasn't made aware of until just a few months ago. Now they claim they need more time to review additional medical information before offering an appropriate settlement so I must file a summons and complaint in the court of appropriate jurisdiction prior to Feb. 6, 2012.How do I determine in which court to file? Can I do it online as I now live in Michigan? What are the costs? How long does it take?Please email your answer to:&#x63;&#x6c;&#115;&#x68;&#101;&#114;&#119;&#111;&#x6f;&#100;&#x37;&#x30;&#55;&#x40;&#121;&#x61;&#x68;&#x6f;&#x6f;&#x2e;&#99;&#x6f;&#109;Thank you	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
What to do if my current landlords are going through a divorce and are telling us differently about eviction? My current landlords are going thru a divorce and he is telling us we have to leave and she is telling us we can stay. The home is in both their names and we have a month to month lease. We do not know what to do and what rights we have.	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
Legal for a company not to pay for mileage? I work for a home health care agency for people with developmental disabilities. The company does not pay mileage even though we are required to turn in mileage forms and they also do not pay overtime they also shorted my check of 10 hours and have been giving me the run around for over a month. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Are employers obligated to pay out PTO when an employee leaves the company? Are employers obligated to pay out PTO when an employee leaves the company?	Employment Questions	Colorado
How can I change my children&#39;s last names? How can I change my children's last names?	Family Questions	California
How to file Brady rule in South Carolina? How do you file Brady rule in South Carolina?	Criminal Questions	South Carolina
How do I file for an annulment? How do I file for an annulment?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Is my work allowed to blame my fall on attire? I fell at work and injured my knee, which will soon lead to surgery. I tripped over some strap left on the floor. I wear goth "tripp" pants, and I found out later that my boss tried to blame my fall on my pants. Suddenly a new "osha" approved dress code has been implemented. He says its not related to my fall. I have worked here for three years and I have been wearing the pants the whole time, with no falls. My question is are they allowed to do this, after so long? Especially right after my fall?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Help on someone opening an UTMA policy and fraud in using my 5-year-old SS#? I need help on someone opening an UTMA policy and fraud in using my 5-year-old SS#?	Consumer Questions	Louisiana
I run the sales department of an automobile dealer. I received a direct mail solicitation from a competitor and liked the content. What copyright protection is there on the letter? Can I copy it verbatim (changing company information, of course) or do I need to re-write the letter?	Copyright Questions	Florida
What should I do if I went bankrupt &amp; recently got a notice for Condominium Assoc that I owe fees? I went bankrupt about 2 years ago and recently got a notice for Condominium Assoc that I owe fees which they say I owe and was put in the bankrupt. What should I do?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can someone get child custody if you were not sent court papers? How can someone get custody of your kids when you were not even at court and was not sent court papers?	Family Questions	Ohio
What to do if I wasn&#39;t served for custody court hearing date, so the father was awarded custody? What to do if I wasn't served for custody court hearing date, so the father was awarded custody?	Family Questions	Mississippi
If security targets you and then use subterfuge to make employees not help, are they acting as a mob? If security in a store targets you and then use subterfuge to make employees not help you are they acting as a mob? This also involves preventing you from shopping without harassing you by posting a guard everywhere you go.  Never arrested	Consumer Questions	California
What is my chance/chances of winning a lawsuit against my employer for unpaid raise due to me after been promoted? What is my chance/chances of winning a lawsuit against my employer for unpaid raise due to me after been promoted, and acted in the capacity of my new position for 3 months only to be paid for one month worth of retro raise. It is over six month now since my promotion.	Employment Questions	Georgia
Without rental contract does the owner have the right to charge rent at his rate? Without rental contract does the owner have the right to charge rent at his rate rather than the rate established by Section 8 when he cancelled the proceedings before the contract was completed?	Real Estate Questions	California
I have a life estate on a home that my son owns. It has a first mortgage. He needs to borrow on a second mortgage. He can afford the payments on the first mortgage. My question is: if he borrows and cannot make the payments on the second mortgage and they foreclose, do I lose my life estate?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Can I leave my parent&#39;s house at 17? Can I leave my parent's house at 17?	Family Questions	Alabama
Does signer on mortgage loan need to assume after other signer dies? My dad passed away over 5 years ago and now Chase is requesting my mom assume the mortgage loan.  Why would she need to assume the loan when she is already a signer on the loan?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Kansas
Is it illegal to stake a horse out on your property in Arkansas? Is it illegal to stake a horse out on your property in Arkansas?	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
Can I be laid off because of a back injury that happened 10 years ago? If I was hurt on a job 10 yrs ago resulting in a back injury, and after 10 years, my employer lays me off, is there anything I can to challenge the lay off?	Employment Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
If my son is sick &amp; is left alone for 4+ hours while it is his dad&#39;s turn to have him, is this considered neglect? I live in NY. I share custody of my 12 year old son with his father. If my son is sick (over 101 fever) and is left alone for 4+ hours while it is his dad's turn to have him, is this considered neglect? Do I have a right to pick up my son to take care of him until his father is available again?	Family Questions	New York
Can my wife get maintenance support after leaving me ten years ago and now she wants a divorce?	Family Questions	Colorado
Does it violate separation of church and state if the court required that I read &quot;Heaven is for Real&quot;? I went to court today, and one of the conditions I have to meet is to read the book "Heaven is for Real". Does this violate separation of church and state?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
With final paychecks and termination, does the fifteen days include weekends? According to Louisiana Law, if an employee is fired, there is a fifteen day time frame involved regarding the final paycheck.  Does the fifteen days include weekends?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
is it legal to possess a fuel alcohol still in Maine? is it legal to possess a fuel alcohol still in Maine? If so what permits are needed?	Consumer Questions	Maine
Can I subpoena my ex&#39;s bank accounts and can this be accomplished before I file my Closing Argument? My Divorce Judgment granted me a certain amount of child support and maintenance in 2010; My ex is self employed. I am tapped out financially and enlisted the Illinois State's Atty to help claim the arrearages of $58,000.00 plus.  The State's attorney was not forceful and consented to a $22.00 per week payment on arrearages, which will never get that balance reduced! Now my ex is petitioning to stop maintenance completely and the Judge (McHenry County Illinois) said I am to draft my own Closing Argument and mail to exes attorney and file with the court by August 10th.  Can I subpoena my exes bank accounts (he has 3!) and can this be accomplished before I file my Closing Argument (I wasn't given much time for this)?  Thank you in advance.	Family Questions	Illinois
How much will probate atty cost in JACKSONVILLE, FL? How much will probate atty cost in JACKSONVILLE FL? Have a will all assets go  to wife.  No children, no contest.  Have right of survivorship on all bank accounts.  Have homestead home value 80,000, owe 25000.00.  Deceased has 1 1993 Ford F-150, 1 1994 Yamaha virago motorcycle, neither run. Has a 900 dollar trailer, has 1 acct with 540.00 in own name.  Funeral is paid for.  Medical expenses prob. less then 2000.00.  Personal property.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What is the statue of limitations in Colorado for trespassing? What is the statue of limitations in Colorado for trespassing?	Criminal Questions	California
Help with foreclosure with forebearance plan. I'm looking for help with a foreclosure on my home. Bank says they didn't give me a forebearance plan when they did. Don't think I have much of a chance without legal help!!!	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Could the courts force me to take the niece&#39;s children in case she loses them when her parents are unfit? I married a man 17 years ago without knowing much about his family.  I have since found out his mother has mental issues and has been in  a facility at times.  His middle brother has 6 kids by two women who are mentally deficient,  and the kids all have major issues. I am 62 and in frail emotional health myself.  My question is,  one of the nieces has 2 children by marriage,  and she has  mental disabilities.  One of her babies has been temporarily taken away from her and given to her parents,  who are not fit parents as well as fit grandparents.  I can't deal with this family and it could cost me my marriage.  Could the courts force me and my husband to take the nieces children in case she loses them since her parents are unfit themselves?	Family Questions	California
Is there a 3-day law in GA where you can return the car to the used dealership if the car has issues? Is there a 3-day law in GA where you can return the car to the used dealership if the car has issues?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Does the lease agreement have to be signed every year or is it automatic renewal? In the state of Florida, does therental lease agreementhave to be signed every year or does it automatic renew it self without a notice?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How long can a 15-year-old work daily in Illinois? How long can a 15-year-old work daily in Illinois?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How fast can I set up a business in a free zone in the UAE as an offshore branch? How fast can I set up a business in a free zone in the UAE as an offshore branch?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	03
What is the exception (section 7k) to the Fair Labor Standards Act for law enforcement entities? What is the exception (section 7k) to the Fair Labor Standards Act for law enforcement entities?  Does this mean that an employer can consistently schedule employees for 171 hours in every 4 week period of time?	Employment Questions	Colorado
What do I do if I purchased an uncomfortable chair and would charge me 25% of $2000 if i return it? I am a 72 year old handicapped woman. I purchased a lift chair from a furniture store. the chair is very painful to my body. i asked the store about returning the chair, they said I would be charged 25% of 2,000 dollars. What do I do?	Consumer Questions	California
When did the Punitive Father Registry come into existence? When did the Punitive Father Registry come into existence?	Family Questions	Illinois
In NC can a landlord take possession of property or search your residence? In NC can a landlord take possession of property or search your residence?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Can a person request dual power of atty in order to sell property of the person who has a stroke and in the hospital?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Maryland
Do I need a lawyer for a Summons for Summary Case that is Non-Traffic? Do I need a lawyer for a Summons for Summary Case that is Non-Traffic?I already sent in my fine and I pleaded not guilty.Arnold J. Inzko	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I get full custody of my child from my ex who is not on the birth certificate? My ex-boyfriend is on my child birth certificate and have custody of her but is not her biological father.  How can I get full custody of my child from him?	Family Questions	District of Columbia
Question regarding spreading rumors? Someone is saying i did something that never happened and could end up very bad if they keep spreading the rumors around i need to stop it.	Family Questions	Missouri
Can NY start child support until child is 21? KY court ordered child support ended. The child is 19 and graduated high school. Can NY start child support until child is 21?	Family Questions	California
Can a non licensed assistant call expired &amp; set appointments for the broker like a telemarketer? Can a non licensed person/assistant call expired's and f.s.b.o.'s and set appointments for the salesperson/broker like a telemarketer?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Question if I got my paycheck and found a wage garnishment on it? I got my paycheck and found a wage garnishment on it. I didn't get a letter or get a chance to go to court over it. I can't afford to live as it is.	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Legal if I am moving out on Aug 26 and would like to be prorated the 5 days I am not there? I am renting from University associated apartment homes.  There was a confusion when I moved in a year ago, and because they thought I was a Graduate student (while I am an undergraduate), they are just now telling me i need a cosigner or I have to move out.  I do not have access to a cosigner so i have to move out.  I am already giving up my security deposit, because I am moving out before my term is over.  My question is: I am moving out Aug. 26 (rather than Sept 1), and would like to be prorated the 5 days i am not there. is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	California
How to get jewelry returned when unable to contact designer? How do you get a repaired piece of jewel back from the designer/merchant? She has no phone and no website. This designer hardly responds to my request that the necklace be returned. Although promised to be returned, it has been 4 months. Without emailing her everyday, how do I get my jewelry back?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Legal Questions	Illinois
What are procedures when a returned check for less than $20 is turned over to the sheriff&#39;s dept? What are procedures when a returned check for less than $20 is turned over to the sheriff's dept in the state of VA?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Would me living with someone going through a child custody case cause her to lose her kids? I'm currently dating a lady who is going through a child custody case.  Would me living with her cause her to lose her kids?	Family Questions	Alabama
How can i get myself into custody court without a lawyer as I need to get a date set? How can i get myself into custody court without a lawyer as I need to get a date set?	Family Questions	Arkansas
If I have my kids And their father abandoned them do I have to let him see them? If I have my kids and their father abandoned them do I have to let him see them?	Family Questions	West Virginia
How can i take a case back to court cause I didn&#39;t have  any access to any law info while locked up? How can i take a case back to court cause I didn't have  any access to any law info while locked up?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
How much does a divorce cost in Monroe County Rochester NY? How much does a divorce cost in Monroe County Rochester NY? how long does it take? We don't have any assets to split up other than his 401k? I would say it is a no contest divorce.	Family Questions	New York
What are the Massachusetts Blue Laws for licensed pharmacists who work part time? What are the Massachusetts Blue Laws for licensed pharmacists who work part time? Is holiday pay based on average hours or paid as 8 hours?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can I sue the auto shop if an employee made a mistake and caused my engine to blow? My car was put in the shop to get an art replaced. While in their possession an employee made a mistake and caused my engine to blow. It's completely their fault. Can I sue them?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
In Central Illinois, what is usual amount for childcare (in divorce)? In Central Illinois, what is usual amount for childcare (in divorce): one child who has a half brother; mother makes approx. $50,000 year; father physician in another state?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can we have our marriage annulled since it&#39;s never been consummated? I live in Oregon and got married 9/10/11.  I'm wondering if we can have it annulled since it's never been consummated?	Family Questions	Oregon
What are Oklahoma laws on time traveled during work hours? What are Oklahoma laws on time traveled during work hours? For example: I drive to Norman once a week for a doctors clinic and them I'm required to drive to Edmond that same day for clinic in the afternoon. I know I cannot be paid for drive time to Norman but what about the drive time from Norman to Edmond?	Employment Questions	Oklahoma
Is a contract legal if one of the agreeing partners sign?	Contract Questions	North Carolina
What can I do if Sears refuses to fix my refrigerator under warranty? I call Sears to fix my refrigerator. The repairman stayed 7 mins then when I call him back he refuse to fix it.  Now Sears said we were abusive. Now Sears want to give us a refund on the warranty and leave us with a broken refrigerator because the service manager said they would not go back out there to fix it. What can I do?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Sue for a portion of my husband&#39;s retirement benefits? I was Sued by husband for divorce 10 years ago, we were childless, husband was federal employee, I chose to not hire an attorney hoping to win him back, but the divorce was final within months of our 10th wedding anniversary.  It was not until after the divorce I learned had we been married 10 years I would be eligible for part of his retirement benefits.  I have never remarried and want to sue for a portion of the retirement benefits. Is there precedence for such a lawsuit?  What is the possibility of being successful?	Family Questions	Maryland
Can a 17-year-old  move out of their parents&#39; residence without their permission? Can a 17-year-old  move out of their parents' residence without their permission?	Family Questions	Michigan
if my daughter&#39;s father got deported, is the custody agreement still valid or do I have to go modify it? if my daughter's father got deported, is the custody/parenting agreement still valid or do I have to go modify it?	Family Questions	Illinois
If my wife was hurt at Walmart and refuses to fill out an accident form, what can we do? My wife was hurt at Walmart on a Friday. No manager knew what to do the so she went to the ER. On Monday when she went to work, HR said they cannot help her and she had to see the store manager. The store manager accused her of faking, threatened her with a drug test and nothing happened all day. They would not fill out an accident form. How can they ignore this situation?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can underage grandchild return to mother without court order? I have custody of a grandchild since she was 7 years old. She is turning 15 in July & she is under the impression she can just go back to her mom without a court order is this right?  We live in Florida.	Family Questions	Florida
Am I eligible for widows pension benefits at age 41? Am I eligible for widows pension benefits at age 41?	Family Questions	Arkansas
What is FL&#39;s common law marriage? What is FL's common law marriage?	Family Questions	Florida
Is father allowed to contact school for updates on children? The mother has full custody of her two children & the court ordered parenting plan. The father has been contacting the school and the teacher has been communicating with him and sending him reports. Is he allowed to do this?The mother has control over everything including education.	Family Questions	West Virginia
What to do if my life partner got into some legal troubles and now the landlord wants her out? My life partner who has been staying with me for years got into some legal problems and  our landlord will not let her stay in our apartment. We have no written lease what can I do she hasn't been to court yet.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How can you stop foreclosure from Tax Ease? How can you stop foreclosure from Tax Ease?	Tax Questions	Kentucky
Need to know how to get my kids back? Need to know how to get my kids back?	Family Questions	Missouri
What to do if I was caught shoplifting and sued for $1000 but currently unemployed? I was caught shoplifting from Gordman's in Fairview IL. My parents are being sued for $1000, even though all of the merchandise was returned without and damage. I am currently unemployed, and so is my mother whom I live with. We are living on her unemployment and child support. What can we do?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Am I eligible for unemployment if I was on a medical leave and didn&#39;t return to work? Am I eligible for unemployment if I was on a medical leave and didn't return to work?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
If someone wants to open a private gym in Los Angeles, what are the legal requirements? If someone wants to open a private gym in Los Angeles, what are the legal requirements?Do they need a business license and to register their business and additionally, do they need any extra permits?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
How to establish if a work place area time ruling is abusive? How to establish if a work place area time ruling is abusive?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Part of neighbor&#39;s home and property on my land. My neighbors home got foreclosed on and now a financial company owns it and after I had my land resurveyed, I find out the corner of his house and all of his driveway and some of a fence is on my land. I feel like I been stole from. What can I do? I would like to sue someone. What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Can I keep my divorce records sealed so they do not show up on any internet search?	Family Questions,Privacy Questions	North Carolina
What can I do to prevent the father from taking my son there until the court decides who has what? I have a temporary child custody agreement in the state of Florida which states that we will have shared parental responsibility.  We had a hearing which a magistrate had is recommendations and I objected to his recommendations.  A court date has been set for October 8, 2012.  My son is four years old.  I am not in agreement with the school his father wants him to attend.  That school begins on Monday.  I found out yesterday that it is not a certified VPK school.  What can I do to prevent his father from taking him there until the court decides who has what as far as custody is concerned?  I feel that my son is so far behind and if his father gets his way, he will only get farther behind.	Family Questions	Florida
Do I have a case against an ER doctor if they were misleading? I went to the ER a couple weeks earlier in serious pain but the ER doctor hardly looked at me and asked what kind of pain pills I wanted. And then I turn around and go to my doctor the following day and come to find out I am going to have to have my gall bladder removed. Do you think i have a case against the ER doctor?	Personal Injury Questions	Oklahoma
Sue if the workers told me to position a certain way and I got almost got hurt because of it? I attended six flags hurricane harbor yesterday and I went on a water ride that was a big tube that has twists and turns. They told me to position my hands a certain way and cross my legs at the ankles. Iproceeded to do so as I went down the slide. The tube twisted and turned and it twisted me into a position in which i got the skin close to my elbows burnt off. Is there any legal action that can be taken?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Do the restrictions apply to veterans who sell general merchandise or veterans who sell food for vendors? General business 35a was amended in 3/2004. Do the restrictions listed in this law apply to veterans who sell general merchandise or veterans who sell food  or are the restrictions for both type of vendors?  Thank you Michael Falco disabled Vietnam veteran	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
If a person is violating the court order, how can I stop him? If a person is violating the court order, how can I stop him?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
How can you get the retaining fee back of any unused portions &amp; fire lawyer for their incompetent services? If you have an attorney already and they are not doing anything for you and you have already paid them a retaining fee, how can you get the retaining fee back of any unused portions and fire them for their services?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there a labor law in regards to payment for a mandatory meeting? Is there a labor law in regards to payment for a mandatory meeting?	Employment Questions	New Hampshire
is it legal for an employer to hold your last paycheck after you have been terminated by them? is it legal for an employer to hold your last paycheck after you have been terminated by them?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
If child support services suspend my license, how could I get them back? If child support services suspend my license, how could I get them back?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Question regarding My daughter&#39;s real father denying that he is the father and removing his name? My daughter's real father is denying that he is the father. My fiance wants to put his name on the birth certificate because there is no name on there. Can I do that without having to contact the bio father?	Family Questions	Utah
Help if I am disabled and I need a lawyer to help me with a bankruptcy case? I am disabled and I need a lawyer to help me with a bankruptcy case. I only make so much a month. How do I get help?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Question regarding purchasing a truck? I purchased a 2003 truck on Aug. 26, 2012. The lot brought it and has had it every since day one working on it. I think it's a lemon. What can I do?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Is there any legal rights the father may have to be able to have the child live with him solely? I have a child who is 13 and wants to live with someone who is not her biological father, but have done more than 10 years parental support for her.  He was never married to her mother.  Is there any legal rights he may have to be able to have her live with him solely?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it unlawful in NV for an employer to take pictures of employees without consent for disciplinary actions? Is it unlawful in Nevada for an employer to take pictures of employees without consent for disciplinary actions?	Employment Questions	Nevada
What can I do to protect my children and myself from any of my estranged husband&#39;s financial obligations? My husband left me and our children a little over a year ago. He hasn't helped in any way financially. We are still legally married; no separation or divorce - and I have moved to Colorado from California. Also, he has recently been diagnosed with stage 4 bladder cancer that has spread to other organs. What can I do to protect my children and myself from any of his financial obligations? And where can I go from here?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can a doctor&#39;s office assess finance charges for a current bill owed? Can a doctor's office assess finance charges for a current bill owed?  State of Florida-primary insurance applied to deductible and I am making monthly payments, and they are charging finance charges.  Thank you.	Consumer Questions	Florida
How can I get the deed of my late mother&#39;s property in my name even though there wasn&#39;t a will? My mother passed away in February 2012 and she didn't have a will. She has a home on an acre of land and she didn't have a will. How can I get the deed of this property in my name even though there wasn't a will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is there any way to keep your ex&#39;s abusive boyfriend away from your son? Is there any way to keep your ex's abusive boyfriend away from your son?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Is there a way to get at least half of my federal income tax return when it is taken by the child support agency? Is there a way to get at least half of my federal income tax return when it is taken by the child support agency?	Family Questions	Michigan
Is there anything a consumer can do after purchasing a used car and then realizing they didn&#39;t want the car? In Colorado, is there anything a consumer can do after purchasing a used car and then realizing they didn't want the car?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
Am I able to emancipate my daughter without going to court? I want to emancipate my daughter. Am I able to do this without going to court?	Family Questions	California
What to do if I have a right for things be kept confidential when talking to a nurse? i work in a healthcare facility. A resident confided in me that a nurse had given her a cigarette and wanted me to take her outside. I had to report it which I asked my name to be be confidential which it was not. It got around the nursing home and back to the resident. I feel I don't I have a right for things be kept confidential?	Employment Questions	New York
Is it the homeowner&#39;s responsibility since the city hooked us up to the sewage in the first place? 14 years ago a block of mobile homes were set up on a street where there was no sewage line.  The city tapped all three mobile homes on one line, due to lack of funds.  Now all three homes are experiencing tremendous problems.  All homes smells like feces majority of the time.  After checking under the porch of one home, there was a waste pile, while the other has waste backing up out the bath tub .  The city tells us to dig a septic tank and put a pump to pump to the sewer at the homeowner's expense.  Is this the homeowner's responsibility since the city hooked us up to the sewage in the first place?  And, the sewer is running uphill.  Waste don't flow uphill, nothing does.  Please help us.	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Why do I still have to pay child support if my ex wife is evading  the visitation? Why do I still have to pay child support if my ex wife is evading  the visitation?	Family Questions	New York
If I want to see a will that has not been recorded that I am in, how do I do that? i want to see a will that has not been recorded that I am in. How do I do that?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Appoint my brother as my substitute if I&#39;m unable to perform my duties as I have POA for my mother? I have durable power of attorney for my mother.  Can I appoint my brother as my substitute, to on my behalf, if I am unable to perform my duties?  If so, how?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Minnesota
If one of us moves to another state when my wife is separated, is that okay? I live in Florida. My wife and I are separated. If one of us moves to another state is that okay?	Family Questions	Florida
My son signed a lease in NC for 9 mos. He got 1 month behind. There was a note on his door saying by close of business tomorrow, he needs to pay up to date or being evicted. It said he owes $1000, $736 rent and rest legal fees and late chgs. No other paperwork been given to him. Can they evict him?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Do I have to pay child support if my child was adopted out? Do I have to pay child support if my child was adopted out?	Family Questions	Missouri
What is the law in Georgia about breaks and lunches? What is the law in Georgia about breaks and lunches?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If your boss does not pay you the right overtime can he get in trouble? If your boss does not pay you the right overtime can he get in trouble?	Employment Questions	Tennessee
Can my son have a lawsuit if his work does not provide a lunch or break at all? My son has worked in a pizza place near our town in California for five to seven years. He has had no lunch or break time at all. Can my son have a lawsuit?	Employment Questions	California
Can I apply for disability and retirement at the same time? Can I apply for disability and retirement at the same time?	Employment Questions	California
Legal for them to send me a bill to collection agency if I was paying on a medical bill? I was paying on a medical bill and had set up a payment plan.  They sent my bill to a collection agency.  Is this legal?	Consumer Questions	New York
At what age can I tell my daughter, to obey my rules, or leave my house and don&#39;t come back? At what age can I tell my daughter, to obey my rules, or leave my house and don't come back in the state of PA?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How does small dog club corporation qualify for 501c3? How does small dog club corporation qualify for 501c3?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Washington
When did NYS labor law part 146-1.6 go into effect? When did NYS labor law part 146-1.6 go into effect?	Employment Questions	New York
Fair that my employer fired me cause I was driving tired but allowed me to drive an unsafe vehicle? I was driving an unsafe vehicle for weeks but my job fired me because they say I was driving tired from the drive. But I was in no danger of having an accident but they allowed me to drive a van that wasn't safe and said I broke safety rule?	Employment Questions	California
If the first loan was never completed, does the car consider ours? I live in MA. I purchased a MINI on in Jan. On the next day after the purchase, the car was towed back to the MINI service due to an engine over heat issue. We negotiate with the dealer and able to get the full value for trade-in. After the negotiation, dealer found out the first loan application is not completed. They need us to go back to sign the paper work for the first loan before they can process this trade in for us. My question is, if the first loan was never completed, does the car consider ours? If not, can we take our down payment back and walk away from MINI?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it true that nycha can terminate your lease due to three late payments in a year? Is it true that nycha can terminate your lease due to three late payments in a year?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Am I able to ask for stipulations if my sister adopts my daughter? My sister wants to adopt my daughter. She has been her legal custodian since 2/10, voluntarily. They live in Illinois. I live in Florida. Am I able to ask for stipulations such as visitation or possibility of partial custody?	Family Questions	Florida
How legal are land contracts in the state of KY? How legal are land contracts in the state of KY? I have a house I would like to sell to my son and is credit needs to come up a little. Next year he will be able to get the loan to buy the house.	Family Questions	Texas
Do both parents have to agree if i want to sign my rights over for my children? Do both parents have to agree if i want to sign my rights over for my children?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	North Carolina
How long does a customer have to give a car dealer time to repair a car? How long does a customer have to give a car dealer time to repair a car that I bought from them 3 months ago?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Question regarding family law? I have questions regarding family law. I currently live with my boyfriend in his home. We have a 2 1/2 year old son. I'm going to leave the home but I wanted to know my rights and taking my son. I don't want to take my son away from him completely but I want my son until we can either have facilitation or go to court regarding custody. How does that work?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What would be involved if I am half owner of a condo and want to sell my share? I am half owner of a condo and want to sell my share. What would be involved?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can an employer pay you less than agreed on in a signed offer letter? Can an employer pay you less than agreed on in a signed offer letter?	Employment Questions	Florida
Question regarding expenses to pay between two divorced parents for child? We have court order pay half of all medical expenses for child and half of day care. I sent ex husband the information to pay for his portion of child care at $75. I am unemployed and had to put my child in daycare when I got a temp job. After I sent my ex the bill he said he won't pay it because he is paying $188 a month out of pocket expense for our child's ADD medicine Daytrana. For a year our child has taken this and he never sent me a bill he is ordered to pay health insurance because he is in the military. Daytrana is an elective medicine if I knew it was that much and not covered 100% by insurance I would not have our child on it. I can't buy medicine I cant afford. We are in middle of a court case how do I handle this next time in court.	Family Questions	California
Can employer call you in on your day off for drug test? Can employer call you in on your day off for drug test?	Employment Questions	Indiana
How do I record a mortgage in Mecklenburg county, VA? How do I record a mortgage in Mecklenburg county, VA?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How do I get my truck back from my ex if it&#39;s in my name only? Three years ago my ex boyfriend and I  purchased a toyota tundra pick-up in my name only because he had no credit. He has been making the payments.  We have now split up and he is driving a truck in my name and he can't get insurance for it because it isn't in his name.  How do I get the truck back?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What to do if I am still married but wish to return to my previous last name? It is my understanding that i can go to the clerk of courts and request that my name be changed back to my name before I was married with out lawyer of court time. As long as it was my previously known name. I am still married but wish to return to my previous last name.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can I find out if my ex lost rights to a son he had before we were married to help with my custody case? Can I find out if my soon to be ex-husband lost rights to a son he had before we were married to help with my custody case?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
if the father of my child hasn&#39;t been around, does he have any rights? if the father of my child hasn't been around in maybe four almost five years and I changed his last name does he have any rights? can I terminate those rights? no we have never been married and no child support has been received.	Family Questions	California
If we are going to divorce &amp; I have already moved out am I liable for all our debt if we still married? If my wife and I are talking about divorce and I have already moved out am I liable for all our debt if we are still married?  For instance if she goes back to school and takes out $50000 loans am I liable for half that once the divorce is finalized?	Family Questions	California
Property value/buyer spent it We are selling my mother in law's condo in florida. We were supposed to close escrow today, and the buyer doesn't have the money she said she did (apparently she spent it). She is offering to still close if we discount the property by the 5,000 she's short - but the property is only selling for 80,000 - that seems a little steep. Do we have any recourse?	Consumer Questions,Finance Questions,Tax Questions	California
Is it legal to ride in a bed of a pick-up truck? Is it legal to ride in a bed of a pick-up truck?  If yes,  what age?	Family Questions	New York
Does the privacy act stand or does a wife have the right to get the information? if a husband is in the hospital and not being truthful to his wife in fear of her worrying so he's telling his wife a different story, does the privacy act stand or does she have the right to get the information straight from his doctor?	Family Questions	California
Can you have more then one person as your representative on a Durable Power Of  Attorney? Can you have more then one person as your representative on aDurable Power Of Attorney form?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is it legal if I asked to marry at the age of 17? My girlfriend and I have been dating for a long time and I was wondering if it's legal that I asked her to marry me at the age 17?	Family Questions	Georgia
What to do if unemployment were denied after my Staffing Firm alleged that I quit during my shift? My Oregon unemployment benefits were recently denied/stopped after my Staffing Firm alleged that I contacted my employer and quit during my scheduled shift on Mar. 28, 2012.I have appealed and have a hearing July 11, 2012. I never resigned over the phone ever. I made copies of my cell phone calls to submit for the hearing. I also made copies of multiple emails sent to me from my Employer and Staffing firm. Confirming that my job was coming to an end due to budget restraints for 2012.  I called my Employer 2 weeks later and she confirmed there was no work at this time. I informed my staffing firm and they emailed me saying that they would close out my profile for this job so that it does not interfere with my benefits or unemployment.	Employment Questions	California
Can father take action if mother leaves me with grandparent to finish school? If my mother moves and leaves me with a grandparent to finish schooling, can my father do anything about it. I do not feel comfortable living with my father.	Family Questions,Legal Questions	California
What do I need to do remove a tenant if she&#39;s not following her parole? I rent a duplex in Ann Arbor. On Aug 19th 2012, it will be a year I've been living here. I allowed a woman coming out of prison to parole to my house. She is not on the lease, no sec dep & owns nothing in the home but the items in her bedroom. Utilities are in my name. I did write out a contract stating I was allowing her to stay upon agreement she pay half the rent & utilities. I also stated I have the authority to ask her to leave immediately if there is drug use, crimes committed or violated her parole. Any other reason I would give 30 day notice. She has NOT complied with parole in multiple ways associating with felons, drinking I've been told of drug use, not looking for employment. Her parole agent is useless. She has left me a voice mail.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What are my rights to return a used car to a Ford dealership? What are my rights to return a used car to a Ford dealership? I have had it 5 days.	Consumer Questions	Alabama
Can a person go to jail and lose their driver&#39;s license if they do not pay their child support? Can a person go to jail and lose their driver's license if they do not pay their child support?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can I sue the real estate company if they listed my phone number in their houses for sale? A real estate company has my phone number listed in one of their houses for sale and I have gotten more than 50 calls from people asking me if I'm selling a house and I am only a student and its interfering with my privacy. People now have my phone number. Can I sue the real estate company?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Gun owner leaves legal firearm in friend&#39;s car and friend gets caught? A legal gun owner forgets his/her firearm in a friend's car. The friend is not allowed to have a gun, and gets caught. What consequences does the gun owner face?	Criminal Questions	Arizona
What to do if we are a half month behind and our landlord wants to evict us? We Live in South Carolina. We just found out that because we are a half month behind on our rent that our Landlord wants to evict us and has put our house up for sale. What recourse do we have?  Which we do every year and he knows this. We are in Massachusetts for the summer.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Can someone have custody of a child when this person is not legal in the country? Can someone have custody of a child when this person is not legal in the country?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can a 17 year old male go to jail for getting a 15 year old girl pregnant? Can a 17 year old male go to jail for getting a 15 year old girl pregnant?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Are there laws that prohibit religious groups from gaining access to public schools for recruiting? Are there laws in Georgia that prohibit religious groups from gaining access to public schools, during school hours and at school events, in order to befriend and recruit students to their off campus religious clubs with the intent of proselytizing and groom them to accept Jesus according to their beliefs?  Why does the State Board of Education not restrict and regulate this access to public school campuses?	Family Questions	Georgia
What individuals are subject to MA chapter 22 E, sec. 11? What individuals are subject to MA chapter 22 E, sec. 11?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
What do I need to do if I have a ford 350 van and I like to take people to work? Hi I have a ford 350 van and I like to take people to work. What do I need do?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the child support law in Illinois? What is the child support law in Illinois?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can I file child support in another state? Can I file for child support in a state other than the one my child was born in?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Should I get my hourly and salary checks together? I have went from hourly to salary for my first paycheck after moving from hourly. Should I get my hourly and salary checks together?	Employment Questions	New York
Legal for my employer to force me to take time off because I made a mistake? I work in the state of California.  Is it legal for my employer to force me to take time off because I made a mistake?	Employment Questions	California
Possible for an adult to be made legal guardian of another person at 18? Is it possible for a responsible adult to be made legal guardian of another person of the age of eighteen in Florida?	Family Questions	Florida
Can we get married in the US while my Canadian fiance is down? My fiancee lives in Canada and I live in the US. He is coming down here for a few weeks on his passport. Can we get married in the US while he is down?	Family Questions	Ohio
Can a landlord mail a court summons without it being sent certified mail? Can a landlord mail a court summons without it being sent certified mail?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How to get a reduction on child support and not pay interest? I am paying child support in Alabama and need to know how to get a reduction and not have to pay interest of 12% to the state ?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Asking if I could get sick day pay when I quit my job? Asking if I could get sick day pay when I quit my job? I had 40 hours of sick pay and 1 week of vacation when I quit. Email is&#x6a;&#97;&#x72;&#x62;&#x65;&#x74;&#116;&#101;&#x6e;&#x40;&#121;&#97;&#104;&#111;&#111;&#46;&#99;&#x6f;&#x6d;.	Employment Questions	Florida
Can they legally evict my friend in the same month that she is behind on the rent? My friend just received an eviction notice on her door this morning to vacate the premises in 2 days. she only owes rent for the month of march and march is not even over yet. Can they legally evict her in the same month that she is behind on the rent?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If you were fired from a Company can you reapply in later years? If you were fired from a Company can you reapply in later years?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What can I do about an ex girlfriend who copied personal emails and is using them to extort money from me? What can I do about an ex girlfriend who copied personal emails and is using them to extort money from me?	Criminal Questions,Privacy Questions	Nevada
If I walk away without completion and the city follows up, will I be in trouble legally? I started filing for permits for space use. One of them is for something that my landlord should take care of. If I walk away without completion and the city follows up, will I be in trouble legally?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Colorado
Can a landlord go into an apartment without my daughter&#39;s permission? My daughter and her boyfriend gave the landlord 30 days notice of leaving.  The apartment is infested in fleas.  They tried everything to get rid of them.  They let him know in the letter.  Can he go into the apartment when they still have three weeks to get out?  Plus he's threatening to take the door off the hinges and change the lock because a few months ago my daughter change the lock because the landlord would come in without permission.	Leasing Questions	Pennsylvania
X-Linda J Johnson&#39;s Confidential Question My supervisor is falsely accusing me of stealing. She has no proof but I believe it hurts my chances for advancement w/the retail store manager because one supervisor is always watching me like I'm stealing.  This particular supervisor has had a bad history w/minority women employees. I want to make more money by advancement and feel that the camera's at work will show me working very hard but I don't even know where to begin to have this stopped.	Employment Questions	Texas
What is the penalty in Georgia for either foreclosing or short selling their property? I have a house in Georgia.  I have not lived in it for 7 years and have rented it at no profit.  At this point I would like to get rid of it and it is upside down.  What is the penalty in Georgia for either foreclosing or short selling this property?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is my liability to my late father&#39;s property? My mother added me to the deed on her house when my dad died. 1 1/2 yrs ago I received a letter from an attorney she hired stating my mother did not know she sold her house to me for $1 and wanted the house back. She has not spoken to me since but twice has contacted me by mail telling me I am responsible for paying the property taxes from now on. She changed the address on the bill to my address which I changed back to my sisters address and the person my mother has given power of attorney. I sent a copy to her attorney. Today I received a changed of address from Wrth Twshp and it is also changing the name placing my name first and my mother's name second for me to sign. My question is,  What is my liability to this property?	Real Estate Questions	California
If a car dealership has you take out 2 loans, is that illegal? If a car dealership has you take out 2 loans, is that illegal?	Consumer Questions	California
What right do I have to pay from a accident from livestock on roadway?	Personal Injury Questions	Texas
Legal action if property manager backdated the lease agreement prior to the date when I cancelled it? The property manager backdated the lease agreement prior to the date when I cancelled her management agreement with her in order to get a penalty of $2016 from me (termination penalty).  Is it a legal action or illegal action? Thanks.	Real Estate Questions	California
What are the guidelines for the father if an infant was born out of wedlock? In Tennessee, an infant was born out of wedlock. What are the guidelines for father? what age is the child taken away from mother for visitation?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Tennessee
Can the ex-husband take the child away because I live together with the girlfriend? My girlfriend and I moved in together after her and her ex had been separated for 1 year. Can the ex-husband take the child away because we live together?	Family Questions	Virginia
What to do if I moved into a new town with a house that&#39;s not safe and has been vandalized? I moved from one town to a new town. The home was being broken into before I moved in and was never told. After I being a senior and not easy to move found out when I would leave the kids living next door was a problem kids would come in and stay until I drive up in driveway and they go out the back. I start to notice my glass sliding door would be open. I start to use sticks to put in windows and glass sliding doors to lock them. Then the kids kick in side off the street door with half the wall and enter lock kitchen door by kicking in. Landlord took one week to fix. I had no doors. He ignored my calls and the next week they broke bedroom windows and bathroom windows and landlord ignore calls they fire bomb and burned house I lost everything.	Real Estate Questions	California
If we have shared custody of my husband&#39;s daughter, can we stop her from having her lesbian lover at night? My husband and his ex-wife have shared custody of their 16-year-old daughter.  She spends one week with us and the next with her mom.  When she is with her mom she is allowed to have her lesbian lover spend the night?  Can we legally stop this from happening?	Family Questions	New York
Legal if you do not give the golf club the Donation they are asking for you can not join? The Golf club asks for a $125 donation along with your membership. Now if you do not give them the Donation they are asking for you can not join, if you just pay the membership. Is that Legal?	Real Estate Questions	NB
What do I do if I lived in Maryland and want to get married in Florida? What do I do if I lived in Maryland and want to get married in Florida?	Family Questions	Florida
Can an employer specify hours that must be worked by an employee that is salary? Can an employer specify hours that must be worked by an employee that is salary?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
If a man hasn&#39;t did anything for his child and here gets SSI can he be put on child support? If a man haven't did anything for his child and here gets SSI can he be put on child support?	Family Questions	Arkansas
If a child emancipates him/herself, do I still owe back child support? If a child emancipates him/herself, do I still owe back child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Do I have to register my 2 family home with housing development? I have a 2 family home in NYC.  I need to rent both apartments because I am moving out of state.  Do I have to register it with housing development?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can we sue the guardian for malpractice or negligence now or after mom passes? My mom has a Lee county Florida court appointed legal guardian for her health and financials. The guardian hired a day time nurse to take car of mom. This nurse was licenses but not insured or bonded. The nurse fell and hurt her knee in mom's house. The nurse then threaten to sue mom. The guardian settled to pay her medical and lost wages with moms money. 10k was lost to this. We have many emails prior stating our concern with her hiring choice in having this Uninsured ensured nurse taking care of mom. There is now an nursing agency in place as we wanted all along.Can we sue the guardian for malpractice or negligence now or after mom passes?	Family Questions	Florida
Does my daughter have to see her mother against her desire? I live in New York and recently received a emergency temporary custody order for my daughter that's eleven years old. I have the order and it states the child is to remain in county. Her mother has been living in Mississippi for the last month but came back last night to visit and has stated to both  my daughter and I that she wanted to take her back. My daughter is petrified and doesn't want to go anywhere with her due to fear of her mother taking her to Mississippi. My question is, do I have to even allow her mother to see my daughter or go with her if my daughter does not want to? Our first court appearance isn't until May 7th.	Family Questions	New York
Is there such a thing as filing a suite against tour boss for act of privacy? Is there such a thing as filing a suite against tour boss for act of privacy?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Is the seller liable for the cost to remove the hive? The prior owner of the house I bought two months ago did not disclose that an active beehive was in a wall. Is the seller liable for the cost to remove the hive?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Does 7 days excused absances, 7 tardies and 6 half days for a minor student in the court&#39;s eyes look bad?	Criminal Questions,Education Questions	Michigan
Can we as a non-profit rent the parsonage out without putting it on the tax record? I am the Pastor of a Baptist Church in Deposit NY. Since I will not be moving into the Parsonage, can we as a non-profit rent the parsonage out without putting it on the tax record. Thank-You, Rev. Bob Matthews	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
How to set up Section 79 retirement plan for C-corp? How do you set up a section 79 retirement plan for a C-Corporation?	Administrative Law Questions,Banking Law Questions	Utah
What are the consequences if I was fired after using a company credit card to buy $30 gas for my car? I used a company credit card to buy $30 gas for my car. I was fired and they are going to call the police and press charges--what are the consequences for me?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
If I am found guilty, can I fight it? If I am found guilty, can I fight it? My jury trial was an unfair trial.	Criminal Questions	Missouri
How far does a propane tank used for heating a pool have to be from the pool? How far does a propane tank being used for heating a pool have to be from the pool or any other structure?Thank you	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Can expatiate warrant from a different state be lifted even if inmate wavier-ed rights to be exonerated? Can a expatiate warrant from a different state be lifted  even if the inmate wavier-ed rights to be exonerated?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding Michigan laws on consensual sex and age of consent? Hello, I have a question regarding Michigan laws on consensual sex and age of consent? Is there an age proximity law for people under 18? Such as could a 22 year old have sexual relations with a 16 year old? I'm curious because I've had these laws told to me many different ways and I don't know which is false or not.	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Where do I start on seeing my child when the mother won&#39;t let me? I have a child that I have not been paying support to even though I have a court order for support. The mother of my child has taken the child to another state and because I was young when this happened and angry that she wasn't letting me see my child, my license was suspended. I want to correct the problem and also want to see my child but I don't know where to start?	Family Questions	New York
Does the father have to be notified of a change of custody to a third party with no established rights? Does the father who has established paternity but has never seen child or established any court ordered rights to see the child have to be notified of a change of custody to a third party in Minnesota?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Can my boyfriend of 4 years adopt my daughter&#39;s second parental rights if we are not married? Can my boyfriend of 4 years adopt my daughter's second parental rights if we are not married but her biological father lost custody rights and received a restraining order against him?	Family Questions	California
Is there anything I can do to get my roommate&#39;s payments off my credit report? I was sued my a former roommate for back rent, I've been paying him but he wasn't keeping the court update with my payments or with his personal information and now I can't find him to either continue paying or to get the settlement taking care of. Is there anything i can do to get this off my credit report?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Is it considered illegal dumping of trash if someone uses a dumpster that isn&#39;t there? Is it considered illegal dumping of trash if someone uses a dumpster that isn't there?Example: say strangers filling a dumpster meant for a apartment complex even though they don't live at the apartments.	Consumer Questions	California
If you lose custody to your child to your mother can you still live with your mother? If you lose custody to your child to your mother can you still live with your mother?	Family Questions	California
Is my employer required to pay me a minimum of 4 hours when my shift is scheduled as a 6 hour shift? I clock in at 10:00 and clock out at 12:30. Is my employer required to pay me a minimum of 4 hours when my shift is scheduled as a 6 hour shift but my actual working shift is less than 4 hours?  I get credit (accrued PTO time) for an 8 hour shift.  The remainder of my day is considered to be low census.	Employment Questions	Illinois
If you off a company a payoff and they refuse , Can that stand in court even if you ask for a settlement? If you off a company a payoff and they refuse but instead they want to say that they are taking any payoffs, Can that stand in court even if you ask for a settlement?	Consumer Questions	Alabama
Help in a case to  counter sue my neighbor over a dog bite my dog was attacked? I need to know what type of lawyer I need to counter sue my neighbor over a dog bite my dog was attacked. My neighbor tried to get my dog free from his dog by prying his dog's mouth open while he was lying on the ground. He stated my dog bit him. He's suing for injuries and other damages arising from this incident	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Can my adult step-daughters sue their father for his life insurance cause he had to maintain his insurance? Can my step-daughters of 27 years sue their father for his life insurance just because in the divorce decree he had to maintain his insurance to them.  We were told this was just for while they were minors, which now they are in their 40s.	Family Questions	Alabama
What to do if I need to get my name on my daughter&#39;s birth certificate? What to do if I need to get my name on my daughters birth certificate?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
When is it considered legal abandonment after so many years?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the earliest age for a minor to choose a parent as his primary custody? What is the earliest age for a minor to choose a parent as his primary custody, or care-taker, when custody is shared between parents?	Family Questions	Florida
In the state of North Dakota are two women allowed to sign the birth certificate of a new born child? In the state of North Dakota are two women allowed to sign the birth certificate of a new born child?	Family Questions	North Dakota
If I got caught shoplifting what is the maximum sentence in California? If I got caught shoplifting what is the maximum sentence in California?	Criminal Questions	California
What files do my parents need to collect if they are having health issues and don&#39;t have a will? My mother & father are having health issues and don't have a will.  What files do they need to collect?  Do they need to talk to a Lawyer?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Washington
Do I need attorney to file petition determine homestead status in FL can i file without attorney? Do I need attorney to file petition determine homestead status in Florida can i file without attorney?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I sue my boyfriend&#39;s ex for tampering with mail I have addressed to him? My boyfriend's ex has tampered with mail I have addressed to him, which she admittedly and knowingly tampered with the mail. Plus she distributed MY personal information Name Address to her friends and family. As well as shown letters I have sent to my boyfriend before he received them. Can I sue her?	Family Questions	Utah
How to stop garnishment before it start for a car repo? I have a court judgement. How to stop garnishment before it start for a car repo?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What is the best way to find a registered broker to help raise capital for an early stage company? From: Prof Steph Davis- Founder Neocell BiotechHello. what is the best way to find a registered broker to help raise capital for an early stage company based in NYC.Thanks.&#110;&#101;&#111;&#99;&#x65;&#108;&#x6c;&#98;&#116;&#x40;&#x68;&#111;&#x74;&#x6d;&#x61;&#x69;&#108;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
What is the fastest and easiest way to become Canadian citizen through marriage? What is the fastest and easiest way to become Canadian citizen through marriage? Can I go to Canada while I apply?	Immigration Questions	Michigan
Can my 17-year-old son legally move out of the house? My son is turning 17 and thinks that he can legally move out of the house. We live in Grand Rapids, Mi	Family Questions	Michigan
Is it possible to defer child support in exchange of house? Is it possible to defer child support for one year and sign the house over to spouse? The child support is $136.18 and the house is worth $180,000.	Family Questions	New York
Terminated based on a false assumption that I stole something? I was terminated for moving an item and they said something was missing from item. On camera, it was not seen going into item as not sure contents were there or not.	Employment Questions	Texas
What can I do I I was not notified of the court date for my child custody case and my ex got full custody? I was not notified of the court date for my child custody case.  Now they gave him full custody.  What can I do?	Family Questions	California
Do collection agencies hold verifiable proof to report a debt? Do collection agencies hold verifiable proof to report a debt?	Consumer Questions	North Dakota
What to do to leave Flagler County with my daughter when my ex is providing child support? I am a single mother, currently living in a homeless shelter in Flagler County, FL, with my 2 year old daughter.  I would like to move out of the county to be able to be closer to my family (also in Florida) and to increase my chances of finding employment.  I am being told that I am not allowed to leave Flagler county with my daughter without the permission of the father.  We have never been married, however he is listed on the birth certificate as the father.  He is not currently providing any support for the child.  If this is true, what do I need to do to be able to leave Flagler County?	Family Questions	Florida
Can  I resubmit my case if I&#39;ve filed for a continuance if I don&#39;t appear? I've filed for a continuance if I don't appear. Can I resubmit my case?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can school issue contract holding parents responsible for all laptop damage? The school where my kids go issued a contract for the parents to sign for laptop use. It states all damages are covered by the parents. There are no outlines for "reasonable wear" or prices for damages or even a price for the computer if it has to be replaced. What can be done to fix this?	Contract Questions	Indiana
What is the punishment for lewd and lascivious acts in MA? What is the punishment for lewd and lascivious acts in MA?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can you purchase grass seed for a pasture in Florida and not pay taxes? Can you purchase grass seed for a pasture in Florida and not pay taxes?	Consumer Questions	New Jersey
If you have given someone power of attorney and no longer need it, how do you legally terminate it? If you have given someonepower of attorneyand no longer need it, how do you legally terminate it?	Family Questions	California
On a deed of trust if there is a name up under the grantor, are they the lien holder? On a deed of trust if there is a name up under the grantor, are they the lien holder? If I sell the house on my own can I legally take the money and pay the lien off myself?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Options do I have if my 15-year-old girl won&#39;t come back from her trip as she doesn&#39;t legally have to? I live in California and have full physical & legal custody of my 15 yr. old daughter! 2 1/2 wks ago I let her fly to Texas to spend summer with her grandfather. Now she is refusing to come home. My father has said he talked to a lawyer there and they told him she is old enough to choose and that he legally couldn't make her get on a plane home! She got spoiled and has decided to say or do whatever it takes to get her way! I seriously need to know what my legal options are?	Family Questions	California
Can the mother call the police to remove the two from her son&#39;s care? My son has custodial care of his two kids. Can the mother call the police to remove them from his care?	Family Questions	New York
What to do if have POA over a friend but his ex says that I can&#39;t keep her from taking him back to NH? I have POA over a friend. His soon-to-be ex-wife is saying that I can't keep her from taking him back to New Hampshire. What can I do?	Family Questions	Tennessee
What is a patent? What is a patent?	Intellectual Property Questions	California
Can I still be prosecuted 12 years later if I got a DUI in GA and bonded out and left state? I got a DUI in Georgia in 2000 and bonded out and left the state. Can I still be prosecuted 12 years later?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can I get a court order to see my daughter if there is no set custody and no child support set yet? Can I get a court order to see my daughter if there is no set custody and no child support set yet? It has been two months since I've seen my daughter or even talked to her. I am worried about her safety and well being.	Family Questions	Kentucky
What happens if I stop going to child support court as the legal guardian of the child? What happens if I stop going to child support court as the legal guardian of the child?	Family Questions	Illinois
How long does the landlord have to return the security deposit? How long does the landlord have to return the security deposit?	Real Estate Questions	Arizona
Can I opt to move out and how much time will I have to do that if I&#39;ve fallen into foreclosure? I've been paying rent and the landlord has fallen into foreclosure. Can I opt to move out and how much time will I have to do that?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
Can we counter sue our landlord&#39;s appeal? We have received a NOTICE OF HEARING ON SMALL CLAIMS APPEAL. The original case was heard and we won our deposit back, now the landlord has appealed, can we counter sue this appeal.	Real Estate Questions	California
Can the apartment manager throw my daughter&#39;s bike because it left on the lawn? Can the apartment manager throw my daughters bike because it left on the lawn?	Real Estate Questions	Idaho
Should my employees expect paychecks on Friday if they live in different cities? I receive pay checks from ADP on Friday, but I have employes in different cities. Should they expect paycheck on Friday?Thank you	Employment Questions	California
Truth if  I give my baby the father&#39;s last name it would be easy for him to just take her and keep her? Hi I am 8 1/2 months pregnant & the father & I are not married but we have a good relationship. However people have been warning me that if I give my baby his last name it would be easy for him to just take her and keep her and make it hard for me to get her back. I don't see how this is possible because of custody laws. Is there any truth to what they are saying?	Family Questions	Alabama
Question regarding renting an apartment with my former roommate &amp; never their security deposit? I rented an off campus apartment with my former roommate and never got my portion of the security deposit. What happened was there were 3 of us on the lease and only one of my roommates got a check instead of us getting 3 individual checks.  The room mate that got the check cashed it and kept his portion and gave the rest to my other room mate assuming that the other room mate would give me my portion.  That other room mate did not give me my portion however.  I tried calling him this past week to no avail. I am starting to wonder if he is stiffing me for money.  I do not want to go to court but i might have to. How should I approach this situation.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding a work permit and resident card? You have a work permit. You're about to get your Resident card but there is an emergency and you have to leave the US and you missed your appt to get your resident card. What can you do?	Immigration Questions	Nevada
Can I be fired for being under eviction? I work for an apartment complex and also live in the same place. I will be turning in a notice to vacate because I can no longer afford my apartment. If I am put under eviction, can I also be fired?	Employment Questions,Leasing Questions	Florida
If I am divorced already and own a home and ex is on the deed how do you get her off? if I am divorced already and own a home and ex is on the deed how do you get her off? The house is $100,000 under value.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Isn&#39;t it illegal for an employee to work every weekend if it wasn&#39;t by choice? In the state of Michigan, isn't it illegal for an employee to work every weekend if it wasn't by choice?	Employment Questions	Texas
What can I do if I&#39;m ordered to pay the plaintiff when I&#39;m unemployed? I didn't pay the plaintiff and now I am ordered to go back to court. I'm going to college and am unemployed with no income. The judge informed me that my no income would not be an excuse for not paying. What can I do?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Do I have any legal recourse to remove my live-in girlfriend? I have a live in girlfriend that I have asked to vacate my home and she is refusing to do so. Do I have any legal recourse to remove her?	Family Questions	California
How to get full custody with visitation of the father of my newborn left while pregnant for another woman? The father of my newborn left me while I was pregnant for another woman. Now, she's a month old and he wants joint custody. Can he get that? I want full custody with visitation.	Family Questions	Oregon
Can I refuse to be searched at school? Can I refuse to be searched at school?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How to get court order for visitation? If my son's grandmother is not letting me see my son is there anything I can do to get a visitation order from the court?  When she got the custody there was never an agreement in court it was only between us. What can I do to get an order through the court system?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Legally what can I do if my girlfriend sold my laptop, my gaming system and $1000 worth of games? my girlfriend who I have lived with for a year, sold my laptop, my gaming system and $1000 worth of games. Legally what can I do?	Criminal Questions	Florida
What is the law for overtime? What is the law for overtime? I get out of work at 7:30am they come and ask me to work over at @7:10 when I say no sometimes I get a pt. Can they do that with out having anything about it in the handbook. They are not consistent about the pts. they pick and choose so some people get pts. when others don't for the same issues. Also my reg. wage is 13.88 which includes a shift premium but when they pay overtime they do not include the shift premium shouldn't i get one and a half times my reg. wage?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Can a corporation dictate the method in which an employee gets paid? I live in Il.  Can a corporation dictate the method in which an employee gets paid? Can they refuse to give you a paper copy of your pay stub? And at any time can an employee discontinue their direct deposit without closing their bank account?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Question regarding possessions of mother&#39;s late boyfriend in his estate? My mother's boyfriend passed away and his mother allowed my mom to take things that she wanted from his house. My mother took some personal things and some other stuff included an apple laptop, which she then gave to my daughter. I have taken it and had it restored to factory settings and have been using it. My mother has asked for it back. The boyfriend's mother has told me it should be part of her sons estate. What do I do?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If a buyer gave fake info &amp; never transfers title to his name, am I liable for damages if he gets into accident? I sold my car recently. The buyer gave me a fake name and address, and never transfers title to his name. If he gets into an accident, am I liable for damages and can I be sued?	Personal Injury Questions	California
After I file for divorce can I close a checking account that is held jointly by both parties? After I file for divorce can I close a checking account that is held jointly by both parties? If not can I open a new one in my own name and put my income in it?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Are automatic renewal term service contracts enforceable in tennessee?  i.e. 36 month contract, renews for additional 36 months if do not give written termination notice 60 days prior to contract expiration. None	Contract Questions	Tennessee
Can the landlord follow thru &amp; change locks &amp; remove me without it going thru the courts? I have received anotice of evictionfrom my landlord's due to non-payment of rent owed. They are stating they will lock me out @ 4:00 p.m. on Tuesday if in fact the monies are not paid. This notice did not come thru the court system, they left it in my mailbox. There are no signature's only computer typed names @ bottom. Can they follow thru & change locks & remove me without it going thru the courts of Dupage County Il?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Are all pictures copyrightable? Are all pictures copyrightable?	Consumer Questions	California
Can my ex legally stop me from taking my son out of the state even though he has no custody? I have had full legal and full physical custody of my son for his whole life. I am getting married to another man in a week and half and am moving out of state due to employment. My son's dad does pay child support through Friend of the Court, but can he legally stop me from taking my son out of the state even though he has no custody?	Family Questions	Michigan
Question regarding paying me under minimum wage cause I misused their insurance company? I just got hired on to a company and they are located in Reno, NV. They are paying me under minimum wage cash also because I have misused their insurance company. They would not accept me. What can I do about this?	Employment Questions	Nevada
Since house was in trust how do we deal with the home insurance policy? My mother passed away, she had a will, POA, and trust for the house and furniture made out prior to her being sick, now who do i contact first after the SSN office and the bank? How do I deal with the credit cards especially the ones she owes and her hospital beds.  Can I bargain with them on how much to pay them?  Since house was in trust how do we deal with the home insurance policy?  We plan on keeping the house for a while.	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What rights do my parents have if the car dealer refuses? My parents purchased a used car in Virginia. After several hours, it was clear car was unsafe. After consulting the Dealer about it; the Dealer agreed to have it fixed. After a week the car is still not repaired. The dealer verbally agreed to put my parents in another car if the car was not repaired in 3 days. Now he is refusing, what rights do my parents have?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Can your employer hold your last paycheck when you have quit because he was yelling at you? Can your employer hold your last paycheck when you have quit because him cussing you for something out of your control	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Is there a temporary guardianship form I can print out to use for the family my son will be staying with? I just moved from Indiana to Florida with my 3 kids, my 17 year old wants to return to Indiana to finish his senior, he turns 18 on Dec.14th. Is there a temporary guardianship form I can print out to use for the family he will be staying with? Will this cover all medical and legal issues? Also, can the family use this to put him on their medical plan?	Family Questions	Indiana
Do I have the right to refile another claim for the same case over again? I have filed a small claim against a company, and after I filed the claim the company filed bankruptcy under chapter 11. And so the clerk dismissed my small claim case without prejudice. They told me the federal bankruptcy law doesn't allow my case to proceed in court at this time, and all claims against the defendant must be made as part of the bankruptcy proceeding. But the funny thing is the company is still operating exactly as they were before the bankruptcy. They filed bankruptcy just to get out of a big debt. Now my question is, do I have the right to refile another claim for the same case over again? (not appeal, its just total new claim but for the same problem that happened)? What I should do to refile again?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Missouri
What is squatters rights? What is squatters rights?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I legally move out of my mothers house at eighteen? In the state of Kentucky, can I legally move out of my mothers house at eighteen? I have a place to stay and I also have a job. She is very verbally abusive, and she is very controlling.	Family Questions	Kentucky
How do I find an advocate group that will help me get some type of custody for my daughter? How do I find an advocate group that will help me get some type of custody for my daughter? The divorce has wiped me out and my child is almost 6 months old and I have not been able to see her. I filed for a paternity hearing yesterday.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Why should we fill out a required American Community Survey when we have our own issues? My husband and I have received "The American Community Survey."  It says that we are required by U.S. Lawto complete this survey.  We feel it is an invasion of our privacy.  We are a retired couple living in our own home on SS, a small pension, my disability money because I am handicapped, and no parents or others to support.  Why should we fill this thing out?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How can we get a part of the ashes for my husband so that he can bury and honor his father? My husband has 5 brothers and sisters, his father passed away 25 years ago and was cremated.  The problem is that his wishes about being spread were never honored because one sibling took the ashes! We now found out that since he was in Korea he is entitled to a plot at the military cemetery and we wanted to honor him by placing him in the memorial wall with a plaque.  his siblings want to spread the ashes at Ellis island.  How can we get a part of the ashes for my husband so that he can bury and honor his father?	Family Questions	New York
Is it up to me to pay and replace the windows or is it the condo&#39;s problem? I own a condo with a wall of "store front" windows and one store front sliding door.  This glass was put in when the building was built around 1970.   The windows need to be replaced because of leaks and because the roof/patio  that the window sits on has been repaired many times and has compromised my windows.  Is this window replacement the condo association problem or is it up to me to pay and replace the windows?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I have a case against the Los Angeles Probation Department? I have a complaint about me when I was in juvenille hall. One of the probation staff beat me up. Right now as we speak, he is going to trial right now. Probation headquarters called me and talked to me about the incident that happened on May 2010 that occurred with me and the staff. Do I have a case against the Los Angeles Probation Department?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Discrimination if my supervisor is forcing me under medical leave when I&#39;m pregnant? I work for a X-Ray department for a large hospital. I am a transporter (transports patient from room to x-ray department for x-rays). I am 6 months pregnant and my doctor has me working light duty (not to pull, push or left anything over 5 pounds). This was working fine for a few weeks, but now my supervisor tells me she has no work for me and for me to file for medical leave and handed paperwork so I can file them out. I called HR department to ask if this right. HR tells me that I am off the schedule for next week and that she is going to send paperwork to apply for medical leave. Is this some type of discrimination?	Employment Questions	Utah
Am I legally suppose to get SSI if I&#39;m blind in the left eye? I was on SSI since i was born for my blind left eye. They turned me off when I turned 18 and I tried reapplying but they turned me down. Am I legally suppose to get SSI?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
What are my rights if I&#39;m a war vet but can&#39;t get my truck cause it&#39;s impounded? I am a gulf war vet with p.t.s.d and my truck was impounded. I have a fixed income, and can't pay storage fees. What are my rights?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Is it legal to raise a sheep as a pet in a residential area in Cherokee county Georgia? Is it legal to raise a sheep as a pet in a residential area in Cherokee county Georgia?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
legal debt to income ratio for apartments if you charge more than 38% of your income for rent? Is there a "LEGAL" debt to income ratio for apartments? my Mom and Dad live in a Senior citizen community located in Gary IN that is a LIHTC property and the rent just went up $15.  All the people in building are aged 62 years and older and all on social security for their income. The building is less than a year old and it would mean more than 38% of their income for 50% of the people. is it legal to charge more than 38% of your income for rent?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What does &quot;order other party to terminate attachment&quot; mean? In regards to child support, I checked my case online and there was a docket submitted that says "order other party to terminate attachment." What does this mean?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I&#39;m not allowed Sundays off for church? What to do if I'm not allowed Sundays off for church?	Employment Questions	California
If there is no equity in the shared house, what can I do? Spouse on the deed to the house we shared. She moved out into her own house which was purchased before the marriage. There is no equity in the shared house. What can I do?	Family Questions	Maryland
If I won a settlement against my former employer how will that affect my unemployment benefit in WI? If I won a settlement against my former employer how will that affect my unemployment benefit in WI?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
What are my options if my pug got overcharged by a vet? My pug got overcharged by a vet. What are my options?	Personal Injury Questions	Maryland
Can we sue if a guy working for my wife called her retarded and poor? So my wife was working for a guy for 14 hours a day, 7 days a week at 98 cents a hour and the night before she quit the job, he called my wife retarded and said she looked poor. Can we sue and if so what for?	Employment Questions	Michigan
How to establish my claim if I received a probable cause for discrimination based on disability? I received a probable cause for discrimination based on disability for a complaint against an Institution and would like to know how to establish my claim.Thanks	Employment Questions	Maryland
What can I do to obtain custody of my daughter who currently lives with her abusive father? i have a 15 yr old daughter who lives with her father up in WA state. I am in CA. We do not have a parenting plan. Her father is abusive in several ways: she calls me frequently to let me know what is happening. She is due to come to my home for two months this summer. Yet everytime my daughter talks to me about being scared of him or worried about what he will say or do next, all of a sudden i cant reach either of them for sometimes days. I am worried about her. Can she live with me? What are my rights for getting her out of there? She is about to start high school after this summer and i know that a change of location would be hard.  What can I do?	Family Questions	California
What should I do if the labor department wants me to repay unemployment benefits because I was also drawing a pension at the same time? The Dept of Labor of Georgia wants me to repay unemployment benefits because I was drawing a pension simultaneously.  I worked 35 years.  What should I do?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If my child is due on the first of July, will I get in trouble if I pay it on the 8th? My name is Chris. My child is due on the first of July. Will I get in trouble if I pay it on the 8th? that's when I get paid.	Family Questions	New York
What to do if I sent my son to visit his father and now the father won&#39;t return him? I have a son and I was never married to his father. He has never paid child support. I sent my son here to CA on vacation and now dad will not give him back. Neither of us have custody. What can I do? My son has been here in CA for 6 months. Now what are my options?	Family Questions	California
Will my son continue to get his child support checks when his dad is getting unemployment checks? I live in Atlanta, GA. I have a 20-month-old son and his dad was terminated from his job on June 20th, 2012 and is currently receiving unemployment checks. Will my son continue to get his child support checks? If so how? Will I be notified?	Family Questions	Georgia
If someone got caught stealing &amp; the other person took the blame with no arrest would it be on record? Hi I have a question if someone was to get caught stealing and the other person took the blame for it and never got arrested would that still appear on their record?	Employment Questions	New York
Since my husband has a criminal background &amp; CPS is trying to take our daughter, should we stay married? Since my husband has an extensive criminal back ground and CPS is trying to take our daughter away should we stay married because my background is not that bad.	Family Questions	Michigan
Difference from renting a single family dwelling or charging rent for room and board? What is the difference from renting a single family dwelling or just charging rent for room and board? and if the person is sleeping in your living room on the couch why can't the person that is the true leaser allowed to go into their own living room to get what ever is there's or to watch tv, etc.?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I sue domestic relations if my child support letter was sent to an address that I don&#39;t know? My child support letter was sent to an address that I don't know. The person opened his mail and behind his letter was my child support letter with all my information on it. Can I sue domestic relations? The thing is it was sent to my friend's mom's boyfriend's mom's house. I don't know his mom at all, i never lived there or been there before. I don't like people knowing my business at all and its embarrassing that someone knows my info and my situation. what should i do?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What&#39;s it called when person is named for cause of divorce? What is it called when you name a person as the cause for the divorce?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can you set aside an order and re-litigate a case on hidden assets that have been discovered? Family Law in Alabama- Can you set aside an order and re-litigate a case on hidden assets that have been discovered?	Family Questions	Alabama
What to do if my name is being slandered on topix.com? Name is being slandered ontopix.com. I really want to know what to do because it's all lies.	Criminal Questions	Virginia
If I can&#39;t track down the POA, can I demand my money back because I can&#39;t tag the car? I bought a car from a corner lot and I am unable  to tag because the previous owner had a power of attorney and someone else signed his name. I would like to know if I can't track down the POA, can I demand my money back because I can't tag the car?	Consumer Questions	Missouri
Is there a law  for  minimum  amount  of hours an employee can work daily? Hello. I'm employed 2 hours a day & about 5 days only at Wienerschnitzel Oceanside as a porter. Is there a law  for  minimum  amount  of hours a employee can work daily ? Plus, I have been denied  my rights to be hired & work inside as a qualified food handler with my 6 + years fast-food prep, short-order cooking, bartending, experience. I have been working there for 1 year September 2012 and have been denied the opportunity to work inside or to get more hours in a day. I am a 54  year old man & black I Feel I have a case of race discrimination, health safety conditions violations, minimum hours violations also. . . PLEASE HELP!	Employment Questions	California
What can I do as I&#39;m alone dealing with landlord who served me with an eviction notice? We told my landlord we weren't going to pay till he fixed the sewage leak. So 5 months later he serves me with atenant eviction notice, giving me 2 weeks. My husband and I split up and separated 2 months ago, and I can't rent a home as his reference is the only one I have. He is blackballing me, and me and the kids are getting sick from the sewage gas. What do I do as I'm alone with 2 boys and 2 days ago he shut our water off? What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Violated if I I want to cash 40 hours of vacation but due to corporate policy, I can only cash in 20? I have 80 hours vacation time available in the state of GA and request to cash in 40 hours of the vacation. The administrator disputes I only can cash in 20 hours due to corporate policy. This policy is not stated in the handbook. I have been a LPN at this facility for 2 years and I feel my rights/benefits have been violated.  What can I do?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can my landlord hold me responsible for painting and labor of the house when I moved it was not painted? When I moved in the house it was not painted. When I moved out the landlord held out  money for painting and labor. Can they do that?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How many days can a person work before they have to have a day off? How many days can a person work before they have to have a day off?	Employment Questions	California
Law to help challenge an unwanted union appointee from holding an officer position? Is there a law to help challenge an unwanted union appointee from holding an officer position?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Can I sue my mortgage co for posting a bankruptcy of a mortgage? Can I sue my mortgage company for posting a bankruptcy of a mortgage when the company never owned the mortgage when I went through Bankruptcy chapter 7?  A different Mortgage Company owned it when my Bankruptcy was final and this mortgage co didn't buy it for 12 moths later.  The First Mortgage co posted but two years after buying my mortgage they posted it on my credit report with a different account  and no mention of the transfer from the First mortgage co.  Can I sue them?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do if I want to expunge or seal my records? What to do if I want to expunge or seal my records?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Is it legal for my employer to fire me due to my workman&#39;s comp injury absence? Is it legal for my employer to fire me due to my workman's comp injury absence?	Employment Questions	Florida
Do I have to pay child support if I am on the birth certification but just found out I may not be the father? Do I have to pay child support if I am on the birth certification but just found out I may not be the father?	Family Questions	Illinois
How can I appeal a recent child custody ruling? How can I appeal a recent child custody ruling?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Do you have to give 30 days notice when moving out if not stated in contract between tenant &amp; landlord? Do you have to give 30 days notice when moving out if not stated in contract between tenant & landlord?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Am I able to get my full amount of $99.00 back or partial of $49.00 for the fees? I have paid the application fee ($50.00) and administration fee ($49.00) of $99.00 but, I was declined because of the eviction in 2006 which had been done and dismissed.  Am I able to get my full amount of $99.00 back or partial of $49.00?  Thank you for your assistance.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question regarding a timeshare? I own a timeshare.  Long story short, awful investment and I just want to get rid of it.  Paid for, maintenance fees about $640/year.  I do not even want to sell it (no one would buy), just dump it somehow.  Ideas?  The home resort is in Austria.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
How to get my granddaughter back for custody? I'm looking to figure out how to get my granddaughter back from state. They never asked my son to give up his rights and they never gave me the chance to take custody of her when she was a baby. The mother and material grandparents' lost rights. I have called dcfs so many times but they won't tell me anything. What do I do when they took her? I should of had the right to get her as my son was a minor. He was 15 years old. maybe younger. Please tell me how to do this or get visits.	Family Questions	Iowa
What to do if grandmother went behind my back and signed over custody of my children to the mother? My children were visiting their father and grandmother in another state and they went behind my back and he signed over custody to his mother.	Family Questions	Michigan
How many days does a bank have to provide a copy of promissory note? How many days does a bank have to provide a copy of promissory note?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Is there anything I can do about my child&#39;s father talking about our child support case on Facebook? Is there anything I can do about my child's father down grading me and talking about our child support case on Facebook?	Family Questions	Missouri
Is my ex entitled to more of my income if it comes solely from my SSD? My child receives income from my SSD and my former wife is taking me to court for more money. My only source of income is my SSD. Is she entitled to more of my income?	Family Questions	Tennessee
Can I incorporate an LLC in Delaware without a Delaware address? Can I incorporate an LLC in Delaware without a Delaware address?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Can a Florida real estate licensee receive any kind of gift or money from clients at any time? Can a Florida real estate licensee receive any kind of gift or money from clients at any time?	Employment Questions	Ohio
Question regarding an error in judgement by dating a co-worker? I  am a female  who made an error in judgement by dating a co-worker.  The individual made an unauthorized video/ or audio recording of me and disseminated it to other co-workers.  I am being insulted daily directly and indirectly by bosses and other employees. The company is trying to force me to leave.  I was told by someone who is not an attorney - not to leave and force them to fire me. Is that the best thing to do?  Is there anything that I can do?  Should I simply count this as a lesson learned and leave?	Employment Questions	Florida
What recourse do we have to remove a verbally abusive minor from our home? We have an out of control verbally abusive 16 year old son that we would like to have removed from our home. What recourse do we have? We live in Orange county, California.	Family Questions	California
Legal if my accrued personal time was taken away? As an employee of a Social Service  agency (non governmental), I recently was demoted to a PRN position from a part time position without my knowledge. I discovered this had happened when I received my paycheck. I lost $2.30 an hour and the ability to accrue vacation hrs. I was paid for the vac. days I had coming to me but was told that the 12 hrs. I had accrued for personal time was taken away. Is this legal? I know it's not a lot of money but it's the principal of the situation.Thank you for our advice and council.John C. Brown(502) 614-5080	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Am I entitled to any benefits from a marriage of 17 years but been separated the last 9 years? Am I entitled to any benefits from a marriage of 17 years but been separated the last 9 years?	Family Questions	Georgia
Does my ex have legal claim to our house? I bought a house a few months ago (paid it off in cash). But both my name and my boyfriend's name are on the title.  We are on the edge of separating and I need to know if he has any legal claim to the house, despite the fact he didn't pay anything for it.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can my employer fire me cause I am court ordered to pick my kids up on Sunday and I cannot work that day? I work a retail job. can my employer fire me because I am court ordered to pick my kids up on Sunday and I cannot work that day?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
When someone moves out of your house, how long do you have to keep their stuff? In Mississippi, when someone moves out of your house, how long do you have to keep their stuff?	Family Questions	Mississippi
Can my check be garnished if I am already paying restitution on the debt? Can my check be garnished if I am already paying restitution on the debt?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Do I and other employees have a case against our former Employer? Do I and other employees have a case against our former Employer? I and a few others were previously let go from our job under the pretense of Bad Work Ethic, which when I contacted HR after previously contacting them about verbal abuse was asked what did Bad Work Ethic mean. Before being let go, I and other employees were constantly verbally abused, as well as being threatened with losing our employment. We were constantly forced into mandatory unpaid meetings, that would last anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour. My roommate whom I introduced to the company was let go shortly after she asked for such things as an application to sign, she had started working before filling one out, as well as safety procedures and the worker handbook.	Employment Questions	California
Can I double dip by getting paid for six-week maternity leave and get paid for vacation? Can I double dip by getting paid for six-week maternity leave and get paid for vacation the same year?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Recourse for passing a pre-employment drug test but have to take another test entirely? I took and passed a pre-employment drug test. I received an email that I would be contacted for a start date as soon as the company received notice that I passed the pre-employment physical. I did pass this, per the physician on the day I completed it. That has been over three weeks ago. I was contacted today by the company HR and told that they saw something in the Report on the physical that they were concerned about. Now they want me to take a Functional Capacity Eval. I thought the doctor doing the physical could only disclose the fact that I passed or failed.I passed even though I had open heart surgery in Aug. 2010. Doctor released me in April with no restrictions. Plus I am 54. Do I have in recourse? Oh, this is in Virginia	Employment Questions	Virginia
Am I at risk of losing my PA driver&#39;s license if I received a DUI in Virgina while on vacation? I received a DUI in Virgina while on vacation. Am I at risk of losing my PA driver's license?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Does a storage facility have to give tenants 30 days notice if the storage facility is closing? Does a storage facility have to give tenants 30 days notice to remove their property if the storage facility is closing?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Would I get my greencard if I marry a man in jail? Would I get my greencard if I marry a man in jail?	Immigration Questions	New York
How to give guardianship of your child to your sister if something was to happen to you? How to give guardianship of your child to your sister if you're a single mom and something was to happen to you?	Family Questions	Virginia
Do I need to change names on the timeshare property? I'm recently divorced in DuPage, Illinois and as a part of maritalsettlement I was given a timeshare property. I want to know ifit's necessary to transfer the property solely in myname and remove my ex spouse's name, or can I just leaveit as is? And eventually it will be deeded to our children.Thank you	Family Questions	Illinois
If a tenant has not called my repariman back within a reasonable time to do a repair, as the owner of the single family house, can I give him a key to do the job as long as a 24 hour notice is given, or must I accompany the repair man? The repair is just a shower valve that leaks.	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Indiana
What are my options as a tenant if I accidentally opened my landlord&#39;s letter of foreclosure? I got a certified letter addressed to Head of Household and when I opened it it was to the landlord stating that the property would foreclose in 30 to 90 days. As a tenant what are my options?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can people take the house away from my dad when the deed is still in my grandfather&#39;s name? My grandfather had a house in VA. He died. The house was abandoned. The city was going to tear down the house so my dad took over the house. He pays the taxes on it so the city let him keep the house. But now some of the family keep trying to take the house. Can they take it from him? The deed is still in my grandfather's name but the property taxes is in my grandfather and my dad's name. Can they take the house from him or what can he do to stop them from taking it?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Is it wrong if CPS took my child recently because I was the only supervisor? I was awarded sole custody of my 17-month-old son because i successfully completed reunification programs and unfortunately the mother did not. It was my understanding that her visits could be supervised by either me or the mother's aunt because my sole custody judgement papers state child's visits with the mother are to be supervised by the father and/or the maternal aunt. CPS took my child recently because i was the only supervisor. Is this wrong??	Family Questions	California
How many people may occupy a 3 bedroom home? I was wondering how many people may occupy a 3 bedroom home?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Need to provide my bank statements even though I have not received any request from Domestic relations? The defendant's lawyer in my child support case (PA) is requesting copies of my bank statements. Do I need to provide them even though I have not received anything from Domestic relations requesting such documents?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there anything I can do if I&#39;m not able to sell the house until I pay the mortgage of my late parents? My parents signed over their home in MA in 2000 and kept a life estate for themselves. In 2006, they wanted me to get a reverse mortgage but I was not old enough. They were able to get a reverse mortgage without me signing. A title search was not done by anyone before they were given the mortgage. My mother died on 8/7/10 and my father died on 10/27/10. I found out in September 2010 that they owed $224,000 on the mortgage. I was not able to sell the house until I agreed to pay the full amount of the mortgage. I do not think this was fair or legal. I did not sign for any mortgage and therefore had no control over how much money was taken out. Is there anything I can do? I am the sole heir.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How do I get a divorce dismissed? How do I get a divorce dismissed?	Family Questions	Georgia
What do I need to do to get a divorce if my wife disappeared after she left jail? Hello I live in TN. My wife has been in jail for 9 months she got out and disappeared once again. What do I need to do to get a divorce?	Family Questions	Florida
Can the school make me drop the course if the university lists different perquisites in the course syllabus? My university listed prerequisites differently in the course syllabus than in the course catalog.  I relied on the syllabus.  Can they make me drop the course?	Employment Questions	Missouri
What is the definition of a 20-day preliminary notice? What is the definition of a 20-day preliminary Notice?	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal to take those same dues and not get any benefits from union at all? I belong to Boilermakers Local 1 in Chicago. I also work for the city of Chicago. I receive my pension and health care thru city. Is it legal for the union to charge me same union dues as people in private sector. Plus is it legal to take those same dues and not get any benefits from union at all? I am retiring soon and have been paying almost $3,000.00 per year in union dues and getting nothing in return!	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is There Any Recourse On The Original Seller Buying Back The Van The New Plugs Or Paying To Fix It? Good Morning. My Name Is Todd And I Have A Question: I Have Purchased A Used 2000 Ford Cargo Van From A Private Party On June 6 For My Work. I Went Out To Look At It Drove It & Liked What I Saw. It Has 118000 Miles On It On June 25. I Blew A Spark Plug Out Not Even 500 Miles On The Van. It Went Out Just By A Good Year Shop And I Had All The Spark Plugs Done Plus A Tap For The One I Blew Out. Later It Still Is Not Right Because They Are Saying That There Is A Possible Crack In The Head Of The Engine & Likely That Already Happened. It Can Be A Min Of 3000, 4000 To Take The Engine Out To Fix It In California Law. Is There Any Recourse On The Original Seller Buying Back The Van The New Plugs Or Paying To Fix It? thanks	Consumer Questions	California
How long should a statement be for contested issues in a divorce, regarding pre-trial conference? How long should a statement be for contested issues in a divorce, regarding pre-trial conference? How detailed should I be I guess I should say?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Can the mother give her newborn baby the father&#39;s last name without him being present at the birth? I want to know if a mother can give her newborn baby the father's last name with out him being present at the baby's birth? Thank you. Ellery ball. Email address&#101;&#x6c;&#x6c;&#x65;&#114;&#x79;&#x2e;&#98;&#97;&#108;&#108;&#52;&#51;&#x40;&#x67;&#x6d;&#97;&#x69;&#x6c;&#46;&#x63;&#x6f;&#109;	Family Questions	Michigan
What is the max hours your employer can force you to work in one day? What is the max hours your employer can force you to work in one day?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Question regarding a furniture/electronics company suing me? hello, i am being sued by a furniture/electronics company. They say I owe them $3,300 that I breached the contract with them. I have not worked since 09/11. What can i do?	Consumer Questions	Florida
How can I remove my name on the house now belonging to my ex-husband? My divorce was finalized, with the property divided and the judge signed the paperwork. My former spouse got the house, but it is still in my name. He was told to refinance or do what ever he had to to get my name off.  This was 6 month ago and he has done nothing. I cannot purchase anything until my name is removed. What steps can be taken to get my name removed?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
What to do if I gave birth to a girl and now say I signed all my right away but want to keep her? I live in WI and gave birth to baby girl. Now they say I signed all my rights away and I want to keep her. I am 21 years old.	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Can I avoid eviction if I missed one month&#39;s rent but will pay later? If I owe 1 months rent and haven't paid but will pay before the 1st of december and an eviction was filed, will it be safe to stay? I've been at the same apartment for two years, and just this month fell on hard times.	Leasing Questions	Texas
What is the statue of limitations against a home builder? What is the statue of limitations against a home builder in the State of Illinois?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Question regarding increases in late rent because they screwed up that we should pay more? I got a notice on 6-22-12 stating we owe $390 this month 7-1-12.Then when we pay the $390 on the 1st. of this month 7-1-12 then on the 11th the manager posts a notice on door saying we owe $135 in three days. I have the notices to prove this.They're claiming that because they screwed up that they want us to pay more money. We were going to move in on the 15th of may but we had to move on the 10th. Now they want us to pay $135 more after we paid the rent. I would like to know if they have a leg to stand on at this  point.	Family Questions	California
Is there anyway to find out if my mother received child support? I am 34 years old and my father has never been apart of my life. His father died recently which brought us together for the funeral. I confronted him about never being there, and he said he paid child support for me until I was 18. Which my mother said she didn't receive a dime of and I never saw it either. I know someone between my mother and father is lying. Is there anyway to find out if my mother received child support?  Has the state been holding child support all these years that we did not receive? or did he just not pay child support at all? My mother also was on welfare all of her life wouldn't they have caught this and made him pay?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can a US citizen have a subpoena in the Philippines if it is just a civil unrest case? Can a US citizen have a subpoena in the Philippines if it is just a civil unrest case?	Family Questions	California
What constitutes an illegal roadblock in MI? What constitutes an illegal roadblock in MI? We have an issue with a roadblock being established for no other reason than to appease a request to redirect traffic due to construction on another road. Is this legal?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
What can I do if the company I work for does not pay me for my days I worked? What can I do if the company I work for does not pay me for my days I worked?	Employment Questions	California
Question about a law firm and a tolling agreement? A law firm signed a tolling agreement to toll the statute of limitations from a possible malpractice claim against them. The law firm is now claiming that the " fracture" in the representation occurred earlier than the agreed upon data in the tolling agreement, and now exceeds the statute of limitations. Can this supposedly earlier date now in -validate the signed agreed upon date in the tolling agreement?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Would my son&#39;s father still owe me child support if he signed off his rights to me? My son's father would like to sign off his rights to me. Would he still owe back child support to me?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What should I do if I was in a car accident several years ago and now being sued on it? I was in a car accident in 2007, and yesterday recieved a civil lawsuit from the other driver's lawyer. I had full coverage. But I have no money, and I am not sure why someone would do this.  What should I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Maryland
I would like to know why if my children&#39;s father is receiving social security retirement? I would like to know why if my children's father is receiving social security retirement? I am not receiving any payment on the arrears he owes me. The case is an interstate one and is supposed t be enforced be Fl. He retired in Jan. 2012. I was receiving regular payments until then. My daughters are 21 and he also has a 13-year-old son that is receiving child support.	Family Questions	New York
If you&#39;ve been working days for years and now your job demands that you work nights when you&#39;re not able to would be you be able to collect unemployment? If you've been working days for years and now your job demands that you work nights when you're not able to would be you be able to collect unemployment?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can the broker release the earnest money to us since one of the sellers has signed the mutual agreement stating no repairs will done? Concerning Indiana Real Estate Rule 24-i am the seller and buyer violated purchase agreement by taking down light fixture and replacing w/a $10 fixture. Also, home inspection did not pass and i signed the mutual agreement and so did one of the sellers. The 2nd seller, his ex-wife has had the mutual agreement and copy of home inspection for over 2 weeks. Her and her lawyer will review but have not responded.  Can the broker release the earnest money to us since one of the sellers has signed the mutual agreement stating no repairs will done?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Legal to make employees work 8 1/2 hours with a 30-minute lunch at the last minute? I work eight hour days with a hour lunch.  My job gives mandatory thirty minute lunches some of the time.  The mandatory lunch is given the same day usually three-four hours into the shift.  Is that legal to make employees work 8 1/2hrs with a 30 minute lunch at the last minute?	Employment Questions	Texas
How can I find out if contract was changed? I am currently employed as an iron worker last year when we unloaded the first phase of trucks we were paid a prevailing wage of 57.64 per hour. However when we began construction of building in November 2011 we were told it would be our regular pay which mine is 10.30 per hour the explanation was that the contract was changed. My question is how can I find out if contract was changed?	Employment Questions	New York
What can I do to get out of a lease I signed and changed my mind? I signed a lease and change my mind. What can I do to get out of it?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
If my husband refinanced his house &amp; I am not on the loan, am I responsible for the debt after he dies? If my husband refinanced his house and I am not on the loan, am I responsible for the debt in the event of his death?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
If ordered by the court to pay for both Lawyers, should the one older to pay get a bill from the other lawyer? If a person is order by the court to pay for both Lawyers in a Divorce, should the one older to pay get a bill from the other ones Lawyer or should they send the Money to the X and hope they Pay it ?	Family Questions	Florida
How is the statute of limitations work in my situation with a credit card issue? In 2007, $15,000 was charged to my credit card by a lawyer I hired.  This amount was only to be a "hold" pending payment from a 401(k) I was cashing in.  A few weeks later, I paid the lawyer in full with the 401(k) money and no charge was to be posted to my credit card.  I learned today that, in fact, the charge was never reversed and the lawyer had failed to account for the $15,000 he obtained on my credit card.  I have repeatedly written to him, but he insists that he does not owe me anything.  Although all this took place at the end of 2007, I was unable to obtain the proof needed until this week.  Can I still sue this person?  How is the statute of limitations work in this situation?  I would like to file a Bar Complaint ...if possible	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is is legal to wear a mask, such as those used by furries and cos-players in public in Connecticut? Is is legal to wear a mask, such as those used by furries and cos-players in public in Connecticut? I would like to wear the mask from the Predator movies and I just wanted to make sure it's legal.	Criminal Questions	Vermont
Is it legal to fire someone because they live with someone they are not married to? Is it legal to fire someone because they live with someone they are not married to?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What information must be on an oxygen prescription to dispense oxygen to a patient? What information must be on an oxygen prescription to dispense oxygen to a patient?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
Question regarding my late parents and having no will? My father passed away in February 2012 and my mom died 10 years ago. Neither one had a will. My father remarried about 8 years ago. My parents owned a ceramic business and bought a house mortgage still today owing. Were all broke whats my legal rights?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Washington
Can 501 c 3 non profit organizations give loan to their members? Can 501 c 3 non profit organizations give loan to their members?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	West Virginia
Can a landlord require renters to sign a lease after notifying landlord of intent to vacate? My girlfriend and I are renting a house from her ex husband an new wife.  We have been there more than a year. There is no lease and never has been. We told them were were look at buying a house and when we got if we would give them a 30 day notice.  We have placed an offer down on a house and currently waiting for every thing to go through. They are telling us we have 30 days to get out or sign a 6 month lease. Can he do this?	Real Estate Questions	Arizona
What is punishment for nonconsensual taping and distributing video of person having sex? What is the legal punishment for taping and distributing a video of someone having sex without their consent?	Criminal Questions,Personal Injury Questions,Privacy Questions	Illinois
If I am 16 and just got my license, can my 15-year-old friend ride in the car if my parent is in the car? If I am 16 and just got my license, can my 15-year-old friend ride in the car if my parent is in the car?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
After I received a Foreclosure summons, can it be prolonged? Foreclosure summons received.  Can it be prolonged?  9 months behind, owner out of the country.  Must respond to summons by 9/20	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I&#39;m working full-time, how many days do I have to work before a day off? If I'm working full-time, how many days do I have to work before a day off?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can a NCP sign off parental rights if the CP&#39;s spouse wants to adopt the child? Can a NCP sign off parental rights if the CP's spouse wants to adopt the child?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I get my truck back? OK, me and another guy wanted to trade vehicles (my '96 Toyota for his '74 jeep). He didn't have his title in his name yet, so we decided to take the others vehicle to try them out until the title came in, (that was the gentleman agreement portion), we wrote up a quick bill of sale to avoid any legal issues while driving someone else's vehicle. It was not signed by both parties & his was signed by me and mine was signed by him, but neither signed by both. Within 28 days the jeep died, and now he wont give me my truck back. i still have my truck title and he still has his jeep title. My truck is licensed and registered in my name still. and we wrote on the bill of sale that we would switch titles at a later date. Can I get my truck back?	Consumer Questions,Criminal Questions,Finance Questions	Arkansas
Can I view a video that the DA has before he issues a warrant? Can I view a video that the DA has before he issues a warrant?	Criminal Questions	California
What are the laws on child restraint seats in cars? In MA, what are the laws on child restraint seats in cars?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can MA extradite me from MN for probation violation from 1989? Can MA extradite me from MN for probation violation from 1989?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Can a person with assets in India and America have 2 separate wills? Can a person with assets in India and America have 2 separate wills?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Can I be made to clock out 30 minutes for lunch if I work a 6 hour shift? Can I be made to clock out 30 minutes for lunch if I work a 6 hour shift?	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do legally if I work in a hostile work environment and HR has done nothing? I work in a hostile work environment where my employer is constantly belittling us. We have complained with human resources with our company and they told us they don't care what happened. She is and will be our manager!  What can we do legally?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Legal if my landlord randomly showed up and says he wants me to vacate in 30 days? I've been renting a house for 8 years and the landlord just showed up and said he wants me to vacate in 30 days. I pay my rent on time every month. Is this okay? Can I get more time?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
If a person has had a stroke, can speak and has movement but not quite able to sign their name, can one with a Power of Attorney sign his/her tax return? If a person has had a stroke, can speak, has movement but not quite able to sign their name, can one with a Power of Attorney sign his/her tax return, and if so, how?  In the taxpayer's name or the person's own with POA after the signature?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
For a mobile search app, Am I required to get consent from the business to add them to my search? I have an idea for a mobile search app. I will be charging $1.99 for this app. Am I required to get consent from the business to add them to my search or can i simply go head with designing my app? Thanks Candace	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Indiana
How can my friend get a job with no SSN and has an F-1 student visa? My friend has an F-1 student visa and would like to get a job to earn money. How can he get a job with no SSN? I have an LLC and would hire him to do internet development no problem. I can't at this moment but would If I could.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Father never comes on scheduled visitation days. What are my options for a father that doesn't keep up his end of the visitation order? He has set days to come but never does. Always says he is to busy with work. I tell him let's go back to court to change days but doesn't want to because he is behind on support. What to do?	Family Questions	Virginia
Do you have the right to ask why you didn&#39;t get the new position? Do you have the right to ask why you didn't get the new position?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can my boyfriend get a loan without his wife&#39;s signature when buying a house? My boyfriend and I want to buy a house. He is married. Can he get a loan without his wife's signature? They have been separated for 2 years. Can he buy the house and put my name on the mortgage/home?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
My wife and I have a bedroom closet.  The clothing &quot;rack pole&quot; made of wood broke.  We could not wait for the management company to send someone for the repair. We deducted the $175.00 bill from our rent and provided them with a copy of the invoice.  They returned our rent check.  What should we do?	Leasing Questions	California
Do you pay alimony before the divorce is finalized? Do you pay alimony before the divorce is finalized?	Family Questions	New York
Can your work take a 30 min. break out of your day when you do not get that 30 min break? Can a place you work for take a 30 min. break out of your day when in fact you do not get that 30 min break? It's only three (3) people working your shift and we are always busy and do not get time for a break.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a grandparent sponsor a child for immigration? Can a grandparent sponsor a child for immigration?	Family Questions	Florida
What is the usual sentence for criminal harassment for a person with no record? what is the usual sentence for criminal harassment for a person with no record?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
Does my boyfriend have to pay child support when our son is born if we are not married? Does my boyfriend have to pay child support when our son is born if we are not married?	Family Questions	New York
Do I still owe arrears to my ex for those last 18 months? My stipulation states that I had primary residency of my son and that my child support would resume. It ended in Jun 2010. However, my son remained with me with my ex wife's knowledge. He graduated in Jan 2012. I covered all his expenses while he has lived with me. Do I still owe arrears to her for those last 18 months?V/r,Jason	Family Questions	Texas
When I give my 30 day notice October 1, 2012, do I still have to pay rent for the  month? When I give my 30 day notice October 1, 2012, do I still have to pay rent for the  month?	Real Estate Questions	California
Even legal for my mother to tell me she&#39;s calling my car in as stolen if I don&#39;t sign the title over to me? I bought a car last summer. My mom put it in her name because she said insurance reasons. She's now saying if I don't sign the title she's calling it in stolen and won't drop charges on me. My apartment burnt down and I cannot afford to get to where she is. She's saying she would come this weekend but I work 8am-10pm both days for REM and cannot give her their addresses. Is this even legal to tell me she's calling my car in stolen or how does this work? I have the texts saying shes trying to get me to sign the title over to my name or she's calling the cops.	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
What can I do to get the $1,500 owed to me by my former tenants? I'm a landlord. My former tenants broke a 2 year lease early by agreeing to pay the contractually obligated $5,000 early termination fee. They only paid $3,500 b/c they deducted their $1,500 security deposit.  There are damages to the property exceeding $1,500 and my new tenant is required I take care of the damages before moving-in so of course I did.  What can I do to get the $1,500 owed to me by my former tenants?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	Virginia
What to tell my brother if he has power of attorney for our parent&#39;s accounts, not custodial care? My brother has instructed me to remove myself from our parent's home. Our parents are transitioning to a care facility. He has power of attorney for their checking account, not custodial care. My father has no awareness of this, and is able to clearly express his will on such matters. What should  I say to my brother? I plan to leave in about two weeks anyway. I am here to help out my parents. I am moving from Alaska back to my home state (where my parents live) but not back to their town. My apartment will not be ready until 7/5/12 in Oregon.	Family Questions	Oregon
What is the process in eviction for non-payment of cindo assessments? What is the process in eviction for non-payment of cindo assessments?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What should I do if a phone store threatened to smash my phone into 1000 pieces? A phone store threatened to smash my phone into 1000 pieces. What should/could I do about it?	Consumer Questions	Florida
How can I fight my stepbrother regarding my late, adopted mother&#39;s will? My adopted mother made a will long time ago, but the power of attorney is my step brother.  How can I fight him regarding her will?	Family Questions	New York
Who legally has to move out if the title has a discrepancy? My fiance and I own a home together and both of our names are on the title. But on the title it has an or between the names instead of and. We split up and he is telling me I have to move out with our 2 children and I have no place to go and if I leave the children and I will be living on the street. Legally who has to move out? Him or the children and I?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How many hours do you work before getting a break? How many hours do you work before getting a break?	Employment Questions	New York
Can an executor be removed for bias actions? Can an executor be removed for bias actions?	Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
I accidentally paid a home insurance premium twice: by check and again online payment.  When I called the insurance company for a refund for the second payment, they said they didn&#39;t receive it.  I have the cancelled check and my bank tells me they have proof. What should I do?	Finance Questions,Retail Law Questions	Virginia
Do I still receive my comp check even if I get my earned vacation pay that week as scheduled? Do I still receive my comp check even if I get my earned vacation pay that week as scheduled?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Did Illinois ever recognize common law marriage? Did Illinois ever recognize common law marriage?	Family Questions	Illinois
Do I have a possible malpractice suit due to my high level of addition? My doctor prescribed opioid pain killer for ten years. Now he has decided to drop me as a patience due to a misunderstanding. Do I have a possible malpractice suit due to my high level of addition?	Personal Injury Questions	Ohio
I need advise on handling child custody case? Joint Custody: My child always came back with something wrong with her health like a bloody nose, with a red bruise on the side of her face, red rash with bumps on her bottom, flu, bad colds and upper respiratory infection. And I never new this was going on because when I call to check on her, I never got an answer or received her back. So, I stopped sending her concerned about my daughter's safety and is only 19 months. We have to go back to court and he's trying to have me serve 45 days in jail. What am I looking at with this situation and how should I handle it?  Thanks, really concerned about my daughter she's my only child.	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can criminal charges be filed on a parent if they have to work and can not meet other parent to exchange? Can criminal charges be filed on a parent if they have to work and can not meet other parent to exchange child at the court ordered time? Other parent has been notifies but refuses to pick up daughter at a later time.	Family Questions	New Mexico
Am I still liable to buy a vehicle or is the car lot suppose to return my deposit since I no longer want the vehicle? On Saturday I went to a used car lot and ended up signing a contract and putting a deposit on the car. When I drove the car home within the evening the front end starts popping and the engine light came on.  I did not sign any finance paperwork and I never gave the car lot my check stubs etc., for the finance company.  When I took the car back to get my money back they refused and gave me the option of looking at other vehicles, putting the car I wanted in the shop for repairs and also gave me a few days to decide what I wanted to do.  Now since the finance paperwork has not been done. Am I still liable to buy a vehicle or is the car lot suppose to return my deposit since I no longer want the vehicle?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Can my daughter&#39;s work fire her if she doesn&#39;t give the doctor&#39;s note? My daughter was out of work on 6/17/2012. She brought in a doctor's work excuse note from the ER. Her employer wants the DC paper with a diagnoses on it. She doesn't want them to know her diagnosis. can they fire her if she doesn't give the dc notes from missing one day of work?	Family Questions	New York
Ex-wife wants reimbursements for children&#39;s expenses. Do I have to reimburse my ex-wife for expenses of my children when she writes off on her company. I feel I'm paying for her company expenses not her personnel expenses?	Family Questions	Colorado
How do I go about having my siblings evicted when I live on a reservation in South Dakota? I need some free advice on a question about a Will. I was given my mothers house in a Will, now my siblings moved in and don't want to move out. they have the power (electricity) phone and cable turned on in their names. My question is how do I go about having them evicted, I live on a reservation in South Dakota? We have on the reservation a person who pays $50.00 and they could represent the people.	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
What business-related mileage other than commuting can I claim? I started my own cleaning business. Can I claim mileage for trips to buy supplies and other activities related to my business other than commuting miles?	Administrative Law Questions	Michigan
What can I do about youth court calling a dhs worker about having temporary custody order to keep mother? What can I do about youth court calling a dhs worker about having temporary custody order to keep mother from kids?	Family Questions	Mississippi
If old employer is slandering my name and stopping me from getting a job do I have the right to sue him? If my old employer is slandering my name and stopping me from getting a job do I have the right to sue him? And how would I?	Employment Questions	Indiana
If its not stated in your rental agreement that you would be charge $350.00 per month to have a guest stay with you for 4 months, am I obligated to pay that?	Leasing Questions	Colorado
How can I ask the court to have the order of protection issued by them dropped? I filed a police report under stress and not in the right state of mind.  I spoke to the District Attorney stating the defendant (my husband) is innocent. The DA is still going forward to prosecute knowing I want to dismiss these false charges.  Family court has dropped the order of protection. How can I ask the court to have the order of protection issued by them dropped?No one will talk to me or help me.  Monday is the court date for my husband and I want to know if I can file motion to dismiss this order but how do I get the judge to see my request.  If they adjourn this Monday without knowing I want to dismiss this case, then the order will still be active and I need my husband home.	Criminal Questions	New York
After 4 months can a grievance be active? I am a supervisor and i was just informed one of my employees filed a grievance on me back in April of 2012. My supervisor just informed me of this but I have not seen any paper work yet.  After 4 months can this grievance be active?	Employment Questions	California
Question about apartment ownership? I moved from NYC housing in 2010. I didn't sign any papers to give up my apartment. I didn't give my keys back my self. My sister gave them back for me.	Real Estate Questions	New York
What do I do to allow the father of my child to sign away his rights if he isn&#39;t around? The father of my child hasn't been around for over a year. What do I do to allow him to sign away his rights?	Family Questions	Florida
What&#39;s the statue of limitations for billing a customer for services rendered? What's the statue of limitations for billing a customer for services rendered?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Georgia
Would like to know that if the two seven straight days periods of the father&#39;s weekend counts towards it? I have primary custody of my daughter. Would like to know that if the two seven straight days periods of the father's weekend counts towards that or not?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How to short sale? How to short sale?	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if my children&#39;s grandfather left them his estate but they&#39;re afraid grandmother is stealing it? About 8 years ago my children's grandfather had left them his estate but the children are afraid that their grandmother is stealing it. Not sure what we can do. HELP?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
How do we handle insurance and child support if my 17-year-old wants to live with his dad? I am custodial parent of a 17-year-old boy. He now wants to live with his dad for his last year.  We don't know how to handle insurance and child support now.	Family Questions	Florida
How can I place a lien against a person&#39;s property if they aren&#39;t repaying as they agreed to? I loaned someone 10,000.00 dollars. Now she isn't repaying me back as she agreed. How can I place a lien against her property ?	Finance Questions	California
How can father prove mother in another state unfit for custody? How can a father get custody of his 4-year old son, that lives in another state? What is the best way to prove that the mother is unfit? Should we hire a PI?	Family Questions	Tennessee
Work conditions for extreme hot and cold? Can a superintendent of a school make the custodians work if it's extremely hot or cold?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is it legal to monitor employee&#39;s personal vehicle with GPS? Can you monitor an employee with gps tracking if they are using their own vehicle?	Employment Questions	New York
Can separated employee work as consultant with competitor? In employment separation agreements that include a 'bridge to retirement,' there is usually a clause that prior to retirement the employee will not accept employment with a competitor. What if the separated employee works as a consultant? How strictly are these agreements enforced?	Employment Questions	Maryland
Is the landlord required to provide a washer and dryer to all tenants? My landlord has provided a washer and dryer for both of the downstairs tenants. Is he required to provide one for the upstairs tenants (me) also? Downstairs is electric, upstairs is gas.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I pay land if rental home being sold by bank? I'm renting a place and its to be sold by the bank on the 28th of this month. Do I have to pay the land?	Leasing Questions	Michigan
Can a husband sue the executor of his wife&#39;s father&#39;s will on her behalf without her knowledge of consent? Can a husband sue the executor of his wife's father's will on her behalf without her knowledge of consent? NOTE: Wife is of sound mind and perfectly healthy.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Connecticut
Can I be held responsible for any damage in my late-father&#39;s apartment? My father passed away 2 days ago. I have been estranged for several years. Can I be held responsible for any damage in his apartment? Also, am I responsible to have the stuff thrown out?  I have never co-signed any paperwork.	Real Estate Questions	California
At what age does a child have to be to choose what parent he wants to live with? At what age does a child have to be to choose what parent he wants to live with?	Family Questions	Florida
How long does the foreclosure process take in Utah, specifically with Utah housing corporation? How long does the foreclosure process take in Utah, specifically with utah housing corporation? Do they use judicial or non judicial processes? I'd like to know exactly what to expect and when.	Real Estate Questions	Utah
Can free pictures on Google be copied and used in my book? I found pictures on Google which states that they are free. Does this mean that I can copy them and put them in a new book I am writing?	Copyright Questions	Missouri
What is title number on planned communities? What is the title number of the Pennsylvania law on planned communities?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What is termination of residual parental rights? What is termination of residual parental rights?	Family Questions	Virginia
What can I do if I need to dissolve the company but can&#39;t sign anything since I am not a director? My deceased wife was the only director (sole proprietor) and the incorporater of a S Corporation in California. I now need to dissolve the company but cannot sign the Articles of Dissolution since I am not  a director and there are no one else that can sign the form. Please tell me what I can do? Thank you, Richard.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Is it legal to pay barely above minimum wage for a night shift? Is it legal to pay barely above minimum wage for a night shift licensed mechanic and no chance of getting a raise for full time work plus overtime?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What should I do if my employer wants me to send them an old paycheck to be recut? My employer wants me to send them an old paycheck to be recut even though they have already told me it is real and has not been cashed. I'm afraid that if I send the check it will be the last time I hear from them. Any suggestions on how I should this situation?	Employment Questions	Florida
How much will be the cost to hire a real state lawyer to close the deal of a commercial building when it&#39;s costing $600,000? How much will be the cost to hire a real state lawyer to close the deal of a commercial building when it's costing $600,000?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
What to do if I have an issue with the previous owners about an unwanted note? I have an issue with the previous owners about a note that was put on the home when it should not have?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question about filing a non-contested divorce? I want to file a non-contested divorce.  I was Married for 1 year.  Each party will keep possession they had previous to marriage.  Both parties agree on the division of items and property.	Family Questions	Oregon
Possible for my ex to take the home if something happens to me if I did not put his name on the deed? I bought a house in my name before I was divorced from my husband while he was in prison, but once he was release we both filed for a divorce. Is it possible for him to take the home if something happens to me if I did not put his name on the deed	Family Questions	Ohio
Does the father of the child who is now 18 and going to college in the Fall still get child support? In the state of Virginia does the father of the child who is now 18 and going to college in the Fall still get child support?	Family Questions	Florida
What to do with car service not fixing problem? I need to know what to do about my car getting serviced and still having the same problems?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
What is the statue limitation of a divorce judgement? What is the statue limitation of a divorce judgement?	Family Questions	California
Is it legal to quote prices lower than existing rent to prospective tenants? I received arental formrenewal offer from my apartment complex quoting me: $1129/mo for a 12 month lease, $1250/mo for a 3 month lease, or month to month for $1422. Over the phone they are quoting my same apartment for $200+/month cheaper to potential tenants. Is this legal in Colorado?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Can I take my ex to small claims court to get reimbursed for the necklace? I bought my boyfriend a $600 gold chain necklace for no occasion and he recently just up and left me when I didn't know anything was even wrong. I found out he recently pawned it for $138 for gas money. I want the necklace back. Can I take him to small claims court to get reimbursed for the necklace?	Consumer Questions,Family Questions	Wisconsin
If there is no signed contract for a leased boat slip and a payment is made on which the receipt from the dock says &quot;paid in full,&quot; can that boat dock win a lawsuit for additional payments that they say are due? If there is no signed contract for a leased boat slip and a payment is made on which the receipt from the dock says "paid in full," can that boat dock win a lawsuit for additional payments that they say are due?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Tennessee
Am I locked into a foreclose stop date? Am I locked into a foreclose stop date?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If I am kicked out am I emancipated? If I am kicked out am I emancipated?	Family Questions	California
How hard would it be for me to get custody of my 9-year-old niece? How hard would it be for me to get custody of my 9-year-old niece?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Can I ride golf cart on street? I live in Homestead, Florida. I'm disabled with multiple sclerosis. I want to purchase a golf cart so I can navigate through my neighborhood and walk my dog. Can I legally ride the golf cart in the street?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Our neighbors have closed the bridge that crosses the creek and is the only way to our home. They claim that they own the bridge and we have offered to help repair it but they want it their way in which we cannot afford. Now we cant get our cars across the creek. What should we do?	Real Estate Questions	West Virginia
Can I file the unpaid balance on chapter 13 and the rest that&#39;s on my credit report? I'm behind a certain amount of money on my house and I'm trying to keep my house. Can I file the unpaid balance on chapter 13 and the rest that's on my credit report?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Is there anything I can do to get custody or be able to see my kids when my wife ran away? My wife is pregnant and ran away. Is there anything I can do to get custody or be able to see my kids if they are born? Is there a way I can fight for custody if she has police reports on her criminal actions?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can you request your personal info back? Can you request your personal information back if you choose not to go through with renting during the background check?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
If I purchased a home, doesn&#39;t my apt have to let me out of the lease without penalty? If I purchased a home, doesn't my apt have to let me out of the lease without penalty?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
HR requesting I get certification for FMLA leave. HR came to me requesting that I get certification for intermittent FMLA leave. I was told HR even if I am approved, I would still be required to bring in a note each time I called off although our policy is that employees may be required to bring a note after 2 or more consecutive days of absence.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can you not allow a Public Health investigator in your home because of cats? Can you not allow a Public Health investigator in your home because of cats?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How can I protect myself from retaliation from a teacher? Hi, my criminal justice teacher at trade school is no longer allowed to administer physical punishment during class (pushups) due to a complaint from a athletic coach. On the last day of school, my teacher and I got into a argument because he was trying to make me do pushups when I of course knew we didnt have to. He tried to tell me it was insubordination and would take my rank away (nothing happened--I still refused). Anyway, our instructor is teaching a Security Course to get us our security guard license. He would he legally be allowed to administer physical punishment during the Security Guard Course. How can I protect myself from retaliation?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Can I claim an abandoned car that hasn&#39;t been registered in 5 years? Can I claim an abandoned car that hasn't been registered in 5 years?	Consumer Questions	California
Who is responsible for a home equity loan separate from the mortgage in a divorce? I am getting a divorce and am buying the other person out. Who is responsible for a home equity loan separate from the mortgage?	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
Can a landlord evict you for putting a car cover on your car? Can a landlord evict you for putting a car cover on your car?	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if I asked my landlord to fix my sink &amp; took 5 months &amp; now he has gave us a eviction notice? i asked my landlord to fix my bathroom sink it took him 5 mo to fix it and now he has gave us a eviction notice.	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it proper and lawful to be charged with warrants and while being held, get indicted on the same warrants? Is it proper and lawful to be charged with warrants and while being held, get indicted on the same warrants?	Family Questions	Virginia
Legal for loan broker to share documents? Is that legal for a  loan broker to share the buyer's asset and debt worksheet with the seller?	Securities Questions	California
Will the divorce still go through if my wife refuses to sign any paper work? I have filed for divorce in Potter County Pa. My wife now refuses to sign any paper work. Will the divorce still go through?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Does California law entitle me to copies of documents I sign such as renters agreements and renters applications? Does California law entitle me to copies of documents I sign such as renters agreements and renters applications?I have made several requests including time at signing, now its been 4 months and I have received nothing!	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding transferring to a new apartment and not seeing it before signing lease? I live in apartment and we are transferring to new apartment. We are not able see the new apartment before signing new lease. We have been told that we are making noise late at night and early in the morning.  Please advice us.  Thank you  Renee	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Is it legal to throw a 17-year-old out if your house if they do not follow your rules and are unparentable? In Colorado is it legal to throw a 17-year-old boy out if your house if they do not follow your rules and are unparetnable?	Family Questions	Colorado
Is stay-at-home-wife entitled to divorced husband&#39;s business? I have been married for 11 years and I am now going through a divorce.  My husband has owned a business and continues to work prior to our getting married.  Do I have any right to any of the business?  I have been a stay at home wife and have been dependent upon him and his income from the business.	California Questions	California
What can I do if my son wants to move out here with me and the dad puts in a fight about it? My son wants to move out here with me and his dad is going to fight over it.  I have already called a lawyer and the news does not appear to be positive.  What should I do?	Family Questions	Colorado
If I get an offer from a startup located in CA, can I get a working Visa or working permission there? If I get an offer from a startup located in CA, can I get a working Visa or working permission there? If so what process should I follow? I'm a Chinese citizen and located in China. I don't have any kind of US visa. Thanks.	Employment Questions	22
Can my ex-wife now appeal to a divorce in an attempt to get part of my pension? I am divorced almost 2 years. In the settlement I gave my wife the house valued at $420,000.00. I also pay $2,400.00 in monthly child support. My pension was not part of the settlement. Can my ex-wife now appeal this divorce in an attempt to get part of my pension?	Family Questions	New York
I am suing a corporation and their managers. Can all citations, be served by the process server to corporation&#39;s registered agent? I&#39;m in Texas, if the answer is yes, do you have any Texas case law or Texas Rules to support the answer?	Employment Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Texas
Does my landlord have to put hand rails in staircase prior to a tenant moving in? Does my landlord have to put hand rails in staircase prior to a tenant moving in?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do landlords have to pay interest on security deposits? Do landlords have to pay interest on security deposits in Burlington, Vermont?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
What if the tenant refuses to sign a certified letter that consists of her deposit refund? What if the tenant refuses to sign a certified letter that consists of her deposit refund?	Real Estate Questions	California
If my mother gave me a house and now she&#39;s in a retirement home, can medical take it? If my mother gave me a house 3 years ago and now she's in a retirement home, can FL medical take this house?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How to enforce real estate contract signed by buyer and seller? If a contract for a real estate sale has been signed by buyer and seller, must it be delivered to them to be enforceable?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	Illinois
How can I get my record clean when my ex committed 4 counts of felony perjury? I was forced to pay $7,220 to my ex-wife for a bogus  restraining order in which I was found innocent of domestic violence by the court and she confessed that she did it to get what she wants. Also  $4,000 was taken after 1 child turned 18. Total $11,220 extra. I lost my job so they suspended my D.L.  I am behind in CS and unable to work with a criminal record and no license.They say I owe $9,500. Can I get any credit for extra money they took? How can I get my D.L. back and my record cleaned so I can get hired? My ex-wife committed 4 counts of felony perjury and she got off and I got punished. What can I do? Please help, David.	Family Questions	Florida
Should I either get a break or be paid for not taking them? I am a non -exempt classified employee  and work an 8 hr day, that includes a 30 min lunch break.   I do not punch a clock.  I have not been given or told to take 15 minute breaks  during the day other than  my lunch.  Is this allowable or should i either get a break or be paid for not taking them?Regards Paul	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What is the age that a child can legally stay at home by themselves? What is the age that a child can legally stay at home by themselves?	Family Questions	Florida
What exactly is my landlord responsible for, and can we refuse rent if there are roaches? I live in Michigan and my husband and I have been renting an apartment for 2 years now. Our downstairs neighbors officially left a few days ago and all their stuff was thrown away. The very same night we found a roach in our bathroom and we have never seen any signs of them before. We sprayed with Ortho and put down sticky paper and tonight we killed two more. We are furious because we are scheduled to move into our own home within 3weeks. What exactly is my landlord responsible for, and can we refuse rent?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can my business form partnership agreement with bank? My daughter-in-law and I are in business together. The bank wants a partnership agreement. Can we do this ourselves. If so, where would we get the forms?	Banking Law Questions	Tennessee
What is my next step if I want to terminate my parental rights? I am a parent and I want to terminate my parental rights. What is my next step?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a divorce be invalidated after 22 years? Can a divorce be invalidated after 22 years? Also would any marriages by either party be declared invalid?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I travel outside of the U.S. if my green card and passport name is slightly different? Can I travel outside of the U.S. if my green card and passport name is different from the first letter? My passport starts with letter J and Green card with letter Y.	Family Questions	California
Does my wife need to be here in the U.S. to sign any divorce documents? I live in Illinois, my wife lives in Lulea, Sweden.  We've been separated for 4 or 5 year and have communicated through emails and she is willing to sign any papers for an uncontested divorce.  Does she need to be here, in the U.S. to sign any documents?  Can the online divorce sites for Illinois work for this situation?	Family Questions	Illinois
I am writing a book and one of the chapters contains a &quot;based on a true story&quot; where the original characters names and countries of origin have been changed. Should I have any legal concerns about telling the story if it is very unique to the individual represented? None	Copyright Questions	Kentucky
How do I file a patent? How do I file a patent?	Corporate Questions	California
Can I hang a bird feeder from tree limbs that hang over the property line? Can I hang a bird feeder from tree limbs that hang over the property line into our yard? Or do I have to ask my neighbor for permission since the tree is in his yard? I live in Illinois.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Will my income be added to my fiance&#39;s and counted as his to increase his child support? My fiance is paying child support. When we get married in ny state, Will my income be added to his and counted as his to increase his child support?	Family Questions	New York
Can an employer require the employee to rent uniforms that they must pay for? Can an employer require the employee to rent uniforms that they must pay for to wear while performing their jobs	Employment Questions	Georgia
If one spouse dies and the other is not in the deed, does the property go to the survivor? If one spouse dies and the other is not in the deed, does the property go to the surviving spouse?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is homelessness against the law on Florida beaches? Is homelessness against the law on Florida beaches?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question concerning a fraud of money when it was for a planned reunion? We are planning a reunion and folks have been sending money in.  One of the planners transferred some of the cash to their personal account with intentions of paying back.  The person has replaced all funds.  Can they still be prosecuted?  Also, those who paid would have to prove it was their funds that were transferred and not someone else.  Right?   It all went into a checking account for the event, so all monies were combined.	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Can my ex change the joint custody agreement since he recently got remarried? For the past two years my ex spouse and I have followed a court order of joint custody of our children. Now that he has remarried, he feels that we should change the custody order to suit his new life. Can he do this and could he win his case?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is an employer entitled to overtime if they perform duties of another job? If a person has a salaried position and they perform duties of another job title and work beyond 40 hours in a single day, are they entitled to overtime?	Employment Questions	New York
Is it possible to sue a college do to False job placement assistance and externship assistance? Is it possible to sue a college do to False job placement assistance and externship assistance?	Employment Questions	California
What to do when DNR takes your land? Is there anything you can do when the DNR takes your land?	Administrative Law Questions,Commercial Questions	Iowa
If you make an offer on property that is at or over the listing price, does the owner have to accept the offer? If you make an offer on a piece of property that is at or over the listing price, does the owner have to accept the offer?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Are creditors able to threaten you with court papers and an arrest warrant when it&#39;s from a third party? Are creditors able to threat you with court papers and an arrest warrant when it's from a third party?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Do I have to pay money to get emancipated? Do I have to pay money to get emancipated?	Family Questions	Missouri
If I have roaches &amp; the landlord can&#39;t get rid of them, can I get out of my lease? If I have roaches & the landlord can't get rid of them, can I get out of my lease?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Is employer required to pay unused vacation time? If an employee resigns, is the employer required to pay employee for any unused vacation time?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a visitor work for the summer? My 15 year old niece who lives in Puerto Rico is coming to new york to spend the summer with me. Can she work in new york for the summer?	Employment Questions	New York
How long will my benefit continue if I&#39;m receiving workman&#39;s comp for accident and not able to return? I am receiving workman's comp for an auto accident while on the job. I am not able to return to work. How long will my benefit continue?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Need to know if fathers parental rights are taken away and can I get SSI help? I need to know if fathers parental rights are taken away can I get ssi help? He is serving 23 years in prison and courts took his rights away.	Family Questions	Florida
Legal if your work can ask you about your sexual orientation? On my second day at my new job my boss was asking me very personal questions I avoided answering most of them but was disturbed when she asked me if I was a lesbian. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	New York
Can I ask the courts to allow for an adjusted child visitation schedule based on living out of state? I have 3 children (Ages 13, 14, 17) and been divorced 10 years and pay child support. Is it ok for me to move out of state to find better employment? Can I ask the courts to allow for an adjusted child visitation schedule based on living out of state?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
If husband gives POA to someone else, where does that leave the wife in the event of his death? Is it legal for one parent to Will the custody of his and wife's children to someone in the event that he and wife are killed in an accident or  perhaps by other means, without consulting the wife.  If husband gives power of attorney to someone else, where does that leave the wife in the event of his death.	Family Questions	Mississippi
How many months or years is there to file a lawsuit for adults against a government identity? How many months or years is there to file a lawsuit for adults against a government identity?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What is the minimum wage? What is the minimum wage?	Employment Questions	California
Can I withhold visitation until child support paid? I have joint custody of my daughter and her father was court-ordered to pay child support. He chooses to see her but once every 3-4 months. He has stopped paying child support. My question is can I withhold his visitation until I start to receive child support again?	Family Questions	Florida
Can sex offender have rights to child? Can a sex offender have rights to their child?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions	Michigan
If you work in retail &amp; are accused of theft, does the employer need physical evidence to terminate? If you work in a retail environment and are accused of theft, does the employer have to have physical evidence to terminate	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can you move out when you&#39;re 15 in New York? Can you move out when you're 15 in New York?	Family Questions	New York
Can I file notice of lien for failure to pay on verbal contract? I did extensive remodeling on a home with a verbal contract and the homeowner didn't keep any of the pmt. agreements as well. When the job was almost complete, he wouldn't allow me to finish it. Can I file a notice of lien for failure to pay me?	Commercial Questions,Construction Law Questions,Contract Questions	California
What is the law on child support if my husband is in the military and does not have custody?	Family Questions	Kentucky
After a divorce what rights does a stepfather have over minor kid? After a divorce what rights does a stepfather have over minor kid? In the event of the death or disability of the Bio-mother, who has guardianship of the minor child ?	Family Questions	New York
What does maximum custody duration mean? What does maximum custody duration mean?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How much notice do you need to give a tenant, in order to inspect your rental property? How much notice do you need to give a tenant, in order to inspect your rental property?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
If someone rents a room and pays with a personal check, but does not sign a lease, are they technically on the lease because they are paying with personal checks? If someone rents a room and pays with a personal check, but does not sign a lease, are they technically on the lease because they are paying with personal checks?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it legal to arrest someone for prescription narcotics without a search warrant? The cops came to my apartment because me and my boyfriend had an argument b/c the mirror broke and somebody called the cops because we were arguing about it. My boyfriend is prescribed prescription narcotics and the cops arrested him for not having them in the bottle and they had no search warrant	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Does the Illinois Department of Labor handle consultant claims of non-payment? Does the Illinois Department of Labor handle consultant claims of non-payment? If not, what are the legal remedies?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Is an employer allowed to withhold pay from a salary employee? Is an employer allowed to withhold pay from a salary employee when the owner of the company sends the employee home for the day?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
I have a tenant that moved into my rental propery 9/01/11. She paid $250.00 security deposit and 1st month&#39;s rent of $500.00. She was to put utilities in her name, which she did not. She has not paid a penny since 9/01/11 for rent &amp; utilities. Can I legally shut her water off since it is in my name?	Leasing Questions	Pennsylvania
Can someone videotape your property that is not the police? Can someone videotape your property that is not the police?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How do I correct my application if someone with the same name committed a felony? I was recently hired as a pharmacist at a local hospital.  After receiving my congratulatory letter of employment on Monday, I received a phone call from the recruiter on Wednesday, stating that the company is withdrawing my employment offer based on information on my background report that I did not disclosed to them.  I immediately requested my report, to find out that a person with the same name has a felony that is now on my report.  How do I correct this?  What are my legal options?  Will this continue to show up on future reports once it has been proven false and taken off of my report?  Any information will be helpful.  Thank you.	Employment Questions	Mississippi
My roommate and I recently received a letter from our landlord stating that we must now park behind our building, in an unlit, unpaved, area.  We both feel that the parking situation could be hazardous because we both return from work at night. What are the ways we can fix this?	Leasing Questions	Pennsylvania
What will happen to my father&#39;s house if he&#39;s going into a nursing home and has no will? I am in Michigan. My father recently went into a nursing home and am wondering. What will happen to his home? His home is paid for but he has no will. He is 78 years old.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Is my landlord able to add in after the fact that it was signed by both parties? If my landlord left out a full page of my lease that was signed by both parties, is she able to add it in after the fact?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
How do I get emancipated without my parents? How do I get emancipated without my parents?	Family Questions	California
Can I ask for any spousal support if I&#39;m going through a divorce with no employment? I recently filed for a divorce following a four year separation from my husband. We did not file for legal separation, however we have not lived together for four years. My husband has been the sole provider throughout our 11 year marriage. I have no income except child support from him. Can I ask for any spousal support at this time? I need money to care for myself and two children while I seek employment.Sincerely Nervous,J. Roberts	Family Questions	Missouri
Can your wife legally keep you from your house and seeing your kids if you&#39;re still married? Can your wife legally keep you from your house and seeing your kids if you're still married and never had any abuse issues or anything??	Family Questions	Minnesota
Will husband be deported for drug charges? My husband has a drug charge will he be deported?	Immigration Questions	California
Can an employer force an employee to temporarily act as a manager, even if they were hired to do something else, and the role the employee was hired for is still available? Can an employer force someone to work full time if part time shifts are still available and they were hired to work part time?	Employment Questions	Florida
Does the seller have to be out before walk-thru? We are the buyers in a short sale in Florida and the seller is still living in the house. He says he will be moving out the day we close. We want to do a walk-thru before signing and want the house totally empty. Doesn't the seller have to be completely be out of the house before a walk-thru and closing (24 hours before)? Thank you	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do if my daughter&#39;s roommates are taking us to court for her rent anyway since she can&#39;t live there? Our daughter had a lease agreement at college signed last fall for 2012 -2013 (beginning in Aug), but wasn't returning to that school after all.  We did not sign a "guarantee".  She notified her other roommates in the spring she wasn't staying there and provided several sub-lease candidates (as the apt. required) but the remaining roommates rejected them all.  They said they won't take anyone and that they are going to take us to court for her rent anyway.  What other options do we really have?  We have documentation of the candidate subleasers, etc. and feel we have done everything we can, but they are not being reasonable and thwarting our efforts to provide subleasers.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What happens now after receiving a letter saying I defaulted on stipulation of settlement? I was taken to court over an unpaid oil bill by fuel company. I was sick and didn't fight although I think I could have. They got a judgment and I began paying them monthly. I still owe $600 but I haven't paid because I am unemployed and unable to currently. I received a letter saying I defaulted on stipulation of settlement.  What happens now?	Consumer Questions	New York
Can I still get my money back for a hearing aid that I both that never worked right since day one? Can I still get my money back for a hearing aid that I both that never worked right since day one? My warranty will expire in two months.	Consumer Questions	Washington
I&#39;ve been working for a small cabinet company for a while.  I am paid by the hour, report to the same place everyday, ride to the jobs that my boss sets up for us in his truck, and use only his tools since I don&#39;t have any of my own. Yet, I have to file as if I&#39;m self employed. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Texas
Does the school nurse have the right to contact a minor&#39;s doctor&#39;s office in regards to a student&#39;s medication without parental consent? Does the school nurse have the right to contact a minor's doctor's office in regards to a student's medication without parental consent?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can you have a signed contract on a property and then take the property off the market? Can you have a signed contract on a property, down payment, closing date for Oct 2012 and then take the property off the market?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can my landlord say that if I don&#39;t pay, she will evict me? I am 11 days late with the rent. My landlord called me and said if I don't pay today she will evict me. Can she do this?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it okay for a mother to take a bath with her 9-year-old daughter? Is it okay for a mother to take a bath with her 9-year-old daughter?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can pictures taken by someone breaking and entering be used as evidence? If someone broke into a research facility and took pictures of monkeys that were being used as test subjects could it be used as evidence.	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
As it stands, should we refuse engine or demand and wait even longer for new engine? We bought 2004 Tahoe Feb 2011 w/ extended warranty. last month engine has failure, 2 certified mechanics identified problem lies w/ engine models 2001 and 2004 and repair not option, only replacement.  Warranty company has refused honor warranty. We complained dealership we bought car from.  1 month later after deliberating, warranty company finally agrees to replace engine w/ used model.  Problem is its against CA smog law to replace engine in vehicles if engine is older than car.  The engine they offered us is 2003 and our car is 2004. as it stands, should we refuse engine or demand and wait even longer for new engine? or let them put dam 2003 engine in car and then turn around and sue them?	Consumer Questions	California
Can I be denied unemployment if I don&#39;t apply with the other company? The public school that I have worked for has decided to privatize and go to an outsource company. Can they make me apply with the other company? Can I be denied unemployment if I don't apply with the other company?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Legal to build a hotel or a shopping center/mall in a M3-1 zoned building? is it legal to build a hotel or a shopping center/mall in a M3-1 zoned building?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
Do we have legitimate claim on the ownership of the tools? We are an OEM (original equipment manufacturer) who was producing parts which a now defunct company who paid us to develop tooling specific to their needs.   We provided those parts for several years before they went Chapter 7 about 3 years ago--owing us significant monies at the time.Their assets were recently purchased from the Bankruptcy Court and they are trying to claim ownership for tools we feel are by rights ours.  Do they have legitimate claim?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
When fired do you always get paid in full? When fired do you always get paid in full?	Employment Questions	Colorado
I was lied to at a cell phone store in order to get me to sign the contract. I am now out 125.00  I want to know if there is anything I can do?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Question about earnings concerned with a work related accident? My husband has been in a nursing home for one year and we're filling out a new application for the coming year.  He receives a monthly from a work related accident in 1976.  Is this earnings?  Last year a lawyer did not include it and I am concerned why it was not included.  Should it be considered earnings or not?Audrey LaBella.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Is there any way the child support checks can be mailed to me in my name instead of hers? I am 18 years old and my mother is threatening to not give me my child support money from my father. I am no longer living with my mother and she doesn't support me financially. I am about to graduate high school and need this money to go to college. Is there any way the child support checks can be mailed to me in my name instead of hers? If I emancipate myself, is there a possibility of not receiving any child support?	Family Questions	Florida
Is it discrimination if only one person&#39;s hours are affected? I want to know if in a workplace if only one person's hours are affected meaning being shortened or taken away from them. This is a part time job. Is that discrimination?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Can an employer dock you 30 minutes for every 5 hours worked? Can an employer dock you 30 min for every 5 hours worked?	Employment Questions	Michigan
If I have a will and I am the executive is there any I can claim the property after nine years has gone by? If I have a will and I am the executive is there any I can claim the property after nine years has gone by?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Arkansas
What to do to gain access to the property if I stated that the tenant shall allow the landlord? I use the standard Bradford publishing lease for my tenants which states "the tenant shall allow the Landlord to enter upon the Premises at any reasonable hour". The tenant has changed the locks on the property. What do you suggest I do to gain access to the property? I suspect damage is being done and would like to check things out before more time elapses.	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
What to do if our landlord has failed to fix our problems and has lied about his identity? Our landlord has failed to fix our problems we are having in our rental home. I called our city department to try to get it fixed. Upon doing so I found out that the name our landlord provided us is not his name. On our lease he only signed the name "sam". I googled his real name and he was a prior doctor selling drugs for sex. He has 15 felonies and 2 misdemeanors. With this being said the problems in the house are the least of our worries. I do not feel safe at all in this house with him having the keys. What are our options?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Need some information about getting alimony after divorce is final? Need some information about getting alimony after divorce is final?	Family Questions	West Virginia
In Wisconsin, how much time does a buyer have before he defaults on his land contract?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
Fired after missing scheduled appointment due to illness. I work as a contractor. My 2nd contract exp. on 12/31.  Due to a illness I missed a scheduled appt with my client and called to reschedule the same day. The next day, I was told by a mutual friend of client that I was fired due to no call no show. 2 days later my term. letter came. What are my rights?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Is it legal to buy a house using only my maiden name? I am buying a house and would like to use my maiden name with my name. Example:  First name (Maiden name) Last name.  Is that legal to do?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
What is the law to firing someone without a warning? I have recently been relieved of my duties at the county school bus shop. No warning that this was coming. dismissed for attendance and work performance. Was notified July 2011 of problem with both which is pretty bogus as far as I am concerned. I never heard anything again on the matter until June 5, 2012 when I was fired out of the blue. I worked hard and there were several issues with what other people did that were against the verbal rules set forth at the bus shop. I was denied unemployment because of these. What is the law to firing someone without a warning? it has almost been a year since anything was said. I still have the paper that was written at the time of evaluation. I feel as if it is wrong.	Employment Questions	Georgia
As I got a right to sue letter and I&#39;m unemployed how can I afford a lawyer? As I got a right to sue letter and I'm unemployed how can I afford a lawyer?	Employment Questions	Indiana
The biological mother filed a petition for support approximately 8 years after the child&#39;s birth.  Is there anything I can do to lower the support?  S I have been ordered to pay over $500 a month for child support on a child in Indiana that I never new existed.  The biological mother filed a petition for support approximately 8 years after the child's birth.  Is there anything I can do to lower the support?  Since my last contact with this woman in 2001, I have gotten married and now  have 3 children with my wife and cannot afford the amount ordered.  Is there anything I can do?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Can I add my nephew to my lease? i live in public housing in Brooklyn, New York in a two bedroom apt. I was told that I had to move to a 1 bedroom apt. However I now have legal guardianship of my 17 yr nephew. Can I add him to my lease?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Do I have the right to request my medical records that are related to my injury? I filed for workers compensation. Do I have the right to request my medical records of office visits and procedures I have had done related to my injury?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Laws on discrimination on compensated work therapy? Laws on discrimination on compensated work therapy?	Employment Questions	California
What does finding of fact and recommendation to trial court mean? What does finding of fact and recommendation to trial court mean?	Family Questions	Florida
How can I get a marriage search on myself with taking 3 week to get an answer? How can I get a marriage search on myself with taking 3 week to get an answer?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is there anything I can do to either get my money back and cancel my contract? Me and my boyfriend went to finance a car. We found a 2007 toyota corolla and we agreed to pay 12,999.They also gave us another stack of papers to sign in the corner which we did not realize we should have read. We are new buyers. The dealership later told us that they sold our contract to another company and the company told us we owed 19,106 for the car. We were not told this and if we had of known we would have never bought the car. They said it is a finance charge but for 6,600? I feel like it isn't fair and that the car does not have a value of 19,106. Is there anything I can do to either get my money back and cancel my contract? please help! I don't know what to do!	Consumer Questions	Texas
Am I harassing a customer if I ask for the bill she hasn&#39;t paid? I live in Minnesota and I did snow removal for this lady. I sent her a bill with a price that we agreed on and she won't pay it and every time I talk to her about it she says I'm harassing her. I want to know if what I am doing is harassment and what can I do about the money she owes me?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Minnesota
How many days does one have to &quot;give notice&quot; of a continuance in a civil case? How many days does one have to "give notice" of a continuance in a civil case?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is the penalty for having a toddler age 16 mos. weighing over 20 lbs in an infant rear facing car seat? What is the state of Virginia penalty for having a toddler age 16 mos. weighing over 20 lbs in an infant rear facing car seat? The child is facing forward because legs too long to be rear facing.	Family Questions	Virginia
If a mother&#39;s rights are terminated by court, what rights does the maternal aunt have? If a mother's rights are terminated by court, what rights does the maternal aunt have?	Family Questions	California
How do I go about suing my fiance&#39;s mother for slandering my name? How do I go about suing my fiance's mother for slandering my name?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a lease be legal in Westland, Michigan with no occupancy permit? Can a lease be legal in Westland, Michigan with no occupancy permit?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Can you give up your rights for a child and not pay child support but still have visiting rights? Can you give up your rights for a child and not pay child support but still have visiting rights?	Family Questions	Kentucky
What to do if my brother secretly created POA &amp; won&#39;t allow the rest of us to participate in my mother&#39;s care? There are seven siblings and my oldest brother secretly created POA and won't allow the rest of us to participate in my mother's care. He is not providing proper care and it can be proved. When she signed she said she did not know what she was signing. She is an 82 year old diabetic with dementia.	Family Questions	North Carolina
At what age can a child who was adopted in a closed adoption choose to live with the living parent? At what age can a child who was adopted in a closed adoption choose to live with the living parent?	Family Questions	Oregon
Questions regarding funds with a small architectural firm? We are a small architectural firm and have had a very hard time in this economy.  We are finishing up a state project and cannot pay our consultants in full.  In our contract with the state it states that we, as the contractual firm will pay our consultants.  We just received a letter from the consultants attorney stating that they want full payment within 10 days.  This is not going to happen since we don't have the funds and the consultant knows this as we have tried numerous times to compromise on the fees due him and others.  All other consultants on this project have agreed to the lesser payments.  What can do now?  We don't have any funds to pay him.Thanks,June	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Carolina
Question regarding a suspension with no reason? I was suspended from work for two weeks but was given no reason why. Prior to my suspension I had filed a grievance with the company. I believe they have done this in retaliation, Is there anything I can do?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Is 8 hours a week part-time and is it legally? I work 8 hrs a week at fast food service place, I start off with 25 hrs, I was hired has a part-time cashier. My new GM do not care for me so she cut my hours. Is 8 hrs a week part-time and is it legally?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can the last page of a legal notarized document contain signatures only? Can the last page of a legal notarized document in the state of MI contain signatures only or does a portion of the verbage in the document have to be on the same page as the signatures?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
Can my sister plan to use up all the estate until there are no assets left? I have been named an heir in my father's NY will with my bother, sister and my father's long term companion. My sister plans to tie up the estate as she is hurt and does not like the companion, who is also the executrix. She plans on using up the estate until there are no assets left. Can she do that?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
How would you go about finding a trust in Florida and can a repo of a will change it? How would you go about finding a trust in Florida and can a repo of a will change it?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What is the difference between a living will and a will? What is the difference between aliving willand a will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Kentucky
Do I have to pay the security deposit? I've lost my job and must give up my apartment. There are people waiting to rent the apartment right away, starting the first of the next month. In order to let me out of my lease, the landlord wants to keep the security deposit of $1450, plus collect an extra $4500 for breaking the lease. If he has someone to rent the unit to right away and it will not be empty any time, why is he entitled to any more than the security deposit?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Question about tenant not paying the full rent? If a tenant has not paid full rent due for over 8 months and I want him out, what happens to the property inside the unit?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Is my ex in contempt if he doesn&#39;t supply me with a phone number and address, where as we have a child together and I&#39;m suppose to supply him with one at all times as it&#39;s stated in our custody decree? Is my ex in contempt if he doesn't supply me with a phone number and address, where as we have a child together and I'm suppose to supply him with one at all times as it's stated in our custody decree?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How old is a child to decide on his own which parent to live with? In New York state, how old does your child have to be before he can decide on his own which parent to live with?	Family Questions	New York
Does my landlord have the right to come into my apartment without me knowing? Does my landlord have the right to come into my apartment without me knowing?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Landlord/Tenants Tenants rights Ny, Ny: I had a fire in my apartment due to a light fixture. It took all of three months forthe apartment to be repaired I was staying at a vacant apartment within the building which the super gave methe keys. My landlord wants to charge me three months rent. Is he allowed to do that? Thanks for your time.	Real Estate Questions	New York
I am the supervisor of security on an international port. Me &amp; several other officers that work under me did some work for another shipping company that was required to have 24 hour security. We did the job and the ship departed. It has been over a month now &amp; have not been paid. What should we do?	Contract Questions,Employment Questions	Florida
We are asking is there a Law in Texas of a waiting period for a will? My Mother passed away April of this year at the age of 94.  My sister serves as Executrix, after Probate hearing which my siblings (we have 2 brothers) were not allowed to attend.  We were told there is a 6-month waiting period for Inventory.  My mother estate is rather small assets of little $100,000.  House and furnishings. Will stated all assets to be divided equally to her children.  We are asking is there a Law in El Paso,Texas of a waiting period?Thank youMae Helen Bradley	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is it legal if I am being charged 51% on a collateral loan? I am being charged 51% on a collateral loan is that legal?	Consumer Questions	California
I&#39;m In the middle of divorce and living in the house. I have a minor 16 yrs old here. Can I move out and let husband move In with minor legally?	Family Questions	Indiana
Is it legal that, in Florida, employee&#39;s may have to pay for their own uniform&#39;s? I read under FLSA that uniforms are the responsibility of the employer.  Is it legal that in Florida employee's may have to pay for their own uniform's?  Are there legal limit's for the cost of said uniform, such as a maximum fee for a tee-shirt?  Also, if said uniform's have company logo's is it legal to charge employee's for the cost?	Employment Questions	Florida
What can my son do if his accident is conflicting with his work? My son was in a dirt bike accident 4-5 months ago and suffered a leg injury that has prevented him from returning to his full time industrial maintenance job.  His employer has not paid him anything since, and was silent until yesterday.  My son called him to obtain information for his divorce lawyer and the company er rep told him that he is no longer employed there because he consciously engaged in a dangerous act that caused the accident, although the company insurance has covered him until now.  He will possibly need another operation on his leg.  What are his options? Concerned father.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Legal for me to stop at $12 after working at a private retirement home for 10 years? Hi, I work in a private retirement home for over 10 years. I was hired at $7.25 a hour and now I am at $12. My employer tells me that this is the must. I can make that there will be no more raises through the rest of the years that I am with them can your employer do that. What should I do?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the procedure for reporting previously lost promissory notes? What is the procedure for reporting previously lost promissory notes?	Family Questions	Florida
When an estate is probated in Michigan, should the decedent&#39;s life insurance be included in the inventory? When an estate is probated in Michigan, should the decedent's life insurance be included in the inventory? What if someone forged your name and collected your share and kept it? If the Personal Representative was under a bond at the time will it still pay if 13 years have passed? I recently discovered the policy and called and they are investigating it. Thank you!	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
For bereavement it&#39;s 3 days paid for immediate family but all others 3 days unpaid? For bereavement it's 3 days paid for immediate family but all others 3 days unpaid?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Do I have to continue to carry my soon-to-be-divorced husband on my insurance if/when I leave my present employer? My husband and I are divorcing in MA. I currently carry him on my health insurance.  Do I have to continue to carry him on my insurance if/when I leave my present employer?  In MA can we agree in separation agreement that I will no longer carry him?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Can I keep my kids with me even though my  parental rights were terminated? Can I keep my kids with me even though my  parental rights were terminated? Their adoptive father has let them live with me for the past two years.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What to do if my residence is infected with mice and roaches and landlord has done nothing? What can I do if my residence is infected with mice and roaches and landlord has done nothing?	Real Estate Questions	Rhode Island
How do I get my children back? How do I get my children back?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can a landlord rent a dwelling without running water toilet or shower? Can a landlord rent a dwelling without running water toilet or shower?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Landlord fails to fix problems with rental home. After 9 years of renting, our landlord will not fix anything (windows, leaking toilets, our kitchen celling had toilet waste from our neighbors running on our stove and cupboards). This is only half of it. Please help us.	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
How do I get a free legal separation in Chicago, IL? How do I get a free legal separation in Chicago, Illinois? I am unemployed and have no money.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
A mortgage co. was transferred to me from another mortgage co. The mortgage co. I received was not licensed in the state of Calif. At the time of the mortgage exchange, its license had been expired four months prior to the transfer. What is my best legal recourse for this crime?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can I file a civil suit for wrongfully receiving a eviction letter for late fees? If I called codes and compliance on my landlord and the codes and compliance sent them a letter. Now I am served a eviction letter for damages and late fees, but I paid the rent. They said I had to pay it. What do I need to do or can I file a civil suit?	Leasing Questions	Virginia
Why do I have to fix a car that I do not own? My car dealers charged me 2 down payment on two cars. One stopped working and can not be fix so I asked for another car and I get charged for another down payment within one month. This car needs work and I do not own it yet, because my brother's car got towed. It was hard to get it out because they say he did not own the car. So I am saying why do I have to fix a car that I do not own? Why would they giving my another car that needs work done to but told me nothing's wrong with the car. Can I sue them for the car, court fee and lawyer fee?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Question regarding fence inside of property line? My neighbor claims that the fence he built is 13" inside of the property line. He has delineated what he calls the actual property line with rope. Therefore, when I do improvements to the physical space on my side of the fence, but between the fence and his his rope he makes a point of popping his head up over the fence and making statements such as " you better move those rocks, cause that's my property and this rope marks it". He is very hostile and makes no effort to control weeds in or to prevent erosion in the disputed strip. Nor does he prevent run-off onto my property.What is my recourse here in California?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can my cosmetology teacher take attended hours away from me if I did not turn in my homework? Can my cosmetology teacher take attended hours away from me if I did not turn in my homework?	Consumer Questions	California
Any legal terminology that would help my case? Hi, I have an unemployment appeal for benefits coming up and would like some advice on legal terminology for my situation. My manager had approached me about an improper tip claim at work, instead of approaching me civilly he was very anguished. When I told him it was an accident he began to create a hostile environment. He blamed me for creating problems at work, threatened that co-workers would judge me and intimidated me to quit.  I never received a call or email from my work. I did however receive a final check dated for the day I left. I feel like I was lied into quitting so I am requesting UI benefits, but was denied. My employer says I refused to claim tips and quit. Is there any terminology that would help my case?	Employment Questions	California
Possible to expect prayer for judgment? I am 32 years old and made the biggest mistake of my life and shoplifted from a store. I was caught and given a citation to show up to court. I have never done this before but things don't look so good for me. I was caught in North Carolina which is known for it's strict laws and zero tolerance for bull. I am very remorseful about the situation and wish I could turn back time and never have done it to begin with, but I can't. I am sleep deprived and humiliated and really just beating myself up about this. What can I expect out of this and is it possible to request a Prayer For Judgment?	Criminal Questions	New York
In the state of Georgia is it legal for a leaser to keep part of a deposit if leaser never did a final walk through with tenants? In the state of Georgia is it legal for a leaser to keep part of a deposit if leaser never did a final walk through with tenants?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What&#39;s going to happen if I was driving with a suspended license? I was driving with a suspended license for owing mass. State taxes my vehicle was registered and insured  and towed to. My house and I was not arrested. What is going to happen?	Criminal Questions	Rhode Island
Can a landlord not provide heat and hot water or relocation to fix the building? Can a landlord not provide heat and hot water? Along with relocate you to fix the building? Are you still obligated to pay rent?	Real Estate Questions	New York
I currently am in the military. How do I keep from losing my partial custody or at least getting full custody? I am having custody problems. My ex wife is wanting to take my son out of Hawaii to move to Alaska but I don't want to lose him. We currently have shared custody but because she is leaving state I will lose that but I don't want to very much so. I currently am in the military. How do I keep from losing my partial custody or at least getting full custody?	Family Questions	Hawaii
Is my father&#39;s trust valid in VA when he wrote in TX? My father in VA just passed away. We found a 'trust' written up for him 4-5 years ago in his last residence in Texas.   Is it valid in VA. What should i do first?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
A family relative age 19 was recently dumped by his girlfriend age 19 who now says she&#39;s pregnant and wants nothing to do with him. What are his legal rights?	Family Questions	New York
I want to know who will get the vehicle in a divorce? I want to know who will get the vehicle in a divorce? We currently own 2 but one is nor paid for.	Consumer Questions	Tennessee
Is there anything I can do if I was laid off for unknown reasons? I was laid off for an unknown reason to me. I have financial problems with the person I worked for. Is there anything legally I can do?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Is it legal to hold pre-school student back? Is it legal for a private school to hold a pre-school (K-4) student back. She will be 6 years old in October.	Contract Questions	Georgia
What can I do if my ex wants to get her name off the loan but my credit is poor? My girlfriend and I got a car loan together. We have since broken up and I have made every payment since day one. She is now harassing me about getting her name off the loan. My credit is poor which is the reason she co-signed in the first place. I have tried to refinance it but can't. I'm scared to try and sale it because she has made comments in the past about not signing off. What can I do?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
Is it legal to use a picture found on a website as a website banner without permission as long as you give the creator of the picture credit?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Nevada
Am I allowed to vent to fellow employees about my supervisor? Am I allowed to vent to fellow employees about my supervisor?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I sue my parents and the church for baptizing my children without my permission? My parents baptized my children while visiting them for the summer when they knew I was opposed to them being baptized in a church that I do not attend and did not want them joining.  Can I sue my parents and the church?  This is not a custody battle.  I have custody of the children but the grandparents feel they should rule me and my kids.  I know I have to cut ties with them, but before I do, can I sue them?  The State where it happened is Florida.  The kids reside in Alabama.  Yes, they had attended that church with my parents when the children resided with them, but they expressly knew I did not approve of the baptism.  They quickly got it done this summer after I had disapproved last year.	Family Questions	Alabama
Can I file for custody of brother? Am I able to file for custody of my 7 year old brother?My 7 yr old brother lives with his biological mother. She has made no effort to help him learn. He doesn't have any kind of learning disability. At 7 years old, he doesn't know the alphabet and can only count to 13. So can I file for custody?	Family Questions	Armed Forces Americas
Recourse if my boss refuses to pay and my accrued vacation? Upon giving my two weeks notice to terminate employment, I was told to leave immediately. My employer is refusing to pay me the 2 weeks and my accrued vacation. Do I have any recourse?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my husband divorce me in the state of North Carolina without the document of the asset agreement? My husband & I have not come to an agreement regarding our assets. Can he divorce me in the state of North Carolina without this document?	Family Questions	North Carolina
My fiance has a daughter whom I&#39;d like to adopt when we&#39;re married.  There is no father named on the birth certificate as he refused contact when notified of the pregnancy and birth.  What do we need to do legally for the adoption process? None	Family Questions	Texas
Does being in psychiatric facility negate primary custody? The mother of my niece has been granted primary custody, but for the past 3 weeks she has been in the care of a psych facility.  Does the fact that she has been in a psych facility negate her primary custody?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How can my daughter&#39;s father use prior information against me in a civil custody case? I am an unrepresented party in a civil custody case and am basically losing my daughter because of not being able to afford one or get a pro bono lawyer.  I have never been in jail and/or convicted for anything. It is all about money, which is very sad for my five year old-as her father told her he was going to buy her away from me. Unless things turn around for me until the next court date, I have a feeling I will indeed lose her forever.He is going to present info. from 6-7 years prior to me even meeting him, and when I lived in another state through my 'so called parents' help. How in the world can he pull, submit and use this info. against me? Why the courts even discuss it?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What is Louisiana law on siblings of the opposite sex sharing a room? What is Louisiana law on siblings of the opposite sex sharing a room?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Do we still need to go through the courts if the parents want to sign over the rights for an adoption? I have an adoption question: We are looking to adopt a child from a couple we know personally. The mother and father are willing to sign over there rights to us. Do we still need to go through the courts and go through the homes study and go through an agency because we would like to do it as private as possible? thank you so for your time	Family Questions	Washington
Do we have a viable reason to break lease without penalty? we have asked our landlord several times to make basic essential repairs, our stairs are rotting forcing my pregnant girlfriend and her 3 yr. old son to leap over a broken stair onto another rotten step, the ceiling over our dining room is bowing and stained for water damaged from the previous tenant, which our landlord said she would repair three months ago, and the supports under our front porch have gave way leaving me incapable of using it without falling thru, I'm 250 lbs. After multiple requests and being told the problems would be fixed (we haven't seen our landlord since the lease signing). Do we have a viable reason to break lease without penalty?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Question on how to terminate my lease for renting a house before the lease expires? I would like to terminate my lease for renting a house before the lease expires.  My understanding is that under Florida law a long term (e.g. 12 months) lease can actually be broken, but I need to give 3 months notice.Is my understanding of Florida law correct?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How do I get my money from a family member? How do I get my money from a family member?	Family Questions	Michigan
Should I send my children on a visit with their father if he hasn&#39;t wanted anything to do with them? Should I send my children on a visit with their father if he hasn't wanted anything to do with them for a year but has visitation rights? He lives in Missouri and me and the kids live in Illinois. The divorce was in Missouri. If not can I be arrested in Illinois for contempt of court (for Missouri court) if I do not send them?	Family Questions	Illinois
Is there statute of limitations when a divorce lawyer puts in the pension papers? Is there statute of limitations when a divorce lawyer puts in the pension papers?	Family Questions	New York
Can I sue at will employer for untrue grounds of termination? I was terminated from an "at will" employment position.  I understand what at will means, however the grounds I was terminated was not true.  I was a whistle blower which resulted in my termination.  If I can prove this do I have a chance at suing my ex employer?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Does late paper work affect case? I had a court case in March for DNA. My papers where late because I thought that they were supposed to be turned in that day. I didn't really make it to court on time but a sheriff told us to figure something out or bring it back to court to be mediated. They want custody and she is now 16 months, is court in favor of them because of my paperwork being filed untimely? Also, I'm glad to do a DNA and 100% sure the plaintiff fathers my child. Yesterday, what angered me that his dad came over and was very hostile and threatened to charge me with rape. I first of all thought he was 18 reasonably and didn't know the law, does that matter at all?	Family Questions	California
Can I get federal help paying for a divorce if I am on disability and married for 4 1/2 years? i am on disability and married for 4 1/2 years. Can I get federal help paying for a divorce?	Family Questions	New York
Consumer injury if I was injured by a foreign object in my peanut butter? I was injured by a foreign object in my peanut butter, is this consumer or personal injury?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can a prepaid card hold and keep your money or balance you had on the account? Can a prepaid card hold and keep your money or balance you had on the account? I have faxed all the information. They asked and still they have a block on my account and are holding my money.	Consumer Questions	Illinois
How do I go about getting custody of my 10-year-old daughter without money for an attorney? How do I go about getting custody of my 10-year-old daughter without money for an attorney? Is there a way to represent yourself that would stand up in court?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
if I marry somebody with the arrears in child support can a test my wages on my taxes? if I marry somebody with the arrears in child support can a test my wages on my taxes?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Question on name changes if it is court ordered that the person has to change there name? I had a question on name changes if it is court ordered that the person has to change their name? And Is that fraud?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Safe to mention the amount I have when submitting my financial papers to the court for the divorce? My wife and I are divorcing, and a few months ago we divided some money we were saving. Is it safe to mention the amount I have when submitting my financial papers to the court, or will I be ordered to divide that as well?	Family Questions	California
Can they legally tell us when we can turn on and off our A/C in a mobile home? I live in a mobile home and the manager let us install an air condition 2 years ago and now are back neighbors are saying that its to noisy and they can't sleep. The manager has asked us not to turn on till 6am I get up at 4am and I want the air on. She also has had us service the unit put blankets on the motors. The people are still complaining. The noise is not loud at all it's like a fine humming. Can they legally tell us when we can turn on and off?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can my ex ask for my Social Security number if she does not have a lawyer? Can my ex ask for my Social Security number if she does not have a lawyer?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Legal if the office manager refuses to talk to me when they evicted me with no notice? I am behind in my rent and I'm being evicted. My issue is, I've never received anything from the courthouse. Notenant eviction notice, no summons for court or anything.  I also did NOT receive anything in the mail. The office manager refused to speak with me over the phone or in person. Is this eviction legal?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
If I don&#39;t know if it is a scam or a good offer, how can I fine out if this is a good offer? Hello my name is scam and I just received an offer for my time share of 18,700. They sent me an e-mail with the buyers names which they signed. The real estate agent is Columbia Resort Sales. My question is if I don't know if this is a scam or a good offer, how can I fine out if this is a good offer? They want me to pay City and Transfer Taxes Title search fee and Money Transfer Fee. Can you help me?        THANKS	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What happens when you file a legal separation? What happens when you file a legal separation? what is the process that follows?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
If I owe money to an old bank and have a car loan through a different lender, can they seize my vehicle? If I owe money to an old credit card company (bank), and have a car loan through a different lender (bank), can they seize my vehicle even if I do not own the title & the bank has an exclusive lien on the car loan?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Does my friend have a right to all information before she files for bankruptcy? A friend of mine just signed divorce papers. In the divorce papers she and her husband agreed to file bankruptcy together. He is now saying that they have to file separately. She also found out that he had been cheating. There were two credit cards while they were married that he incurred 85,000 worth of debt. He always paid this bill on line. She has no idea what debt was incurred on these cards. She asked that he present her with a list of that debt attached to the cards. He will not give it to her, saying the cards are now in his name. Does she have a right to this information before she files for bankruptcy? Is is really legal for him to change the signed divorce decree?	Family Questions	Virginia
What should I expect to happen next if granted temporary guardianship &amp; have a hearing coming up? My grandchildren have been living with me for 4 years now. They granted me temporary guardianship and have a hearing coming up. What should I expect to happen next?	Family Questions	California
What was the dower interest in real estate in 1957? What was the dower interest in real estate in 1957?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Does my mother&#39;s consent matter if I&#39;m 17 and want to leave the house? Im 17 and live in GA and I want to leave my mother's house badly due to multiple reasons. Does her consent matter?	Family Questions	Tennessee
Hello, My uncle just passed, my aunt passed 10 yrs ago and before she died they wrote a will with the help of their nephew who is an attorney.  I just found out that said nephew bought the property and all contents and the final docs were signed less than a week before his death.  Is will void?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Conflict with landlord to pay the damaged bathroom? I am a condo owner and the unit above me has some leaking in the bathroom that has caused damaged to the drywall in my bathroom. The Owner in the unit is refusing to pay for the damage and has suggested I use my homeowner's insurance to pay the damage. I asked him to pay the deductible and he is refusing. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Maryland
What are the tenant&#39;s legal rights when the carpet is a health issue and the carpet what are the tenant's legal rights when the carpet is a health issue and the carpet is worn beyond repairs? The carpet is coming up and black spots are seen where two carpet cleaners has stated the carpet needs to be replaced.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Are Bionic eye glasses legal to drive? Are Bionic eye glasses legal to drive in the state of Florida?	Family Questions	North Dakota
Homeowner association lien release Is there a time requirement for my lien to be released after the past due amount is paid in full?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can you attach wages for child support on a father who does a 1099? Can you attach wages for child support on a father who does a 1099?	Family Questions	California
What rights do I have if a person I live with won&#39;t pay rent? A person I live with won't pay their rent. What rights do I have?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can a landlord rent an unfinished garage that has an unenclosed hot water heater in it in Oregon? Can a landlord rent an unfinished garage that has a unenclosed hot water heater in it in Oregon?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Is an employer permitted to call to ask about what happened at work? Is an employer permitted to call you at home to ask questions about what happened at work?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can we change child custody so that no party pays child support? Can we change child custody so that no party pays child support?	Family Questions	Oregon
Am I liable for rest of lease if broken due to domestic abuse? Am i liable for the rest of the rent for a lease if I broke it because of domestic abuse? I gave my security deposit for breaking the lease but landlord wants me to pay each month no one lives there after me until lease is up. Am I liable?	Leasing Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I get in touch with Sandra Green of  Green and Fritzgerald? How can I get in touch with Sandra Green of  Green and Fritzgerald?  Thank You.	Immigration Questions	Illinois
How do you remove an easement from deeded property? How do you remove an easement from deeded property?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
How do I prove my residency? What do I need to prove residency in the city of Green Bay (Wisconsin) to prove I am a Green Bay resident?	Education Questions	Minnesota
Does my boss not have to pay me when I show up at the shop? I'm a roofer and my boss says I have to be at the shop rite at at 6 in the morning but we don't get paid til we get to the job site. does he not have to pay me when I show up at the shop?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Can disability ssid be garnished by collection agency in WI? Can disability ssid be garnished by collection agency in WI?	Personal Injury Questions	Wisconsin
Am I entitled to more child support because the Non-Custodial parent in my case has gotten married? The Non-Custodial parent in my case has recently gotten married. Am I entitled to more child support because he's now married?	Family Questions	New York
What can I do if my  father left me a house in his will and my mother sold it? my father left me a house in his will and my mother sold it. What can I do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
How do I go about getting my time shares sold thru a separation from my husband? How do I go about getting my time shares sold thru a separation from my husband?	Family Questions	New York
Any way to expunge a speeding ticket if I just paid it off before the court date? I got a speeding ticket two years ago and just paid it off before the court date. Is there anyway to get it expunged or cleared?	Employment Questions	Virginia
What does it mean when a clerks office says &quot;they don&#39;t have such record on file&quot;? What does it mean when a clerks office says "they don't have such record on file"? There for they won't accept any paperwork?	Criminal Questions	New York
Do I have to answer all questions even those that fall beyond the purpose of the hearing? In being disposed do I have to answer any and all questions even those that fall beyond the purpose of the hearing?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Does a judge have to sign off on a subpoena to make it legal? In San Diego county does a judge have to sign off on subpoena to make it legal?	Family Questions	California
If I have been separated from my husband, does he have the right to know my full address? I have been separated from my husband for 14 months. I have my daughter 3 days a week. Does he have the right to know my full address? my daughter is 16 yrs old and i pay child support to her dad	Family Questions	Florida
Can my employer hold my last pay check plus my vacation pay if I was fired? Can they hold my last pay check plus my vacation pay if I was fired?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can my fiance file kidnapping charges to his legally separated wife? Can my fiance file kidnapping charges to his legally separated wife?	Family Questions	Nevada
Can I sue If someone took a check I filled out wrong and they put OK &amp; my initial on top and deposited it? Can I sue If someone took a check I filled out wrong and they change it and put OK and my initial on top and deposit it	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
how much legal authority does a Native American confederation have over the federally researched and defined N.A.T.O act? Just  how much legal authority does a Native American confederation have over the federally researched and defined N.A.T.O act? This is an emergent situation.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Alaska
What can I do if my work company is suspending me from work on false accusations of stealing? The company I work for has been accusing me of stealing copper but I haven't and they have no evidence. They keep harassing me about it and they sent an internal investigator to my house to take photos and such now they put me on suspension with no pay. What can I do?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Is it legally binding if the documents were not signed in the presence of a notary? I live in Calfornia, my husband and I are divorcing after 7 years of marriage, my husband in a joint owner in a business which he started in 2008, I signed documents to waive my rights of the business in case of a break up, is it legally binding if the documents were not signed in the presence of a notary?	Family Questions	California
What to do if My credit card company is taking me to court to settle my credit card bill but I missed the date? My credit card company is taking me to court to settle my credit card bill. I missed my first court date due to what I'm assuming is lost paperwork in the mail. I am unemployed and have no income at this time. I have to appear in court on Thursday and just want to know what the worst outcome could be. What rights do I have?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
What to do if my husband just died of agent orange and government denied all money? What to do if my husband just died of agent orange and government denied all money?	Family Questions	Louisiana
If our rented house was foreclosed one month ago &amp; our stuff has been locked, can we get our stuff? The house we rented was foreclosed one month ago.  We have been locked out of ALL our belongings for 3 months now. Can we go get our stuff?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
What are the laws at regulations for movers charging travel time in MA? what are the laws at regulations for movers charging travel time in MA?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
Could I reopen and change things in our divorce decree from a former lawyer? I have been divorced for almost 5yrs and used a lawyer in the beginning only to fire him. So we ended up doing it ourselves.  I have found out that I have 2 items with  his name on it and it needs to be resolved.  Could I reopen this and change things in our divorce decree?  I own a salon an his name is still on it.  My name is still on our house which he lives in but the mortgage is in his name. I am still on title and 2nd loan w used to make home improvements which is $103,000.  How do I  get my name an his name off of those things cause he has defaulted on the 2nd mortgage and I am suffering from this?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How long can you be held in jail without being charged for a crime? How long can you be held in jail without being charged for a crime?	Criminal Questions	Oregon
What to do with a tenant that won&#39;t pay and causing problems with writing checks? Hello,My mother just signed a lease to rent out her apartment for July 15th but the person now wants to start paying in Aug.1; she gave mom 2 checks but they are made out to the wrong name & wrong amount (she did this twice ).  Now she texted mom to say that she won't have any money till Aug so then the checks are no good.  She was given a key & has brought in 2 boxes.  At this point, mom doesn't want to rent to her because she wanted to rent it out in July not Aug (lease says July not Aug.) & she feels that she will be a bad tenant. Lease was signed on July 5th but she keeps delaying things dut to bad checks so to date mom hasn't received any actual money for this.  What can she do?  Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
How to remove temporary tenant? Please advise me how to get this guy out from my basement if I did not sign any documents with him or took any money from him and he been living there for 3 months and because of my 1 fl tenant, I let him in to stay temporarily. Also, please advise me how to get his name and his info.	Leasing Questions	New York
Who overrules who in regards about my patio: The HOA or my Township? I got a permit and approval after built from my Township to build a paver patio. My HOA now said it need to be altered in size. Who over rules who?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
After obtaining a green card from my husband how long do I need to wait before I divorce? After obtaining a green card from my husband how long do I need to wait before I divorce?	Immigration Questions	New York
What can i do to be able to keep my daughter while she is away on vacation? My girlfriend threw me out and we have a two year old daughter. She is going to Las Vegas for a week and is leaving my daughter with her step mother. I told her I want to keep her with me while she is gone. What can i do to be able to keep my daughter while she is away on vacation?	Family Questions	New York
If you work 6 hours under FL law, is your employer required to give you a break? If you work 6 hours under FL law, is your employer required to give you a break?	Employment Questions	Florida
What is the legal age for a child to decide where they want to live? In the state of Illinois what is the legal age for a child to decide where they want to live?	Family Questions	Illinois
Why is my rent going up when new tenants are being quoted rates less than what I paid when I moved in? Why is my rent going up tremendously when new tenants are being quoted rates less than what I paid when I moved in?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Do I have legal right to house I signed over to husband? I signed my half of my house over to my husband a couple of years ago. Do i have any legal right to it? We live in Kentucky.	Family Questions	Kentucky
Law that when a consumer purchases an item and that item goes on sale are entitled to a refund? Is it a law that when a consumer purchases an item and that item goes on sale within 10 days of their purchase they are entitled to a refund of the difference? Is a business required to sell an item at the price they advertised on the day of sale even if that price was an error and is later (after the sale) corrected?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it right for an employer to hold your pay from you an extra week? I worked from August  25 to 29. The company every year closes for a week. I should have been paid today July 6 because they closed for a week and every one takes their vacation at this time. Is it right for them to hold your pay from you an extra week?	Employment Questions	California
What to do if my wife used her kid&#39;s school/bank accounts as her own accounts against my say so? my wife used her kid's school or bank accounts as her own accounts against my say so & keeping money hidden?	Family Questions	Kentucky
I was wondering how long an employer has to close out my 401k? I was wondering how long an employer has to close out my 401k?	Employment Questions,Finance Questions	Alaska
How to have BBQ grease trap be compliant with state and city regulations? I opened a BBQ place in town and the state approved my plans but the city didn't. I'm having problems with the grease trap and the city told me it was a min. 500 gallons grease trap but 2 other places just opened up with there grease trap but the 3 compartment sink just like the one i submitted to.	Legal Questions	Kansas
Renter left and has not come back for belongings. I rent a room in my house.  The lodger left 12-1.  She left ALL her posessions (including her bed) & clothing and has not come back after several attempts to contact.  Only contact is cell & email and doesn't reply. If does, never comes through. What should I do?	Leasing Questions	California
If I worked 6 months into next years vacation pay do I get any days toward next years vacation days or do I have to work the full year before I can collect? I worked for a car dealer and I was let go. My Question is about vacation pay. I have been with them 4 years, 6 months and I earned 2 weeks a year of vacation (5) days a week. If I worked 6 months into next year's vacation pay do I get any days toward next years vacation days or do I have to work the full year before I can collect? I was paid 100% commission. Please help.	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal for a 17 year old to not get paid for on the job training 16 total work hours? Is it legal for a 17 year old to not get paid for on the job training 16 total work hours?	Employment Questions	Michigan
How to file mechanic&#39;s Lien for general contractors in CA? I need to place a lien on a home which was to be paid when escrow closed but the owner has fired their current real estate agent and decided to do a short sale with a new agent.I have the form, but the details are a bit beyond me.Thanks!	Construction Law Questions,Contract Questions	California
At what age can a child request to live with the parent not currently living with? for the state of Wisconsin:  At what age can a child request to live with the parent not currently living with?  (ie.  lives with mom in WI & wants to live with dad in CO??).  thx	Family Questions	Colorado
Can I sue to get the contractor to pay me back if there was $800 mistake on the bill? The court ordered me to pay a contractor again.  I noticed an $800.00 mistake or the material and labor bill.  Can I sue to get the contractor to pay me back.	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Anything I can do to stop my ex from moving my daughter out of her school district? I share  joint physical custody of my daughter my daughter is go to the school district  that I live in and has for two years now.We used a mediator lawyer  for the divorce  and did not put anything in paperwork about what school my daughter would go to.Now my ex-wife is moving out of district and what to move my daughter to that district. My ex-wife has my daughter from Monday through Wednesday, and I have her Thursday through Saturday and every other Sunday. Can she move her out of the school district? And if she can is there any thing I can do to stop her?	Family Questions	Illinois
What to do when tenants consistently ignored notices and warnings regarding excessive noise? I have been living in an apartment for almost 3 years. The tenants above have consistently ignored notices and warnings regarding excessive noise. I have written numerous letters to both the leasing office and the corporate office. The regional director ignored multiple phone calls. When she finally answered the phone, she basically told me there was nothing they could do and that I should go upstairs and talk to them. I can't even feel comfortable or peaceful in my own space. This noise occurs daily and often for hours at a time.They have 1 large dog who is out of control and now they have a 2nd dog who barks constantly. Even the tenant who lives across has complained. What are my options?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Does an online affair constitute as adultery in Florida law? Does an online affair constitute as adultery in Florida law?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I hold records of students when a parent owes tuition? Can I hold records of students when a parent owes tuition?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Oklahoma
Does my mother have to get a survivor-ship deed if both my father passed away? Both parents are on mortgage free house deed.  Father passed away 3 months ago, Does Mother have to get a survivor-ship deed?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Isn&#39;t illegal for a corporation to terminate you for not doing a job other than the job they paid you and you agreed to contract to do? Isn't illegal for a corporation to terminate you for not doing a job other than the job they paid you and you agreed to contract to do?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is it legal for a landlord to not put a clause in the lease for the tenant to quit the lease with a 30-day notice? Is it legal for a landlord to not put a clause in the lease for the tenant to quit the lease with a 30-day notice?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do when used car leaks immediately after purchase? I purchased a used car from a local dealer Saturday afternoon, and that same evening an oil leakage happened.	Contract Questions,Legal Questions	Alabama
How do I prove that I was not on a credit card that my ex husband had? How do I prove that I was not on a credit card that my ex husband had?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
how long am I responsible to pay? how long am I responsible to pay?	Family Questions	New York
If the father of my child isn&#39;t stable for a living arrangements, will the courts grant him custody? If the father of my child isn't stable for a living arrangements, will the courts grant him custody of the child?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I get the marriage annulled if the divorce document is fake? i believe the divorce document from my husband is fake. Can I get the marriage annulled?	Immigration Questions	Virginia
Do I continue paying child support if my child moves away to go to college? Do I continue paying child support if my child moves away to go to college? Also I'm paying half for everything in college.	Family Questions	New York
Can a quit claim be reversed or annulled? Can a quit claim be reversed or annulled? My mother in law was tricked into signing one 20 years ago?  However the title still appears in her name. How do we find out about the quitclaim deed?  We just found out about the Quit deed.	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Lawyer files motion to withdraw now. The lawyer files motion to withdraw now. What do I do? No lawyer will take the case because previous lawyer put lien on case.	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
What can I do if my client is falsely claiming I stole a phone which I returned the next day? I work for a security company at a nightclub. The nightclub acts as the client for the company. A lost phone was returned to me as I was leaving and the next day I returned the phone back. The phone was water damaged due to an error of mine. I tried to restore it but it did not work and was told that I would need to let it dry out. The phone happened to belong to the general manager of the nightclub. He has been spreading the lie, to many people, that I intentionally stole the phone and the reason why it is restored is because I wanted to keep it. There is no evidence of this. I have been working there for 2 years and always return items.  I have lost income as well because of it. What can I do?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Does my roommate letting someone in without my permission make them an accomplice to trespassing? Does my roommate letting someone in without my permission make them an accomplice to trespassing?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can my employer deny me unemployment because of pregnancy and not being able to do all my duties? Can my employer deny me unemployment because of pregnancy and not being able to do all my duties?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What do I have to do if I&#39;m holding the mortgage on a house I sold 14 years ago and it&#39;ll be up in 2013? I sold a House 14 years ago, and I am holding the mortgage on it.  It will be up in 2013. What do I have to do?  Legal to turn the title to the buyer?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
What does it mean if a bank seeks judgement against me for an unpaid credit card? What does it mean if a bank seeks judgement against me for an unpaid credit card? I am not on the mortgage, only the note.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Minnesota
Who can help me legally if I&#39;m suppose to be off probation but is being held over my time? Who can help me legally if I'm suppose to be off probation but is being held over my time?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Will we be responsible for truancy if my 18-year-old wants to move out when still a senior in high school? My son is 18 and wants to move out. He is a senior in High school. Will we be responsible for truancy?	Family Questions	Florida
How much time allowed between officer releasing and pressing charges? How long does an officer have to charge or arrest you after he picks you up & then releases you an hour an a half after?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
If my daughter is 20 and her dad owe back child support can i get money owe to me? If my daughter is 20 and her dad owe back child support can i get money owe to me?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can you be fired for something you do on your rest period? can you be fired for something you do on your rest period?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Illegal in Colorado to make an employee work over 40 hours a week? Is it against the law in the state of Colorado to make an employee work over 40 hours a week?	Employment Questions	Colorado
How long do I have to wait if my tax refund has not come in 4 months? My tax refund in IL has not come and its been 4 months.  I filed on April 15.  How long do I have to wait?  They confirm they received it but no further information.	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Does a neighbor have the power to force us to move out when he wrote a letter complaining about my kids? I have 2 kids, 11 and 5, and they are good kids who like to help and got lot of awards at school. As soon they come from after school they want to play with bike, water gun outside of the Townhouse where we live; but our neighbor complained about everything, noise, water, they were not allowed to play at parking lot, etc. He sent a letter to Home Association about my kids, does he has power to force us to move out from where we live?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is the legal age when a child can choose to move out without parent&#39;s consent? What is the legal age when a child can choose to move out without parent's consent?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
How to proceed with divorce if can&#39;t locate partner? I want to divorce my wife but I haven't seen her in 10 years and I don't know where she is. We separated a month after our marriage in 2001 in CT, and haven't heard from her since. What do I do if I can't find her? Can I still proceed with the divorce?	Family Questions	New York
Since my ex-husband is his father legally can my son keep his Gi bill that helps him to go to school? Hi I live in Alabama and I married a guy in 1993. My husband was Military at the time he as since retired.  He has been paying only $216/month in child support.  Our son now is 19 years old and receives the GI Bill for school tuition and books.  I later found out that my son belongs to another man.  I waited to inform my son and his dad until he graduated from high school because my son was having a rough time emotionally.  Mind you his dad(ex-husband) has never been there for my son throughout his life.  He is asking for a copy of the blood test.  Should I give him a copy of the results??? Since my ex-husband is his father legally can my son keep his Gi bill that helps him to go to school?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can Chrysler charge EE with ALL FMLA absences during 35-day period? FMLA: Chrysler Employee took 35 days to get certification in to Sedgwick. Chrysler policy gives EE 30 days to comply. CFR 825.313 Failure to provide certification. Can Chrysler charge EE with ALL FMLA absences during 35 day period ?? If not how do I get them to comply ? Rob Hendershot&#114;&#x6d;&#x68;&#x32;&#x32;&#64;&#x63;&#104;&#x72;&#121;&#115;&#x6c;&#101;&#x72;&#46;&#x63;&#x6f;&#x6d;Thanks	Employment Questions	Michigan
Way to get around the new rules of spouse first in being named adm. of the estate for a sibling? My sister passed away last month. She didn't have a will or any assets, so no exec./adm. of her estate has been appointed. I want to be named the adm. of her estate because it appears that my sister died as a result of medical negligence.But because of the privacy rules concerning medical records, only the adm. of her estate can get access to them. Under the new rules, the spouse is first in line.She was married to deadbeat dad #1, and it turns out she never officially got divorced. I don't believe I will ever be able to convince him to sign off.Do you know if there is any way to get around the new rules of spouse first in being named adm. of the estate for a sibling who died intestate, and who had no property or assets?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
How long do I have to file a work related injury after the accident? How long do I have to file a work related injury after the accident?	Personal Injury Questions	Oregon
How much money can I get back from the builder if he did not built the house he was supposed to? I put down a large sum of money to start having a home built.  I did this without thinking it through, as my husband has recently passed away.  So now I DO NOT want to have this home built which they just started the frame work, which is not completed yet.  So my question is how much money can I get back from the builder, I believe it is called earnest money?  How much can they take.	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
If you make a donation to a 501c copr. for a specific purpose and they use it for something else and then deny receiving it, is this legal?	Corporate Questions	Florida
Mother paying for ex-husband&#39;s unemployment. Is it true that with new unemployment laws, my child lives with my x husband and he applies for unemployment I have to pay 24% towards that unemployment?  I am the mother.	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Family Questions,Finance Questions,Legal Questions	Illinois
I was injured at a concert receiving 18 stitches in my leg from being pulled over a barricade also sustaining sprained ankle. No employees offered any medical service to me. what should I do?	Administrative Law Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Minnesota
Is an apartment landlord required to fix the A/C unit by law? Is an apartment landlord required to fix the A/C unit by law?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is there a way to have one lease and not penalize all four roommates if one defaults? Hi. I am a landlord renting to four tenants on one lease. They are concerned if one tenant doesn't pay they will all be evicted. Is there a way to have one lease and not penalize all four roommates if one defaults?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How long max. my mother-in-law could stay in Bangladesh? Dear sir,My mother-in-law is 65 and she has green card for last 7 years. She is from Bangladesh. She wants to go Bangladesh. How many months/years maximum she could stay in Bangladesh?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Are investments of spouse considered joint assets? Are investments of spouse considered joint assets?	Family Questions	North Carolina
What can I do to ensure I am making a fair wage? I have been working for 13 years at the same job and I'm still making minimum wage. I feel I am been cheated at my work.  What can I do to make sure I am make a fair wage?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Can my mother get any benefits if my father passed away but did not file for retirement? My father just passed away. He lived here in the U.S.A since 1986, but he did not file for retirement yet. Can my mother get any benefits?	Family Questions	California
If a person is renting a room, does the landlord have to give that person 30 days for eviction? if a person is renting a room in a rooming house, does the land lord have to give that person 30 days to leave in the case of eviction, or can the person be evicted in the same day? Also there was no lease signed in this case.	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
How to avoid if bank is seeking relief from stay on chapter 13 due to missed mortgage payments? Bank is seeking relief from stay on foreclosure/chapter 13 due to missed mortgage payments. Need to know how to avoid this. Will getting mortgage payments up to date stop this action?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
How do I evict if I am a subleter and my spouse still lives there? How do I evict if I am a subleter and my spouse still lives there?	Real Estate Questions	California
How can I accuse someone for defamation? How can I accuse someone for defamation?	Criminal Questions	Connecticut
What do I do if my husband told me he is moving out? My husband told me he is moving out. What do I do?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a Rule to Show Cause case be dropped after Service of Process? Can a Rule to Show Cause case be dropped after Service of Process?	Family Questions	South Carolina
Are they allowed to require me to pay for a class I already have done? I received a written reprimand that said I did not follow policy when In fact I did follow policy and Florida Law regarding a resident. I was then told I had to re do my certification without pay or be taken of the schedule as a med tech. My certificate does not expire until November-Are they allowed to require me to pay for a class I already have done	Employment Questions	Florida
If the property deed is in my name, does my spouse have to sign the lease as well? I am looking to see what the capacity law is for an oil & gas lease in Ohio.  If the property deed is in my name and I am married, if I sign and oil and gas lease does my spouse have to sign the lease as well?	Real Estate Questions	New York
At what age will a judge hear what a child has to say about who they want to live with? At what age in the state of Oregon will a judge hear what a child has to say about who they want to live with?	Family Questions	Oregon
Will passenger in reckless driving accident be summoned as witness? I was a passenger in a car accident in Virginia. The driver was charged with reckless driving. The police officer took my information, but that was all. Will I be summons to court as a witness?	Legal Questions,Leisure &amp; Travel Questions	Virginia
Can I request for the petition of divorce that husband sought be throw out based on false info? Can I request for the petition of divorce that husband sought be throw out based on false information pertaining to when we lived together last?	Family Questions	Texas
Can you get a pro bono lawyer in Florida if you are not a resident of the state? Can you get a pro bono lawyer in Florida if you are not a resident of the state?	Family Questions	Florida
Do we need to get carpet professionally cleaned? We fulfilled our lease a year ago and now have lived here for two years. We pay rent month to month, and are we obligated to get the carpet professionally cleaned?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
How lien can be put on property before you ever owned any property if you filed bankruptcy? I would like to know how lien can be put on property before you ever owned any property if you filed bankruptcy? Can they still put lien on property and if liens are 14 and 15 yrs old is their anything I can do to them remove?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
If residential rental is purchased, does the new owner have to honor the previous lease agreement in state of Florida?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
How can I put my late parents&#39; house in my son&#39;s name, but not for him to pay inheritance tax? Both parents passed away in the last year.  How can I put their house in my son's name, but not for him to pay inheritance tax. They left the house to him in their will.	Family Questions	Florida
Is a verbal contract good with witnesses in Illinois? Is a verbal contract good with witnesses in Illinois?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
I&#39;m trying to get custody of my daughter. Her father is keeping her from me. Neither of us have custody. How do I handle this?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If your child goes away to visit a relative do you still get child support? If your child goes away to visit a relative do you still get child support?	Family Questions	Illinois
What is the next step I should do on trying to get my son back in my custody? Hello, my name is Beth Huston. What is the next step I should do on trying to get my son back in my custody? I want to see him but I've tried filling a custody complaint and want to know what to do next.	Family Questions	Michigan
What can I do to make my ex help me more with our son if he&#39;s always has excuses? My baby daddy and I were marry but separate since our son was 3 months. Now he's 3 and we are still separate and every time the baby needs something from him he always have an excuse. What can I do to make him help me more with our son?	Family Questions	Illinois
Law requiring cities agencies seeking multiple prime  contractor bids? What is the pennsylvania state law that requires that cities and public agencies seek multiple independent "prime" contractor bids, rather than awarding all work to a single contractor responsible for hiring building-trades contractors?	Employment Questions	Maryland
What are the two N.Y. statues for minors? I need to know the two New York statutes involving minors and contracts	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Can they legally keep my car from me if I paid everything? I had a car repossessed. I did everything the bank asked me to do in order to get it back. I paid all late payments, paid repossession fee, and showed proof of insurance. They said once I did all this I could get my car back, but now they are saying I can''t because I don''t have a driver license. The car was purchased in July of 09 without a license. Can they legally keep my car from me?	Finance Questions	Georgia
Is there a way in GA to adopt without a lawyer? My husband wants to adopt my son. We have been together since my son was a baby and he had no relationship with his bio. I have contacted lawyers but the say it will cost $1000-1500 to go through them. Is there a way in Ga to adopt without a lawyer? I heard something about filing ourselves and putting something in the newspaper, I know it would be cheaper but I am not sure how to go about it.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How much longer can the tenant lawfully stay in the property? I have a property that is being managed by a management company. The tenant signed a 2-year lease which is up on 02/29/12, according to the mgt co she was notified 30 days ago the lease will terminate on 02/29/12. How much longer can she lawfully stay in the property?	Real Estate Questions	California
When does the &quot;implied warranty of habitability&quot; law apply? When does the "implied warranty of habitability" law apply?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
How to stop a collections company to continue stop reporting when statue of limitation has been reached? How to stop a collections company to continue stop reporting when statue of limitation has been reached?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do if my lawyer wasn&#39;t entirely honest with me? I need to know some questions to ask an attorney that has quit my case and when I took the case to another attorney he said the time was up to file this case. The whole time the attorney had my case he said we had a great case kept telling me this the whole time until one day I go to the mailbox and my stuff was there. I have a meeting scheduled with him to find out why he let my statue run out.	Personal Injury Questions	Kentucky
Legal for a police officer to publicly humiliate them? Is it legal for a police officer to make a person in custody go into a public gas station handcuffed and him coming in with that person to get proper change for a bond on their way to the police post? Is it a form of public humiliatiion being that the person had not yet gone to court and been proven guilty yet?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
How old do I have to be before I can move out of my parents&#39; house? how old do I have to be before I can move out of my parents' house? I am 18 and work a full time and part time job. I have graduated high school. Yet they take every dime I make out of my account by forging my signature and say if I am not home by dinner time don't come home.	Family Questions	New York
What are my options to reclaim my property? I Just got my property surveyed.  Found our neighbors fence is 2 feet on my land.  What are my options to reclaim my property?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How can you find out what happened to your father at state? How can you find out what happened to your father at state? He died almost nine years ago and there has been nothing and I know for a fact that I was suppose to get something.  I did receive a phone call from a stranger about two years ago and never heard anything else. Please help me get some kind of closer with this.	Family Questions	Virginia
Legal for my son&#39;s father to keep him legally after a visitation if no visitation has ever been ordered? I am trying to find out if my son's father can keep him legally after a visitation if no visitation has ever been ordered?	Family Questions	Florida
Can child support seize an account set up for retirement? Can child support seize an account set up for retirement?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can cheating spouses lose custody rights? Can cheating spouses lose custody rights?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Rhode Island
Is repossession contract void if car not registered with DMV before sending forms? CA-  I repo'ed a car from a buyer for non payment.  Now, after 8 months of using the car, she wants to void the contract and get money back.  The contract is solid, but she is claiming fraud because her car was not registered for 68 days.  I sent the forms to the DMV after 50 days.  Can she void it?	California Questions,Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
Relationship between a school district fund balance and the school boards ability to raise taxes? What is the relationship between a school district fund balance and the school boards ability to raise taxes?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I sign a statement and put it onto my credit if it&#39;s in my mother&#39;s name? I have used a credit card in my mothers name for years, with no issues. I use it, I pay the bill no worries. Then I lost my job, mom got cancer and we are so struggling with no money. Now the credit card company is going to file legally against my mom. What can I do to save this stress and judgement from my moms credit? Can I sign a statement and put it onto my credit?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Am I entitled to inheritance if no will? My father passed away and there was no will. He was not on my birth papers, so am I entitled  to what he had left after his death or does it go to his living family?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What are the emancipation fees in Florida? What are the emancipation fees in Florida?	Family Questions	Florida
Help me find the CO statute on exceptions to child support payments when child is of emancipated age? Can you help me find the Colorado statute on exceptions to child support payments when child is of emancipated age, but lives with parent and is too sick to be on her own?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can I dispute multiple charges from my ex-landlord? My ex-landlord took $1510 from my $2250 deposit, some charges I do not dispute, but could I dispute the following charges?: $400 for lawn damage (lease states landscaping is not my responsibility, claims I unplugged her sprinkler system though I never knew about it), $375 to repair hole in wall and repaint (paint was old, hole was less than 6"x6"), $180 for windows/blind cleaning (1 story, 1200sqft home), and $200 for bathroom cleaning/toilet repair (toilet screws needed tightening, and toilet needed sealant). I also wonder if she voided her lease, and thus her claims, because she returned the refund 3 weeks after my turning over the property (her lease says no more than 2 weeks)? Thank you very much.	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I still owe them even though I never signed up for the service and they picked up my garbage anyway? I moved into our house about 2 years ago and was unaware we had to sign up for waste management services. They recently told me my account was past due and found out I owe over $1K. Do I still owe them even though I never signed up for the service and they picked up my garbage anyway?	Real Estate Questions	California
If we decide to get a divorce can I still leave the state with my son before the divorce is settled? I am looking to separate from my husband but we have a 5 month old son, can I leave the state without breaking any laws? And if we decide to get a divorce can I still leave the state with my son before the divorce is settled?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I evict the tenants I rented the trailer if it was for the space only but are using it now? if  I own a trailer and rented to people to pay for the space only and not for the use of it. Can I evict them?	Real Estate Questions	California
Does DC recognize a married couple as separated but living in the same house? Does Washington, DC recognize a married couple being separated but living in the same house but different bedrooms for over a year as a legal separation?	Real Estate Questions	District of Columbia
How can I get a court order to force a 16-year-old female to provide a DNA after refusing to do so? How can I get a court order to force a 16-year-old female to provide a DNA after refusing to do so	Family Questions	Arizona
What is the father&#39;s rights to his kid and how does the father attain his rights? What is the father's rights to his kid and how does the father attain his rights?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a company garnish your wages and your only source of income is workman&#39;s comp? Can a company garnish your wages and your only source of income is workman's comp?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Michigan
How can I file for custody of my daughter when the mother is in Virginia and I am in Georgia? How can I file for custody of my daughter when the mother is in Virginia and I am in Georgia?	Family Questions	Georgia
How can I keep my case active when there was a medical malpractice? Medical Mal in PA. Incident has compromised my cognitive focus. and severely limited my ability to communicate (verbally), do to permanent laryngeal nerve damage, This did not happen during surgery, it was a IV sedated MRI. An attorney filed the case, then dropped out, I have continued Pro Se. With my abilities limited I am not able to keep up with the time restraints they set on paperwork. I can not afford an attorney.Now there is a motion to sanction.  How can I keep my case active? How do I combat the sanctions? Leigh County, PA.&#x72;&#x61;&#100;&#x64;&#x69;&#x73;&#x6f;&#110;&#x40;&#x70;&#116;&#x64;&#46;&#x6e;&#x65;&#x74;	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
What are my rights if the RV park continues to bill me after fully paying and terminated the agreement? I have a "leaseholder" membership agreement with a RV Park where I pay annual fees. I want to terminate this agreement as my fees are fully paid. The park continues to bill me. What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is there anything I can do to receive the overtime wage I did  not receive? I was terminated from my job and found out after the fact that I should have been paid for overtime I worked. Is there anything I can do to receive the overtime wage I did  not receive?	Employment Questions	Georgia
RV site will not return money I put down to reserve site. To guarantee a RV site in Florida I had to place a thousand dollars on a credit card.  Two weeks after I did that we tried to get our money back.  They are keeping the $1000.  Can they do that?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
If there is a custody case in  New York that gave me the mom residential custody can the father non custodial bring a new case in a different state New Jersey to get custody? If there is a custody case in one state New York that gave me the mom residential custody can the father non custodial bring a new case in a different state New Jersey to get custody?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can I take landlord to court  to get money back that was paid after foreclosure? the home i have been renting has been foreclosed. i don't know when the actual foreclosure took place, but i have been paying rent for the last few months, after the foreclosure. i didn't know about the foreclosure, so i was responsible tenant and paid rent on time. can i take landlord to court  to get money back that was paid after foreclosure ??	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Is my employer correct that her industry of a golf course is exempt from over-time law? In Pa. my employer who runs a seasonal country  and golf course states that she does not have to pay over-time in this business. I work as  cook. Is she correct that her industry is exempt from over-time law?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it a law that 15-minute breaks be granted a few times when working an 8-hour day? Is it a state law that 15-minute break be granted to employees in the morning and afternoon when working an 8-hour day?	Employment Questions	New York
Can an employer threaten your job if you don&#39;t bring something to them? Can your employer threaten your job if you don't bring something to them while you're out of work on sick leave?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Cancelling advertising over phone without 30 day written notice. If we cancelled an advertising over the phone to stop another year renewal but didn't write 30 day cancellation notice that they require, are we still in the contract for another year? They never told us to have 30 day written notice when we signed on but they say its now in the contract.	Advertising Law Questions	Utah
How can we find out if my husband got a divorce in Panama so we can get married? I am dating a man for 5 years who is from Panama.He got married in Panama but came to the U.S. and been separated for 5 years.  How can we find out if he got a divorce so we can get married?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
In Michigan can I move out at 17? In Michigan can I move out at 17?	Family Questions	Michigan
Is there anything we can do to get more time to  hire a new lawyer to amend? My spouse and I recently filed Chapter 7 bankruptcy in FL. At our 341 meeting UST advised presumption of abuse to be filed. We noted on our petition that the numbers filed out by our attorney didn't match the amounts on our paperwork we provided . Our attorney is now asking for additional funds to amend their mistakes. They also refused a face to face meeting to discuss within the 10 days. Is there anything we can do to get more time to  hire a new lawyer to amend? What's the best way to proceed in this case? Thanks	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How long can a hospital in New York legally hold you after attempt of suicide with a gun involved? How long can a hospital in New York legally hold you after attempt of suicide with a gun involved?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Why can i not receive my support payment over the weekend? Why can i not receive my support payment over the weekend?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can you take legal action against a college for not refunding your loan disbursement?	Commercial Questions,Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Education Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my ex wife take our  children across state lines legally? None	Family Questions	Georgia
Can a debt collector or mortgage company attach my existing monthly annuity income? Can a debt collector or mortgage company attach my existing monthly annuity income? (debt is result of foreclosure)	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How to get dismissal for 20 year old DUI that no longer has any paperwork? My brother used my name on a d.u.i. stop in 1989 in North Carolina and I can't get the involved parties to dismiss the case, although everyone has stated they have no problem with a dismissal being this is over 20 years old and there no longer is any paperwork. I need help resolving this.	Criminal Questions	Delaware
What is the flipping laws in GA? What is the flipping laws in GA? Is there a holding period? Can it be eliminated?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Is a 17-year-old pregnant girl considered emancipated in New York? Is a 17-year-old pregnant girl considered emancipated in New York?	Family Questions	California
Do I have to be out on the first or in 30 days? My lease is up on the 1st, however, the eviction papers say I have 25 days to appeal and 30days to get out. Which is it? Do I have to be out on the first or in 30 days?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Are we liable for the accrued interest? We bought a property 15 years ago. Never received a bill in 15 years for property taxes. We assumed it was included in our monthly bill from the municipality. They are now suing us for the whole amount.Are we liable for the whole amount? Are we liable for the accrued interest? What about Statute of Limitations?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can a subway pay $4.25 for the training period? Can a subway pay $4.25 for the training period?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is there any labor laws at all against working on holiday and in this type of weather condition? I work in lawn maintenance and my boss is making us work on Memorial Day and also in the remaining weather of tropical storm Beryl which made land fall in Jacksonville, Florida at midnight last night which is exactly where all of our jobs take place. Is there any labor laws at all against working on this holiday and in this type of weather condition?	Employment Questions	Florida
Right for an employer to force us to change our availability to 24 hours? I work at Walmart they are making us change our availability to 24 hrs or we can't get full time hours. Is it right they want us to work 24/7?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is rent control mostly in college towns? Is rent control mostly in college towns?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is there a law that prohibits retailers from accepting an unopened box of pool chemicals? Is there an Illinois law that prohibits retailers from accepting an unopened box of pool chemicals?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What is reasonable period of time for executor of estate to dispense bonds in grandsons name? What is reasonable period of time for executor of estate to dispense bonds in grandsons name. dod 07-30-2012	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
May I still enforce the lease renewal if he&#39;s accepted and retain the payment, or must u accept a month to month tenancy? Nys lease questionIf my landlord provides me with a renewal lease, I sign it and return it with my payment, but he then after accepting the signed lease and payment returns the lease to me unsigned by him with void written on it. May I still enforce the lease renewal if he's accepted and retain the payment, or must u accept a month to month tenancy?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Does the contractor have to pay travel time to worksite if employee goes straight from home? California landscape contractor sends hourly employees to different work sites. Does she have to pay travel time to work site if employee goes straight from home?	Employment Questions	California
How do we make it official so my stepdaughter can enroll in school and get the child support cancelled? My 14-year-old Step-daughter came to our home to visit for the summer and decided to stay and start the school year with us. After her mother got upset she told the daughter to never contact them or anyone in their family. She turned off her cell phone and had the entire family block her from facebook. We pay $600.00 per month in child support and the child is getting free lunches at school and free field trips. Her mother also voluntarily quit her job and dropped the insurance on the child which put her in contempt of court. She has not had the proper medical treatment and eye care in the last two years. How do we make it official so she can enroll in school and get the child support cancelled? We do not want any money from the mother.	Family Questions	Georgia
If I lose the court case with the Condo Association can the lawyers fees and court costs be dismissed in bankruptcy? The Condo Association for a rental property that is currently in foreclosure is attempting to evict my tenant. I'm defending myself in that lawsuit. I'm attempting to declare bankruptcy soon. If I lose the court case with the Condo Association can the lawyers fees and court costs be dismissed in bankruptcy?	Consumer Questions	Florida
How is my share affected if ex-husband takes money out of pension? My EX husband took money out of his retirement pensions. I am suppossed to get 60% at the time of the divorce, I get the money when he retires from GM.  Do I have to take less then what was in there at the time of divorce?	Contract Questions,Family Questions	Indiana
Can my landlord raise my rent even though my lease is not up until June? I am a college student in Wisconsin and have a 1 year lease. I just received a notice from my landlord saying that the city raised the water/sewer rates and that  because that is included as part of the rent, he is raising the rent.Can he do this even though my lease is not up until June?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
What can I do when Ohio Worker&#39;s comp does not co-operate with pain management? What can I do when Ohio Worker's comp does not co-operate with pain management? The doctor is in Florida and  they refuse to prepay for the initial visit? Am I getting the runaround from them and the medical administrator?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What to do if my work hours are being drastically reduced? My hours have been reduced in the past couple of months from 25 to just 20. Next week I have a 4 hour shift and 4.5 shift.	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can I leave my son&#39;s father and still keep my son? i want to leave my sons father but he threatens me about that i wont get my son	Family Questions	Connecticut
Should the rent include services? Park administrator at the trailer park I live is charging me a fee for picking up some wood that I placed at the curb. I pay a monthly rent for the lot. Should the rent include that service?	Leasing Questions	Minnesota
Employer have the right if I never gave her permission to talk about my work history from my first employer? I left one employer and came to another. My first one has clients that I also have here. My first employer called my new employer to talk about clients but then started to talk about me to my new employer. Does she have that right? I never gave her permission to talk about my work history or my personal stuff from my first employer.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is the car dealer still held responsible? I bought a vehicle from a buy here pay here car dealership. I signed a warranty with the faith that everything was okay with the vehicle. Three days later the car broke down and was spewing oil. I had the van towed to a mechanic. The mechanic looked over the vehicle and said they sold me an unsafe vehicle because parts were missing, cur in half, welded on, and even taped together. The car dealer said there is nothing that they can do because I signed the as is warranty. I am in Indianapolis and have been told there are no lemon laws against this. Is the car dealer still held responsible for this?	Consumer Questions	Ohio
Can I show that I was mentally unfit when I agreed to the original distribution? I have been divorced since 02/2008. When the divorce was finalized I agreed to an equitable distribution of assets that left me with much more debt to pay off than my spouse. I was not well when I agreed to it, a psychiatric illness for which I'm now successfully being treated for. However, I was unable to pay off all the debt, some under my ex spouses name, because I was sick and had a large decrease in income. I have filed a chapter 11 bankruptcy 3/12. My ex spouse paid off what wasn't of the debt in his name and us now suing me for what he paid, tax on debt relief and legal fees. I want to know if I can show that I was mentally unfit when I agreed to the original distribution?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How long after my child&#39;s graduation can we go after my ex for the back support? My ex-husband did not pay child support while my child was in college. How long after her graduation in Colorado can we go after him for the back support?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can I file for custody or joint custody where I am in Mchenry county if my daughter is Logan County? My ex husband has custody of my 6-year-old daughter in Logan County. Can I file for custody or joint custody where I am in Mchenry county?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can a 17-year-old decide to live with the father without going to court again? Can a 17 year old decide to live with the father with out going to court again in the state of Texas?	Family Questions	Kansas
If my ex owned a property that my name is not on and he bought before we were married, do I have rights? Hi, If my ex owned a property that my name is not there and he bought before we got married, do I have a right? Also his retirement and some of his bank account are included. Do I have a right?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What are the exceptions to Pennsylvania idle law? What are the exceptions to Pennsylvania idle law?	Employment Questions	California
Does the landlord have the right to come down in the basement whenever he wants to? I am renting a basement at a house and the landlord lives up stairs but his washer & dryer is in the basement. Does the landlord have the right to come down in the basement whenever he wants to?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Help cause I&#39;m unable to collect some type of railroad or social security survivor benefits? Hello, I'm a 43-year-old disabled person who is attempting to collect some type of railroad or social security survivor benefits. However, I'm having a really difficult time locating the program that I qualify for. I just can't seem to understand the paper work. I have also worked from the age of 16 before I became disabled in 1999. However social security is not willing to issue me a monthly check claiming I'm not qualified. Please if there is anything you or someone can do please help?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Are my landlords responsible for my air conditioning that is out? Are my landlords responsible for my air conditioning that is out?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can they take a dollar from your pay? Can they take a dollar from your pay?	Employment Questions	New Mexico
Can power of attorney be valid from another country? Can my mother in Cuba sign a power of attorney that is valid in Florida?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How to get back pay? How do I go about getting back pay that my job owes me?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Do I have to have an eviction in writing to remove a roommate? I live in colo springs, colo and i have a dilemma.  I have a roommate that I want out of my apartment. I'm on the lease and he is not. The only reason he is there is because I owe a friend a favor. He hasn't pay rent in 3 months and he live here for five. I gave him a verbal  statement about 2 months, if he doesn't have a job and rent by the end of June 2012 he's kick out. Now he saying that I have to have an eviction in writing. What legal rights does he have and my rights? Also I'm a male.	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Question regarding a landlord? Landlord has been an ongoing problem for over a year now, and because I had not answered my phone, they are trying to evict us. I live in Catawissa P.A. Also, they owe us money as the agreement that Wed, do the labor and they would pay for materials to fix up the much needed property no bathroom, no heating, mold, fixed lots of leaks and broken pipes.  Can I fight this to get out monies due to us!?? Thank You !!	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Fair someone got dismissed over an argument? Someone has been working 30 years for someone and they always tell him we need young people to work. He had argument with somebody at work and they wrote them & got dismissed from his job. Is that fair?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What can I do if I was fired in February and I keep getting denied for unemployment? I was fired in February and I filed for unemployment. I keep getting denied. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can my brother say where he wants to live if he&#39;s 15? My brother is 16 and wants to live with me. Our dad has custody because his mom left him when he was 5. Dad said okay but his mom said no. She was going to fight for custody. Can my brother say where he wants to live if he's 15?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can I sue my old boss when I was her live-in nanny and was only paid 400 a month? Can I sue my old boss when I was her live-in nanny and was only paid 400 a month?	Employment Questions	California
Are corporations allowed to make random drug testings and do you have to submit? are corporations allowed to make random drug testings and do you have to submit	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can I take my ex back to court for full custody even though we had an agreement? I went to court with kids father and made an agreement for joint custody for every other week. I felt like that was the rite thing for my child at the time but I no longer think this due to previous situations. Can I take him back to court for full custody even though we had an agreement?	Family Questions	South Carolina
Can I drink an alcoholic beverage while traveling in the back of an RV? Can I drink an alcoholic beverage while traveling in the back of an RV in the states of Massachusetts and New York?	Criminal Questions	New Hampshire
Question regarding an owner that rents out her unit but has not paid assn dues in over 3 years? I am an owner in a condo association in WI. We have an owner that rents out her unit but has not paid assn dues in over 3 years. We have filed a lien against her to no avail, and would like to pursue it further. Although her unit is in WI, she lives in IL. Which state would have jurisdiction and do we have any other recourse?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
What is my ex going to be entitled to as far as my pension and social security is concerned? My wife and I are getting divorced. We have been married for ten years. After seven years of marriage, I retired. I am 62 and she is 46. What is she going to be entitled to as far as my pension and social security is concerned? We reside in the state of Oregon.	Family Questions	Oregon
Does my ex have a legal right to say who can go into the house and who can&#39;t if it&#39;s under his name? My ex and I bought a house in 2006 and we broke up 2 years ago. I stayed in the house with our children. The house is in foreclosure but I should mention the house is only in his name, my question is does he have a legal right to say who can go into the house and who cant'? I have a new bf after 2 years and now my ex says he is not allowed in the house or he will call the police. I just want to know if he has a legal right to do that?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Am I able to get an annulment if I just got married and my husband already cheated on me? I just got married on June 1st and my husband cheated on me with his ex girlfriend. Am I able to get an annulment?	Family Questions	Arizona
Can my ex move out of state next week with my daughter? I just received a letter from my ex-wife's attorney stating that she will be moving out of state next week with my daughter. Can she do that?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Employer have the right to withhold raises that were not given? Does an employer have the right to withhold raises that were not given then terminate the employee two months later?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Possible to be denied unemployment benefits cause I applied for disability benefits? I was denied unemployment benefits because I applied for disability benefits?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Can a deadbeat dad be tried in civil court for unpaid past child support? can a deadbeat dad be tried in civil court for unpaid past child support	Family Questions	Utah
Am I legally able to move out of state with my son if there was court ordered custody? I want to move with my son out of the state. We currently reside in Michigan and want to make sure that I am legally able to. His father and I were never married, and although he signed the birth certificate no court ordered custody arrangements have been made.	Family Questions	Michigan
If there&#39;s no book or page number, does this mean that I have never been legally married since 1979? After years, I wrote to New York State for a certified copy of my marriage certificate.  When I received the certificate, it had no book or page number, which should have been on it in order to be "registered" in the vital statistics office.  Does this mean that I have never been legally married since 1979?  I needed to get a copy in order to get a Florida driver's license, which is now where I am residing.	Family Questions	Florida
Can I get a ticket dismissed by a judge if the officer wrote the wrong info down? My wife got a traffic ticket 2 hours ago, the officer wrote down the wrong California Violation code and my wife's birth date is wrong. Can I get this ticket dismissed by a judge?	Criminal Questions	California
Is the seller or his broker responsible for a compromised foundation in the home? Is the seller or his broker responsible for a compromised foundation in the home?	Real Estate Questions	Rhode Island
How long is a retail associate permitted to work alone in a large store? How long is a retail associate permitted to work alone in a large store?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Questions about divorce? We were married in California. I now live in AZ. I want to file for a divorce. We have not had contact by her choice. No children or property to divide.1. Am I able to file in California while living in AZ?2. Do we need to have her served at her work if she refuses to communicate?3. I am a Marine, was not at home, she took school loans out in my name, do I check credit report before filing or is that a separate issue?	Family Questions	Mississippi
Do I really have to pay this lien? Building and Safety put a lien without my knowledge on a property that I own. The house is under construction, I didn't work on it for three years, and obviously I don't leave there. Somebody dumped trash, city cleaned up and put the lien on it. No notification or summon, although my address is on the very paper they filled. They are expecting me to pay in spite of the fact that there were no notifications from them, and all happened two and a half years ago. Do I really have to pay this lien?Thank you,Felix.	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I legally be advising participants and overseeing 24 Ohio nurses who do telephonic nursing? I am an RN in the state of MI. I have an opportunity to work for a wellness company. My job would entail overseeing 24 Ohio nurses who do telephonic nursing with participants to improve their health with knowledge management computer program. I would be advising participants as well. Can I legally do this?	Employment Questions	Michigan
A female employee has changed her story numerous times and keeps harassing the owner. Does she have a case against the company? A female employee was recently involved in a confrontation with another male employee. The male employee made a comment about the employee knowing how to get what she wanted....meaning she knew how to use her smarts and charms to simply get what she wished for. The employee took it wrong and began arguing with the male.  As a result she walked out and quit her job. The next day she called the owner and demanded another job at another facility or unemployment benefits or she'll sue the business. The next day she called back and demanded the male employee be fired and she be given his job or a job regardless. She has changed her story numerous times and keeps harassing the owner. Does she have a case against the company?	Employment Questions	California
How do I terminate parent rights? How do I terminate parent rights?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Legal for my dentist to charged me for my medical records when I moved? My dentist charged me for my medical records when I moved. Is that legal according to HIPPA?	Personal Injury Questions	Maryland
How long does a tenant have to remove property after an eviction from a apartment in California? How long does a tenant have to remove property after an eviction from a apartment in California?	Real Estate Questions	California
Why are mechanics not paid time and a half for any work over 40 hours? Why are mechanics in the state of Pennsylvania not paid time and a half for any work over 40 hours?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal since the car has a lien holder on it? My car was seized by the county sheriff's dept. due to an Instruction for Levy.  The car has a lien holder on it so it is not owned by me.  The car is scheduled to be auctioned as a means of settling the civil judgement.  Is this legal since the car has a lien holder on it?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What should I do if I got divorce papers from my wife? Just got divorce papers from my wife. What should I do know?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
I was on probation for a felony drug charge until 2023. I was discharged from probation early in 2011. my criminal record says discharged from probation 9/9/2011 . Then my record says &quot; 3/15/2023  converted pending activity&quot;. What does that mean?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Would I be eligible for at least the two year&#39;s severance? I am a full time Assistant Manager with a retail store in Glendale, California.  The company is closing my location, thus terminating my position.  I was offered and accepted a part time manager position at another location.  My hourly wage was cut by over a third and my hours in half.   I was told since I was "transferring" I was not eligible for a severance payout.  I've been employed by this company for 5 years, three years part time and two years full time.  Would I be eligible for at least  the two years severance?  I did not voluntarily step down; I was forced to.  I was told I had the option of declining the part time position and accepting a severance package with possibly being rehired 2 months later if the opportunity arises.	Employment Questions	California
If there are children with their mother and the father believes that the mother not doing her job to keep them safe, what are the things that he needs to do to have them in his custody?	Family Questions	Michigan
What can I do if my spouse is keeping me away from my children? My spouse is keeping my kids from me. What can I do about it?	Family Questions	Florida
I would like to know if a final order can be thrown out or dismissed due to not knowing a new judge would be hearing my case a few minutes before it was heard? I would like to know if a final order can be thrown out or dismissed due to not knowing a new judge would be hearing my case a few minutes before it was heard?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If you leave a job and have unused vacation time are you entitled to receive that or only if you are terminated by the employer? If you leave a job and have unused vacation time are you entitled to receive that or only if you are terminated by the employer?	Employment Questions	New York
What are my rights if I signed a contract with a friend, but the owner wants the car back? I signed a contract with a friend for the purchase of a vehicle. None of the terms of the vehicle have been breached but the owner of the vehicle would like the car back. What are my rights?	Consumer Questions	Maryland
Can multiple wills be recorded with Clerk of Circuit Court? Can more than one will be recorded with the Clerk Of The Circuit Court Of Cook County Illinois?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
How would I get a copy of a living will out of Missouri? How would I get a copy of aliving willout of Missouri? It is my mom's will but my brother is the executor. I have asked my mom's lawyer for a copy and got no response.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What should I do if the person who sold me the car breaks down and will not talk to me? I bought a car from a neighbor under the assumption that the car was in good condition. After 3 days and 7 breakdowns, the car no longer works and the person that sold me the car won't talk to me. What should I do?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Do aunts have visitation rights in the state of Indiana? Do aunts have visitation rights in the state of Indiana?	Family Questions	Illinois
Do you keep what you came in relationship with before marriage? In Georgia do you keep what you came in relationship with before marriage like disabled vet pension and social security disability?	Family Questions	Georgia
Does my son&#39;s father have to pay child support after an affiliation order was filed by a support magistrate? Does my son's father have to pay child support after an affiliation order has been filed by a support magistrate even if I don't want child support from him?	Family Questions	New York
What are the maximum occupancy limits for residential leased homes? what are the maximum occupancy limits for residential leased homes in the county of Houston. Georgia?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
What can I do if I owe property tax money from previous years? What can I do if I owe property tax money from previous years?  We disputed and had a ruling in our favor, but wish to go back and change the previous years.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
My landlord harassed me but I can&#39;t leave. What do I do? Hi, my name is Brittany and three months ago I moved into my landlord's home. It used to be his dad's home but he passed away so my landlord was renting it out to me and some friends. But the thing is I never signed a lease or contract or anything because my landlord never got permission from anyone to actually rent to people. So yesterday my landlord sexually harassed me and I don't no what to do. I can't leave because I can't afford any place else. I'm scared that he's going to kick me out. Can he do that?	Leasing Questions	Minnesota
What&#39;s the fine for not yielding to a pedestrian in a crosswalk? what is the fine for not yielding to a pedestrian in a crosswalk when he is five lanes over away from you?	Criminal Questions	New York
What are the laws in dating a minor in Indiana? What are the laws in dating a minor in Indiana?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Question regarding filing a bankruptcy in 2007? We filed for bankruptcy back in 2007 and our 2nd mortgage just wrote off our loan. They told me they can't contact us or send us send us statements but we can continue to pay on it.	Family Questions	Indiana
Is the landlord required to supply working smoke detector? I live in Florida in a 2 bedroom condo. Is the landlord required to supply working smoke detector?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How long do I have when I get an order of eviction? How long do I have when I get an order of eviction in the state of Michigan?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How can I find out if I&#39;m divorced from my husband? How can I find out if I'm divorced from my husband? He moved from where I live. He married someone in Kentucky. She divorced him. He says we're divorced but never gave me any proof.	Family Questions	Florida
Can a minor pick up a prescription for an adult? Can a minor pick up a prescription for an adult?	Criminal Questions	California
Is it legal to have residency requirements for city government employment? Is it legal to have residency requirements for city government employment?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can parents set up a family trust for their kids with a business? Can parents set up a family trust for their kids with a business?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Nevada
Legal to have an armed security officer work a 12 hour shift with no breaks? Is it legal to have an armed security officer work a 12 hour shift with no breaks and not allowing him/her to even sit down in a chair for a few minutes?	Employment Questions	Florida
If I work over 8 hours in one day, am I entitled to overtime pay? If I work over 8 hours in one day, am I entitled to overtime pay?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Why does it take involuntary payments 30 to 180 days to get posted on your card? Why does it take involuntary payments 30 to 180 days to get posted on your card?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
In Georgia, can a mother have her kids taken away if she is a stripper? In Georgia, can a mother have her kids taken away if she is a stripper?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can I be fired while on workers comp for a work-related injury? Can I be fired while on workers comp for a work-related injury?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
What should I do if I rented and they broke my contract? I have been renting from rent-a-center and they broke my contract. What should I do?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
Am I responsible for my late ex-husband&#39;s medical bills? I was married in '78. We separated 2 years ago and lived apart. He was unemployed, had no insurance (health or medical), and had no will. On his death bed, he gave me his only possession, his truck. We live in Illinois. Am I responsible for his medical? He told the billing agent he didn't want me or his family to be responsible for his medical bills in front of witnesses. He had a job for 3 weeks but was fired the day before his heart attack.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
What are my financial responsibilities as the one who has been left and separated? My husband and I have been separated for 8 months. I would like to work it out but not sure he can fully commit to that (he is one who left.) My question is what are my financial responsibilities as the one who has been left? I am more financially stable and have paid a few of his bills during this time.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What can a doctor say or not say to my employer regarding my worker&#39;s comp claim? What can a doctor say or not say to my employer regarding my worker's comp claim?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my son&#39;s daughter&#39;s mother move out of state with her if he objects? Can my son's daughter's mother move out of state with her if he objects? He never filed for shared custody and I'm thinking he would not need it. He always pays his large amt of child support and follows his visitation times.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
What do I have to do to get legally authorized to sign the stock transfer form? My mother passed away 2 years ago and I recently received forms to have some shares of stock transferred to my name. I have not been legally authorized as her representative. There is a will which my mother had done in 2004 naming me as her personal representative. My siblings and I never had it legalized because there was no need to at the time of her death. What do I have to do to get legally authorized to sign the stock transfer form and what would be the cost?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
I am being harassed by a auto towing company. My car caught fire on I-5 in Calif and burnt to the frame.  The CHP had it towed too.  The auto is worth nothing but the towing company is hammering me to get money out of me for the tow and daily storage and I do not want the burnt out car. I believe the law says that they only have the right to the car. Can you help me?	Personal Injury Questions	California
How do I legally repo a truck that I own that a former employee used and never returned? How do I legally repo a truck that I own that a former employee used and never returned?	Criminal Questions	Maryland
If a land contract laws on personal agreement that have been broken by the buyer, who is responsible for paying taxes? If a land contract laws on personal agreement that have been broken by the buyer, who is responsible for paying taxes?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
If I file bankruptcy can they take my tools that I use everyday to make a living? If I file bankruptcy can they take my tools that I use everyday to make a living?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What do I do if my soon to be ex wife has taken both kids from me and now refusing to let me see them? My soon to be ex wife has taken both kids from me and now refusing to let me see them. What do I do?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Against leash law if resident says he uses an electronic leash? I understand there is a leash law in Georgia.  I have a resident at my property with a pit-bull who never puts his dog on a leash, and says that he uses an electronic leash.  Is this against the Georgia leash law?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Can I collect unemployment if I was caught stealing from my employer? Can I collect unemployment if I was caught stealing from my employer? And also can I file for bankruptcy?	Criminal Questions,Employment Questions	Texas
I ordered a EIN under the Partnership entity, then filed for a corporation in Delaware (Sept. 6, 2011). I want to go S-corp for 2012, How do I file my 2011 taxes? As a corporation 1120 or Partnership 1065? By the way, I did no business in 2011, I only set up the business, purchased equipment etc. No income was earned for the business in 2011.	Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	Michigan
What action to take when co-op invades privacy? I live in a Co-Op housing association I just moved in the beginning of this month. They have been watching my every move and accusing me of things that are not true. I feel I am being stalked and have no privacy. They know who comes in and out of my home and when. What legal standing do I have?	Business Internet Questions,Privacy Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I get my mentally ill son out of the Florida state hospital? How can I get my mentally ill son out of the Florida state hospital whom was civilly committed 22 months ago?	Family Questions	Florida
In Illinois if someone follows you on to your property to fight, can you hit them with a hammer? In Illinois if someone follows you on to your property to fight, can you hit them with a hammer?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Is there a time frame from which a company can bill you for services? is there a time frame from which a company can bill you for services?I recently received a collection letter from a movie rental business for late fees,the company  went out of business over three years ago.  Am I obligated to pay it?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Ex-husband lost job and I am receiving spousal support. I am divorced receiving spousal support for the rest of my life unless married. My ex lost his job and is paying me 1/3 of his unemployment. I will lose my house and I am on disability and can not work. Will the courts grant him to pay the full amount due. He has a 401K.Thanks, Beth	Legal Questions	Ohio
Does the DEA use harassment like in-home surveillance and wiretapping? Does the DEA use harassment like in-home surveillance and wiretapping?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Help with understanding child support? Help with understanding child support?	Family Questions	Alabama
If I would like to switch my van insurance to personal insurance, do I  have to &quot;buy&quot; it from my company? I would like to switch my Honda Odyssey van insurance to personal insurance but it is owned by my corporation in Florida.  Do I  have to "buy" it from my company?  I am only person involved in corp...pvst.And van only used for personal use...about to retire	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Ohio
What to do if I have an issue with an outsider putting a wedge between my elderly mother and me? What to do if I have an issue with an outsider putting a wedge between my elderly mother and me?	Family Questions	Florida
What should I do if I&#39;m being sued for unpaid credit card? I was served papers to appear before a WI (Winnebago County) court commissioner.  I am being sued for unpaid credit card.  what should I do?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
How do HOA members get renter evicted? What rights do members of a homeowners association in a moile home park have to get an undesirable lot renter evicted from the park because of assaults and threats to other members?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do if I&#39;m trying to convince my boyfriend to out himself on child support? I'm trying to convince my boyfriend to out himself on child support. He won't cause he got receipts that he take care of his twin daughters.	Family Questions	Alabama
How do I get statements against me according to a video &quot; reviewed &quot; by officers? How do I get statements against me according to a video " reviewed " by officers that was not produced for my council or myself thrown out to make it exclusively my statements against his ?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Can I file a motion to the lower court to modify the striking to more particularized order in part? Appeal Court Opinion Affirmed in part; temporary injunction in a Civil Case. They did strike some of the Order saying it was too Broad. Can I file a motion to the lower court to modify the striking to more particularized order in part?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What steps should we take legally if my friend and I are trying to open an online dropship site? What steps should we take legally if my friend and I are trying to open an online dropship site?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
How to obtain forms asking commercial tenant information? Looking for a Form to provide to prospective tenants so we may ask:proper name to be name as tenant, proper questions for credit checks, current landlord and how long as a tenant, etc....thank youPaul	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
What do tangible assets consist of when dissolving vending business? I need to know exactly what tangible assets consist of when dissolving a vending business.  Is it only vending machines or do the accounts acquired play into the pay out?	Banking Law Questions	Texas
What punishment can I expect if I accepted responsibility and plead guilty with stalking? I was arrested and charged with stalking in Illinois.  I have a prior theft conviction. What punishment can I expect if I accepted responsibility and plead guilty?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
When does workday start when company vehicle is kept at home? Does my day start when I get into a company owned vehicle or at my first service call? I take it home.	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Legal Questions	Washington
Is it legal to work an employee 16 hours daily, 7 days  a week? is it legal to work an employee 16 hours daily, 7 days  a week?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
How to give our son our property with lifetime rights for us to continue living here until our death? My husband and I would like to draw up some kind of document giving our son our property with lifetime rights for us to continue living here until our death.	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Who is responsible for the check &amp; the accumulated bills during that time if they say they never got it? i gave the county a check that they were supposed to send to the state for ma-epd (medical coverage). The county can not find the check and said they sent it out the same day in April. Also that they sent it out may 8 with two different answers. The state hasn't received the check yet.i I have a receipt saying the county got the check. Who is responsible for the check and all the bills that accumulated during that time?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Minnesota
Am I already emancipated and can I leave my parents house if I&#39;m 17 and have a baby? I'm 17 and have an 9 week old baby and me and my parents don't get along. Am I already emancipated and can I leave my parents house and go to my boyfriends to live?	Family Questions	Tennessee
What can I do to stay out of jail if I have a court date dealing with $3000.00 in back child support? I have a court date 8-17-12 dealing with $3000.00 in back child support which I owe.I've started a new job and have approx.$500.00 to give the court. What can I do to stay out of jail?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can a lawyer give up my custody if I have 4 kids and I don&#39;t own a house? Can a lawyer give up my custody if I have 4 kids and I don't own a house?	Family Questions	California
How do you set up a Benefit Corporation in New York? How do you set up a Benefit Corporation in New York?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
How to proceed after not being satisfied with my attorney? I fell in the entrance of a fast food ( BURGER KING ) on May 29th 2012 at 3:30pm and have the accident report. I went to a local attorney and I'm not satisfied with him. He sent me a letter stating that he wants 50% of the settlement. He only sent me two letters: 1. Requesting the film in the camera, which the claim adjuster said that the cameras are for show only ( DUMMIES ) my attorney accepted that answer, I'm not! What should I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
If our divorce is filed in county but has no resolution it was filed 2007 do i need a lawyer? If our divorce is filed in county but has no resolution it was filed 2007 do i need a lawyer?	Family Questions	California
Can I purchase a home after foreclosing? Can I purchase a home after foreclosing?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I still have to pay the bill now? After 6 years I get a bill asking to pay for chiropractic  services  due to a car accident I was refer to them thru my lawyer. Back then seems the doctor never got the payment may case settled  about 9 months after the accident on 11/2005. Do I still have to pay the bill now?	Consumer Questions	California
Do I have to comply with request from apartment property manager to refrain from doing laundry at a certain time? I own a rental unit and I happen to be a Realtor/Property Manager/Owner of my unit.  I recently received a letter from the PM stating that "residents" complained that they were doing laundry late at night or early in the morning. She asked me to tell them to refrain from doing laundry after 10:00 p.m or before 7:00 a.m. out of courtesy. There are no rules in the bylaws about this. Do I have to comply?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question about disability? I have been ill for 17 years and my husband married me 8 years ago sick. We moved to CA for 4 years where I got so sick I was unable to walk or work. He stated I should file for disability and I did. We moved back to CT and then he told me he wanted a divorce. He filed for this a few weeks ago and I am unsure what I need to do. He refuses to give me support and wants me out of the house. I have no money and no job and my disability case doesn't go to court till April 11th. I have tried to call many lawyers but no one will help me without funds. Is there anyone who will help me? I have to file the papers by March 6th and I have a hard time getting out of bed to even drive anywhere. I don't know what to do.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Connecticut
Are there laws against unauthorized substance taxes? Are there laws against unauthorized substance taxes?	Tax Questions	North Carolina
Can my employer fire me if they say that I took money when they have no proof? Can my employer fire me if they say that I took money when they have no proof?	Employment Questions	Florida
Should my daughter leave the car and payments to the grandmother when she has not paid for anything? My daughter is in North Carolina and has a vehicle she wants to drive to Colorado to relocate and go to college with.  The issue is her grandmother in NC co-signed for the vehicle with her and is telling her she cannot take the car out of state.  My daughter has made all of the car payments and all have been on time.  The grandmother has not had to pay for anything. Can she do this?  Should my daughter leave the car and payments to the grandmother?  Should she just drive the car and leave?	Family Questions	Colorado
If I work over 40 hours at work and don&#39;t get paid for the hours over 40, what can I do about it? If I work over 40 hours at work and don't get paid for the hours over 40, what can I do about it?	Employment Questions	New York
Possible if I want to move out of my parents&#39; house at fifteen? I want to move out of my parents' house at fifteen. Is this possible?	Family Questions	Florida
Can 3 adults and 6 children legally rent a 3-bedroom home? Can 3 adults and 6 children legally rent a 3-bedroom home in Sebring, Fl?	Family Questions	Florida
What are the PA labor laws for getting breaks when working an hr shift or more? what are the PA labor laws for getting breaks when working an hr shift or more?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How to register an Ltd in Alabama? How to register an Ltd in AL?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	13
Can I take legal action against my daughter&#39;s school principal for losing his temper and yelling at us? My daughter and I were meeting with her school principal and staff. During the meeting there was a difference in opinions then the principal lost his temper raised his voice got out his seat yelling and pointing his finger at me which then I was terrified, intimidated, frightened and scared. He's a Big Big man I'm still shaken up about it and fear for my daughters safety at that school. Can I take legal action?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
I just found out with my business that the corporation I sub-contracted with is throwing away valid paperwork and taking away money I earned. Do I have a case to sue for my money they wrongly stole away from me with the work already completed?	Contract Questions,Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Is the past renter responsible for the total cost of the replacement? A past renter broke the front panel of the dishwasher.  The dishwasher could not be fixed and had to be replaced.  Are they responsible for the total cost of the replacement?  Dishwasher is over 10 years old and have been deprecating over time via taxes	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Do I need to disclose the information to the potential buyer? I am going to sell my house in Colorado.  Recently, the water service for the town I live in has gone into a receivership.  Do I need to disclose this information to the potential buyer?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
How I&#39;d go about either finding out if I&#39;m divorced from my estranged spouse of 8 years? I have not seen my spouse since 2004 and would like to know how I'd go about either finding out if im divorced from him or how to get a divorce from him	Family Questions	Illinois
Is it against the law to hold someone&#39;s wages even after the day they are suppose to be paid? Is it against the law to hold someone's wages even after the day they are suppose to be paid?	Employment Questions	Mississippi
As the Executor of an estate how much is a person compensated? As the Executor of an estate how much is a person compensated?  NJ	Wills and Trusts Questions	Montana
How soon must the proceeds from the sale of house be distributed to the heirs? How soon must the proceeds from the sale of house be distributed to the heirs?	Wills and Trusts Questions	West Virginia
Can farmers use wage degrees as a punishment for not doing something right? Can farmers use wage degrees as a punishment for not doing something right?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
How much alimony should I pay and for how long? How much alimony should I pay and for how long?	Family Questions	California
Is mold enough of a reason to break a lease? Is mold enough of a reason to break a lease?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do if my hours have been reduced and won&#39;t give me holiday pay this year? I have been an employee for 10 years at the same company. I have been given holiday pay for every year but this one. I work 20 plus hours a week but last year my hours only averaged 17 hours. They gave me the holidays last year, but won't do it this year.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can a person be evicted if the landlord refuses to accept the rent? Can a person be evicted if the landlord refuses to accept the rent? she is looking for a reason to evict although I informed her that I have the rent money.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Question about collecting child support? I live in CA. I have a child support order filed in UT. The base amount was $403 filed 5 yrs ago. I just filed to have the case re-evaluated. However, Office of Recovery services in Utah stated they can not garnish wages for child care and medical expenses (part of order) unless there is a judgement. I have gone through Utah courts to find out how to file a judgement, but at am a loss, especially because I am out of state. Is there anything I can do from where I am? Main thing, his wages need to be garnished, because he chooses to not be involved, or fulfill his obligation. Also, can I collect on the last 5 years, or will it be from current forward? Thank you in advance!	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What turns a felon with a firearm into a federal charge? What turns a felon with a firearm into a federal charge?	Family Questions	Arkansas
If I quit am I entitled to unemployment compensation? I work for a vending company ( 17yrs. ) in Pa. I service 90% of the machines at a state university the other 10% is serviced from another route driver.  I work anywhere from 40 to 45 hrs. a wk. on commission when students are in session, and when they are not I receive my base salary. The company now is trying to make me take on the whole university,( which is 28 new machines )which will take me about 15 more hrs. a wk. which only amounts to about $35.00 extra on my pay check. Can they do this to me legally. And if I quit am I entitled to unemployment compensation?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if my ex filed for divorce and I will sign the paper but she doesn&#39;t want to give me back my stuff? My wife filed for divorce and I will sign the paper but she doesn't want to give me back my stuff?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can I claim my monthly payments on my income tax? Can claim my monthly payments on my income tax. My payments are 770.00/mo. and I have a Contract for Deed.	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
What are my options when buying a used car that has issues? I was buying a car from someone who was buying it from a dealer. I missed a payment  because I was working on getting the car fixed because it no longer ran. The car was towed with all of my important papers and belongings due to me leaving my ex and they refuse to give me my recipts or the name of the dealer or any information so that I can retrieve my things. What are my options? What should I do?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
If I have been to court and paid restitution for shoplifting am I responsible to also pay a civil restitution? None	Criminal Questions	Delaware
If I had a fall in a dentist office, I just want to know what I should do? If I had a fall in a dentist office, I just want to know what I should do? Pain in left leg and lower back but happen 3 months ago.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Does a statement allow a landlord to place an additional tenant to gain additional rental money? If in the occupancy section of my lease" it states "only those persons who's name appear on the lease may occupy townhouse without our written consent"Does that statement allow a landlord to place an additional tenant in my townhouse to gain additional rental money?If the HOA, has rules against subleasing can i fill out a legal document to withhold rent under fl chapter 83.51 or material provisions in lease agreement?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If you POA, can the children go ahead and handle all of the issues and the other does not need to know? If you have a power of attorney from someone but it says two children acting jointly or alone does this mean that one of the children can go ahead and be handling all of the issues and the other does not need to know?  The person is not deceased yet. One is handling personal, real estate, banking, stocks, bonds (everything) alone with no help from the other or even advising the other that it is being done.	Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
What form do I file to stop sheriffs from evicting us? What form do I file  to stop sheriffs from evicting us?	Real Estate Questions	California
Best way to start if I want to change my name and I live in the state of AL? I want to change my name and I live in the state of Alabama. What is the best way to start?	Family Questions	California
How do I go about getting my rights back for my kids? How do I go about getting my rights back for my kids?	Family Questions	Alabama
Child&#39;s mother unable to provide everything when given split custody. Judge gave us split custody with the father having primary custody, the father has never took his days and no child support was granted. I am the child's mother and I can't provide everything. How can I get emergency help. What papers do I fill out?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can my SR Assistant manager violate my privacy by going through my cell phone without permission? I am Assistant manager and one of our employees was going through a situation with other employees and with senior Assistant manager. She ask me for advice and I advised to talk to general manager and if things didn't get better to go above to call HR. She did and she would send me messages on my phone and I realize my SR Assistant manager went through my phone without my permission and use as a proof to HR representative. This employee that had issues with her end up asking for her transfer due to the situation she had with SR Assistant manager and now she commutes and the drive for her is about 2hrs. My question is can my SR Assistant manager do that? I feel she violated my privacy? I don't think she had the right to go trouh my phone.	Employment Questions	California
Can my boss fire me when I was emotional talking to her about my brother&#39;s death? I was on a break and boss came talk to me and we started talking about my late brother. Her and another person started saying things about the person who was responsible for his death and how they didn't think it was her fault, I disagree and after a little while of talking about it I walked away. I was very upset and went to calm down and I couldn't so I went and said I needed to go home that I couldn't stay and work with kids (I work at a daycare). Well my boss said if you leave I will take it as you quit. I told her that I'm not quitting I just needed to go home. Can my boss really fire me for that?	Employment Questions	Alabama
If a company files bankruptcy, how many days does the company has to notified its employees? In Florida, if a company of at least 30 employees files bankruptcy , what is the amount if days that the company has to notified its employees? Also what happens to the PTO that has been accrued? Thanks.	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is it legal to not receive pay stubs unless requested? I have been working at my current job for almost a year and have YET to receive a pay stub. My boss insists that if we want our pay stubs we "request" them, and then it takes about 3 weeks for them to show up. This is illegal, right?	Employment Questions	South Carolina
Do I have to pay support to my 20-year-old child who no longer lives at home? Do I have to pay support to my 20-year-old child who no longer lives at home? I live in New York state.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can I file for no contact order? Can I file for a no contact order for family falsifying abuse charges against me?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Can you be jailed or taken to prison for not paying bills after your husband has left you? In the state of North Dakota can you be jailed or taken to prison for not paying bills after your husband has left you?	Real Estate Questions	North Dakota
Am I entitled to any money back from the mortgage company? I bought a condo unit in Washington DC. The builder did not replace the roof as stated when I had  bought. The roof now leaks, the windows leak, the bottom floors of the building are plagued by sewage backups. I fear the health department may come in and deem the building uninhabitable. Am I entitled to any money back from the mortgage company? HELP!!	Real Estate Questions	District of Columbia
Are there differences in divorce 2nd time around? Are there differences in divorce 2nd time around?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Question about paying for the holiday but not doing overtime? I worked my full 40 hour week and they asked if we can come in on Saturday for overtime. I told them I was going away and I don't go in. Can they not pay me for the holiday for not doing overtime?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding what&#39;s appropriate in a will? I am about to be married for 2nd time as well as my soon to be spouse. He has 2 grown children and so do I. Thinking about a will, could you please tell me what would be the fair way if he or I should die, would I or his children  get all of the life insurance or normally how does that work? Or if the situation was reversed, and I should die?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
How many hours of work is required to be entitled to a break? I work for a company in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. My employer has put out a memo stating that if you work 6 hours or less, you are not entitled to a break. Is that legal? How many hours of work is required to be entitled to a break?	Employment Questions	Florida
As a National Guard Service member am I entitled to 8 hours before and 8 Hours after drill off? As a National Guard Service member am I entitled to 8 hours before and 8 Hours after drill off (I am an Over The Road Truck Driver on civilian side)? If so were can I find it in writing?	Employment Questions	Tennessee
Can my husband and I decide how much money he can give me monthly and agree on that or the judge will make the decision? I am filing for divorce and I am the mother and we like to do share custody but kids will stay with me.  My question is can my husband and I decide how much money he can give me monthly and agree on that or the judge will make the decision? He likes to give me $500 per month and I am fine with that? Do you thing the judge will accept that? Other thing he only gets unemployment now and me only SSI for my child. Please advice!	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Is the property mine or does my sister have a right to it also? I bought land from my mother on a land contract. I paid her in full and before we were able to sign papers transferring the property in my name my mother passed away. Her will had not been updated so the land was not left to solely me. Is it mine or does my sister have a right to it??	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
Is it necessary to provide the volunteers with a 1099 or a W-2 form at the end of the year detailing the amount of half-price goods they received? I volunteer at a non-profit thrift store and in return for volunteering at our store the volunteers are allowed to purchase goods at half price. Is it necessary to provide the volunteers with a 1099 or a W-2 form at the end of the year detailing the amount of half-price goods they received? Is this considered payment for the work we do? Please note these are sales not extended to our customers. Thank you for your prompt response.	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	North Dakota
What recourse do I have against an employer that has transferred me due to retaliation? What recourse do I have against an employer that has transferred me due to retaliation?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Will my child still be receiving support if they are 21 and in college? Hi I'm inquiring information regarding child support after 21 and still in college. Will my child still be receiving support.	Family Questions	New York
What can I do when the house I just bought does not have working air conditioning and it was a feature when I bought it? I just bought a house 2 months ago in the house that features central air conditioning. When I moved in, the central air conditioning did not work.  What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How long does it take for my wife to become a resident when she a multi-visa? I am a U.S. citizen. My wife has a multi-visa would like to become a resident. How long does it take?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Do you have to be financially stable even if you&#39;re not living on your own to be emancipated? Do you have to be financially stable even if you're not living on your own to be emancipated?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can a landlord file a writ of possession if I filed bankruptcy? Can a landlord file a writ of possession if I filed bankruptcy?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can you please tell me where or how do i retrieve an application for the class action wireless settlement? Can you please tell me where or how do i retrieve a application for the class action  Verizon wireless settlement?	Consumer Questions	California
Is there such a thing as a closed will? Is there such a thing as a closed will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
Can a non-custodial parent terminate their parental rights? Can a non-custodial parent terminate their parental rights in the state of Florida?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Against the law not to get a raise if you&#39;ve been with same company 3 years? Is it against the law not to get a raise if you been with same company 3 years?	Employment Questions	Georgia
how do i start the process of getting joint custody of my children? how do i start the process of getting joint custody of my children?	Family Questions	South Dakota
Can I file for divorce in the US if I got married in Colombia? Can I file for divorce in the US if I got married in Colombia?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Washington
Can my child&#39;s father be granted sole custody of our son due to me living with a family member while receiving public assistance? Can my child's father be granted sole custody of our son due to me living with a family member while receiving public assistance?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
What are my rights if my friend is refusing to pay me the rest of the money for the car that&#39;s still in my name? I let a friend purchase my 2001 Dodge Caravan for $1800. They have had it for almost 3 months but still owe $700. I had it inspected 2 months before selling it and there was nothing wrong with it. When they got it they had it inspected and there was nothing wrong with it. But since it is in their possession the main heating system has been broken and it now leaks antifreeze. They are still driving it in this condition and making it worse. They do not have the title and the plates and insurance are still in my name. They are refusing to pay me the rest of the money. I just want the rest of the money for the vehicle. What are my rights and what can I do?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
I want to file for divorce. We have not been seperated a year. My wife has bi-polar disorder and I feel she will flip out any given time and may bring harm to me or my children. We do not have kids together. My question is how can I get a divorce for my safety and my children without waiting?	Family Questions	South Carolina
In a breach of contract case, can you sue for the amount of cash actually invested plus the profit that was agreed upon? In a breach of contract case, can you sue for the amount of cash actually invested plus the profit that was agreed upon?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Will I lose visitation of my children for living with a married woman? Me and my girlfriend were never married. We have 2 children which I have visitation when she says it is ok. I pay child support but I live with a woman who is still legally married but wonderful to my children. Can she take my visitation away for me living with a married woman whom she has sent the children to stay with numerous times?	Family Questions	Tennessee
Which form do I need to file for child support? I have had a child support case open for over 15 years now and the father owes over $77,000.  He has never made payments but a few small intercepts have occurred.  He is finally employed, but the courts are only taking $100 per month from him.  Since my children are over 18, the child support court will not do anything to modify the garnishment.  They are saying I have to file a motion.  It is in Ventura county.  Which form is it I need to file?  Does this also require going to court again?  This has been a real nightmare.  Please give me a form number or any applicable advice.  The courts have been so unfair to my children and I.  Please help.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What should my daughter do if she is being tried for filling prescriptions illegally? My 23 year old daughter has 5 counts of filling prescriptions of sub oxen.  She went to court and it was continued. She was picked up by the police and it was a $540 bail. She otherwise has a clean record beside this.  What should my daughter do?	Family Questions	New Hampshire
What is the MA law regarding pay when I leave my job if I worked 7 months of the year? I Worked 7 months Of the year. What is the MA law regarding pay when I leave my job?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What attorney would I need to represent my child at school? What attorney would I need to represent my child at school?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
I got hurt when I was a kid and my aunt took responsibilty of guardianship. Almost 9 years later, they start collecting money from her. I talked to the billing company they said she was responsible because she signed that she would take care of the bill. Can she sue me?	Family Questions	Illinois
If I&#39;m injured as a volunteer firefighter can I file a lawsuit against the fireman&#39;s association? If I'm injured in the line of duty as a volunteer firefighter in NY can I file a personal injury law suit against the fireman's association that owned and maintained this equipment?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Can a spouse who has been granted &quot;life estate&quot; on possession of home rent that home to anyone else? Can a spouse who has been granted "life estate" on possession of home rent that home to anyone else?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What will it cost me to get an annulment and how long does the process take? What will it cost me to get an annulment and how long does the process take?	Family Questions	Florida
Is the addendum reasonable? I will soon purchase a house where my boyfriend and I will live.  I have the down payment for the new house; he will contribute nothing, but we will split the monthly mortgage payments.  He'd like an addendum to the title stating that when I die, he can continue living there until his death.  At that time the property will go to my sons.  We are now 55 & 58 years old; my sons are now 27 & 30.  Do you think this title addendum is reasonable?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
What is the requirements when it comes to lunch breaks when an employee works 6 or more hours? What is the requirements when it comes to lunch breaks when an employee works 6 or more hours in North Dakota?	Employment Questions	North Dakota
how do I find out my legal name? how do I find out my legal name?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Am I entitled to the weeks vacation I had earned after I was fired? After working a year I was fired.  Am I entitled to the weeks vacation I had earned?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can landlord lock tenants out of office space for weekends and holidays? Can the landlord in an annually renewable commercial Texas lease of office space lock out tenants on holidays, Sundays and Saturdays?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
What legal action can I take if my ex wife let my 15 year old daughter get her belly button pierced after I forbid it? She has custody.	Family Questions	Ohio
Is my marriage to my second husband legal if my divorce from my first husband was not legal? I have been seperated from my husband for 7 years. The 2nd year we have been a part, I filed for divorce myself. I went through the same courts and re married. Into my third month of marriage, I found out that I was not legally divorced from my first husband. Being already married and finished filing for my divorce from my first marriage, would i still be legally married to my second husband?	Family Questions	Indiana
Is it a new york state law that you must have a break every two hours? is it a new york state law that you must have a break every two hours?	Employment Questions	New York
What is the tax rate in the U.S. for work income? What is the tax rate in the U.S. for work income?	Employment Questions	12
What to do when housing management was giving a check signed and the check comes up missing? What to do when your housing management office was giving a check signed by them and the check comes up missing?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Can my wife stipulate how, when, and where I can see my child at or for how long if we separated? If I just separated from my wife 2 days ago and my baby is 3 months old, can my wife stipulate how, when, and where I can see my child at or for how long?	Family Questions	Utah
In Colorado can a landlord charge a nonrefundable pet deposit each year you renew your lease? In Colorado can a landlord charge a nonrefundable pet deposit each year you renew your lease?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Is the employer who is doing the training required to pay for on the job training? Is the employer who is doing the training required to pay for on the job training?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What state laws apply when the accident settlement is worked out? I was in an accident that was the other drivers fault in Georgia. the other drivers insurance is based in Tennessee. What state laws apply when the settlement is worked out?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
If i am getting sued by association by not paying 1 assessment, what should i do? If i am getting sued by association by not paying 1 assessment, what should i do?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
if I buy gold with my retirement account as a fund, would it be protected from bankruptcy? Hello, I live in Florida and have a question about buying gold. My question is, if I buy gold with my retirement account, and put it as a retirement fund, would it be protected from my chapter 13 bankruptcy? Thank you.	Consumer Questions	Florida
Something I can do or request through application for my mother&#39;s short visit? My mom has a Green Card but is unable to stay more than 6 weeks in the US due to her teaching job in India. She will retire in march 2013 and can stay longer from next year onwards. Her Green Card was issued almost three years ago. She did not have any trouble visiting US the first year with Green Card but last year the immigration officer wrote in her passport"advised green card regulations". I am afraid about her visit to the US this year in May, if she will have trouble passing the immigration officer? will they allow her to enter the country? Is there something I can do or request through application (Re-entry Permit Visa)for her short visit to the US this year?Thanks	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I get a home loan after filing for bankruptcy? Can I get a home loan after filing for bankruptcy?	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I have to go through probate to transfer the title into my name? I am the executor of my Mothers will. She passed away leaving a car titled in Kentucky. I live in Florida. Do I have to go through probate to transfer the title into my name?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can a campground owner charge a seasonal rate to two different tenants? can a campground owner charge a seasonal rate to both an outgoing tenant and an incoming tenant for the same campground site? Would that not be double dipping?	Real Estate Questions	Maryland
What can I do about if I am being threatened with a summons for a charge of a worthless check? I am being threatened with a summons for a charge of a worthless check in north Carolina in the amount of $350.00. The check was written December 28,2010. What can I do about this?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
How do you collect from a lawsuit? How do you collect from a lawsuit?	Family Questions	California
Question about claiming money? I used to work for a company in NJ years ago for a short period of time.  I never recieved a paycheck because I never showed copy of social security card.  How long do I have to claim this money?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I sue Chase for not helping me while in bankruptcy? Chase Bank took over my loans in 2008. My original lender was WAMU. I just declared Ch. 11 bankruptcy. Chase will not help me ( give me new loans)with my 6 loans which are negative amortization loans. Can I sue Chase while in bankruptcy?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can the condo be taken by bill collectors? We are trying to lease a condo in my adult child's name. My husband may have cancer and may not be able to pay hospital bills. in that event will my child be responsible for paying her fathers bills. Can the condo be taken by bill collectors?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
When hired for part-time, what is the min hours per day allowed to accumulate? when hired for part-time (min 20 hrs per wk), what is the min hours PER DAY allowed to accumulate the 20 hrs per week?	Employment Questions	Washington
Repercussions for parent that doesn&#39;t pay their portion of child care but fully pays actual support order? What are the possible repercussions for a parent that does not pay their portion of child care in a support order but maintains full payment of actual support order?	Family Questions	New York
Is there anything can be done if not mentioned in father&#39;s obituary? Is there anything can be done if not mentioned in father's obituary?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Can I get full custody of my son if the father is in jail? Can I get full custody of my son if the father is in jail ?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I write my answer if the debt collector did not list their credit card number? I have been served a summons from a debt collector. I want to answer it. However, nowhere have they listed a credit card number. Can this be my defense? And if so, how do I write my answer?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Possible for ex to collect child support and claim my daughter when she lives with me? My ex husband is planning on collecting on child support and also claiming my daughter who lives with me. Can this be possible?	Family Questions	New York
Do I have the right to take custody without the court if ex leaves them with her parents? If my ex leaves my kids with her parents to take care of my kids permanently do I have the right to take custody without the court?	Family Questions	Illinois
if the non-custodial parent remarries will the new spouse be liable for the child support as well? if the non-custodial parent remarries will the new spouse be liable for the child support as well?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can my child&#39;s father make me change the child&#39;s last name if I put him on child support? In the state of Florida can my child's father make me change the child's last name from my last name to his last name if I put him on child support	Family Questions	Florida
Can a parking lot company raise its monthly payment 20% with only a 24 day notice? Can a parking lot company raise its monthly payment 20% with only a 24 day notice?	Consumer Questions	New York
Can they cut your hours if you call in sick being on salary? Can they cut your hours if you call in sick being on salary?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Is it legal to remove a privately owned utility pole on joint property? I am a joint property owner. A utility pole which is privately owned on this property has been deemed a  liability by utility company. Do we have a right to inform the other owner and have the pole removed to avoid liability? There is one home connected to the pole which belongs to the other owner.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Illegal if you are working by yourself at a store? Is it a law that if you are working by yourself at a store it is illegal?	Employment Questions	Texas
Permitted to cross the solid double yellow line if it&#39;s a bi-directional road? If you are driving on a two lane bi-directional road that has a double yellow line, are you permitted to cross the solid double yellow line to turn into a parking lot or a drive way?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Legal for a landlord to own a property management co. and not own the property that I&#39;m renting? My landlord does not own the property that I am currently renting because he owns a property management company.  Is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can an employer disallow car pools cause they give a car allowance to go visit customers? can an employer tell you that you can't car pool because they give you a car allowance to go visit customers?	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal for an employer to be late with their payroll and state they have a five-day grace period? Is it legal for an employer to be late with their payroll and state they have a five-day grace period?	Employment Questions	California
Is it illegal to voice record someone in a meeting? My house caught on fire on Friday night. I went to my agent and recorded the conversation on my phone because I wanted to know everything that was happening. My agent started cursing at me for no reason and told Me to fuck off and go to hell. Is it illegal to voice record someone in a meeting??	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can you be arrested in GA for adultery? Can you be arrested in GA for adultery?	Family Questions	Georgia
If the client on each project filed suit, on which ones would I personally be protected? I am sole owner of an existing California LLC with name "Alpha LLC" and want to use it to protect my consulting company. (1) Can I file a DBA with name that includes LLC but also a different name - eg, "Beta LLC" ? (2) Besides filing the DBA, is there anything else I need to do to ensure my consulting company is covered under the umbrella of my LLC? (3) When does the protection of the LLC kick in? That is, say  I did project A before the DBA, project B during the DBA, and project C after the DBA. If the client on each project filed suit, on which ones would I personally be protected?	Real Estate Questions	California
Should my son&#39;s ex have to bring the baby to him since they live far apart? My son and his girlfriend had a baby one month ago.  Now she wants to end the relationship. Should she have to bring the baby to my son to see since she lives in Muncie, IN and we live in Greenfield, IN or at least meet him half way so he can have visitation?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Can I foreclose on the co-buyer&#39;s half of the property if he stopped paying 3 months ago and moved out 1 month ago? I and co-buyer bought a house 3 years ago. He has stopped paying his share (3 months ago) and moved out 1 month ago. Can I foreclose on his half of the property?	Consumer Questions	California
What do I need to do next if my late sister named me as sole guardian of her two minor children in her will? My sister named me as sole guardian of her two minor children in her will. She passed away. What do i need to do next?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
What to do about recent let-go with unfair management? For the last 11 years I have worked for Florida's oldest and largest liquor retail companies. Recently, after 3 general manager changes, I was told today at a store meeting that now we are not selling enough of there exclusive products to increase the amount of money they get to keep. I could be let go if this does not change. We made over 3 million dollars at my location last year. I'm salary and work hundred of hours of over time that I don't get paid for also no lunch breaks. We eat between ringing up customers and we have been short handed. I have been doing regular employee jobs when I am the manager. Until the recent employee shortage we were the top store in our regional managers area. I feel helpless and don't know what to do.	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do if my legal person does not return my calls if I&#39;ve been with them since 2008? I have been with Legal Helpers since 2008. Now in 2012, my legal person does not return my calls.	Consumer Questions	Georgia
What rights do I have if my renter doesn&#39;t pay his rent on my house? What rights do I have if my renter doesn't pay his rent on my house? Payments when paid are generally late. We do not have any written agreements just verbal. The renter is my son and his family.	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Do you have to go to your attorney&#39;s office for a deposition when you live out of state? Do you have to go to your attorney's office for a deposition when you live out of state?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Do I have to  file a Notice of Right to have Exemptions if I&#39;m served a Writ of Execution? Do I have to  file a Notice of Right to have Exemptions if I'm served a Writ of Execution, to protect my homestead and my main car?	Consumer Questions	Texas
Can my landlord turn the apartment into a non-smoking zone after 16 years? Can my landlord turn the apartment into a non-smoking zone after 16 years?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
Does an employer have to pay overtime if you work over 40 hours a week and if so what is the time frame they have to pay you? Does an employer have to pay overtime if you work over 40 hours a week and if so what is the time frame they have to pay you?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What is the law for meal and rest breaks for 8 hours, 10 hours and 12 hours work days? What is the law for meal and rest breaks for 8 hours, 10 hours and 12 hours work days?	Employment Questions	California
Question regarding my dad&#39;s will as I am the executor? I am the executor of my dad's will. Everything is supposed to be 50/50 with my stepbrother. I sold the car to him and he took the car. We were told that we would have to wait to get our half until the estate settles. Why is he allowed to use the car before settlement?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Delaware
With a 2 week notice, is my boss allowed to tell me to leave that day instead? If you give my 2 week notice to my boss is he allowed to tell me to leave that day instead?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Who will pay pain and suffering: the other driver&#39;s insurance or our insurance? My husband was involved in a car accident 10-05/11. A man on a cell phone pulled out in front of my husband while going through a green light. The other driver ran a red light and caused my husband/s truck to be totaled and my husband was taken to the hospital by ambulance. My husband has several pre-existing medical problems but he has suffered a torn rotator cuff and bulging neck discs. He will need surgery on both. The other driver only has 25,000 in insurance. The surgeries will likely use most of the coverage. How do we handle an under insured driver? Our insurance has 100,000/300,00 uninsured coverage. How do we proceed? Who will pay pain and suffering? The other driver's insurance or our insurance?	Personal Injury Questions	Colorado
Will I be eligible for unemployment and will my 401 be safe? I have just been terminated from my position as a pharmacy tech at Walmart after 13 plus years for a HIPA violation that happened Feb 27 of this year. I mistakenly placed another customers prescription in the bag of a customer I was helping at the time. I realized the mistake shortly after the customer left and tried to contact them. I  left a phone message asking the customer to please return the package unopened as soon as possible. The customer returned it unopened the following day and the pharmacy manager corrected the mistake. I was terminated for that mistake today March 12. Will I be eligible for unemployment and will my 401 be safe? I will be 62 yrs old at the end of the month and I fear I will not be able to find another job.	Employment Questions	Michigan
Does the  father have any rights to the child if he&#39;s not on the child&#39;s birth certificate? Does the  father have any rights to the child if he's not on the child's birth certificate?	Family Questions	Alabama
Legal for my landlord to send me a lease renewal with over a 25% increase? My landlord sent me a lease renewal with over a 25% increase.  Is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I am getting called into an administration office  for what another coworker accused me of, can I bring someone in to represent me? If I am getting called into an administration office  for what another coworker accused me of, can I bring someone in to represent me? So I'm am not alone against three other people.	Employment Questions	West Virginia
Is there anything I can do to stop an eviction on past due assessment fees for a condo I own &amp; live in? Is there anything I can do to stop an eviction on past due assessment fees for a condo I own & live in? I have already asked for a continuance & it's up on April 4th. I am not able to come with all the money since they have now added court/lawyer fees.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If a company delivers food to hotels and 10 yrs ago you bought out a competitor but cont&#39;d to deliver to a hotel but never billed them. The hotel knew they weren&#39;t getting billed but accepted delivery of food. After 10 yrs you realized this. Can you go back and collect from them and how far?	Contract Questions	Florida
Can one parent take a child out of state denying the other parent to see the child? Can one parent take a child out of state denying the other parent to see the child?Parents are UNMARRIED.	Family Questions	Kansas
in AL at what age does child support stop? in AL at what age does child support stop?	Family Questions	Alabama
In the state of Florida what is the punishment for grand theft? In the state of Florida what is the punishment for grand theft?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can I get visitation with my children while I am appealing a termination of my parental rights? Can I get visitation with my children while I am appealing a termination of my parental rights? My children have already told me that they want to visit with me, but the foster parents are not allowing it.	Family Questions	New York
How can I go about dealing with the finance company if my daughter is mentally ill? My daughter is mentally ill and can no longer maintain a household per Doctors. She is buying a trailer house and I do not know how to return it without giving up the property. That is the only material possession to be left for her children including a 14 year old. I am willing to purchase the land if allowed to do so or purchase all at a discounted price. How can I go about dealing with the finance company?	Family Questions	Texas
If a housing court judge made a mistake on the amount to pay the landlord, can you still be evicted? If a housing court judge made a mistake on the amount to pay the landlord on the stipulation, can you still be evicted?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Does the security deposit given to a landlord by the tenant need to be placed into an interest bearing account? In PA, does the security deposit given to a landlord by the tenant need to be placed into an interest bearing account?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If a home is gifted to a separated couple are both entitled to it? My mother wants to gift a home to my brother who lives in Florida. He has not lived with his wife for a month and they haven't done anything legal, so would his wife be entitled to the house?	Family Questions	New York
Do we have any options if our boss tells us that he wants us to pay half his deductible? While changing out an air handler in a closet there is a sprinkler head in there also. While brazing the copper, about 20" away the heat caused it to blow. We did not no how to cover it . But we did 6 other systems in the same building with no problem.  Now our boss tells us that he wants us to pay half his deductible. Is that legal? Me and my partner in the 2.5 years there never cost the co money. We always pass inspection and homeowners love our work. The owner will talk to us tomorrow. Now do we have any options?	Employment Questions	Florida
What do I do to fight against the corruption the doctor that sold me out for his own gain? On March 28, 2009, I was kicked in the the back by a 1400 hundred pound horse breaking 2 bones and displacing 2 discs. I have only seen doctors that worked for the insurance company  that released me to full duty work. I have pain shooting down both my my legs and I can only sleep for a couple hours a night until the pain wakes me. I have lost 2/3 my income. What do I do to fight against the corruption the doctor that sold me out for his own personal financial gain? In the meantime, not caring about my family whether we live or die.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Is there not a law that the school district is responsible to provide a safe and healthy work environment? I work for a school district and they have a law that no door leading outside should be closed at all time. That I understand. But in the kitchen there is no over head vent that works and my kitchen gets up to 105 degreese. I have two ladies that work for me that are over 60 and I was just diagnosed with MS this summer the kitchen will be an oven. Is there not a law that they are responsible to provide a safe and healthy work environment?	Employment Questions	New York
Can I collect partial unemployment for the Sundays I don&#39;t work? I work two jobs to make ends meat.  One is full time and the other is part time.  My full time job was Monday thru Friday and my part time job was to work every Sunday.  My part time employer just put me from an every Sunday schedule to on-call as needed.  Can I collect partial unemployment for the Sundays I don't work?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a town lay off civil service workers and rehire an outside company for less? Can a town lay off civil service workers (Custodians/janitors) and rehire an outside company for less? Even if they (the town) are not bankrupt?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can I get arrested if I bought an iPhone off of eBay and it was considered stolen? I am considering buying an iphone off of eBay. If I take it to the Apple store to activate it and find out it was stolen, can I get arrested? What risks am I taking in the regard?	Consumer Questions	Maryland
Can a non-certified person substitute teach long term - half year to full year, in a kindergarten classroom? Can a non-certified person substitute teach long term - half year to full year, in a kindergarten classroom in the State of Minnesota?  This person has a Bachelors Degree and a short term substitute teaching license through the state of Minnesota.	Employment Questions	Minnesota
If a child that is 16 years old and has a child that is 2 years old do i still have to pay child support? If a child that is 16 years old and has a child that is 2 years old do i still have to pay child support?	Family Questions	California
Can a public monthly distributed news brochure discriminate as to who can advertise in their publication even tho there are a lot of other advertisers? Can a public monthly distributed news brochure discriminate as to who can advertise in their publication even tho there are a lot of other advertisers?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What is the infraction of the law called when you do a job and are improperly trained to do the job? What is the infraction of the law called when you do a job and are improperly trained to do the job?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Am I entitled to increase or cost of living increase? I am receiving 400 monthly child support for 11 years. I was making 80 grand at time now 40 grand. Am I entitled to increase or cost of living increase?	Family Questions	New Jersey
What to do if I showed all my receipts &amp; the judge wants me to still pay and my landlord wants me out? My landlord sued me in court on July 3, 2012 for being late on  June's rent 2012. I showed all my rent  receipts and the judge said I owe him $1,200 and I can stay in the apt. My landlord said he wanted his money and wants me out now. What can I do? I am disabled.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What are my options if my ex has had the property for the last 5 years but is ruining my credit with late payments? I signed a quick deed form thinking it would release me from the mortgage when we divorced (found out much later that it did not). My ex has had the property for the last 5 years and ruining my credit with late payments. What options are there?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Lawyer to create two contracts for internet companies? I run a few different small internet companies and am often in need of legal work. Right now, I need a lawyer to create two contracts for me:1) A revenue sharing contract between my LLC and a tech shop. This contract should also include a provision that notes that future introductions by said tech shop that turn into revenue generation will result in sharing of that revenue as well.2) A revenue sharing contract between me and a small company in which they get cash upfront and a share of revenue from the app we are building.I am fairly price sensitive but am also looking for a longterm lawyer to work with. Please email me at&#100;&#x67;&#111;&#108;&#100;&#101;&#x6e;&#98;&#101;&#x72;&#x67;&#x40;&#103;&#109;&#x61;&#x69;&#108;&#46;&#x63;&#x6f;&#109;.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What are our rights if I live in my mom&#39;s house and served us with a notice to quit? I live in my mother's house in Ct with my girlfriend and our son. When our stay extended longer than we hoped it was agreed we would pay for oil and electric which we found out she was not paying. After an argument and she now has served us with anotice to quit. We buy our own food the only things we use is electric, oil and she keeps upping the amount for us to pay. Oh and my brother also lives here to for free. We even have to bring our own toilet paper to the bathroom. Please tell me my rights?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
What can I do if the store I had an accident in refuses to give a report? I slipped and fell in the store yesterday and they refuse to give an accident report. What can I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
If the house I&#39;m renting is in foreclosure do I still continue to pay rent? If the house I'm renting is in foreclosure do I still continue to pay rent? I was told once by a manager to stop paying, now he is gone and a different manager is telling me to pay all past debts and sign a new lease!	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is client entitled to a full refund? I had a guy sign up for basketball under our club. He filled out a registration form, signed it and paid his money. I use the money to buy uniforms, shoes, gym rental, tournament fees and pay for his daughter's membership fees. The night before our first tournament he quits and asks for a full refund because I don't have a refund policy stated. His argument is that since I didn't state on the registration form he signed that there is no refund, he feels as though he is entitled to a full refund.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Can you move out at the age of 16? Can you move out at the age of 16?	Family Questions	Michigan
What to do if I must pay rent in 3 days or I will be evicted but already sent my monthly payment? Today on the 27th of June, I must pay rent in 3 days or I will be evicted. I sent my June payment.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Does child support stop automatically if my daughter turned 18? My daughter turned 18 in April of this year. Does child support stop automatically?	Family Questions	Georgia
If you are fifteen and living in Utah, can you decide which of your parents you want to live with if they are divorced? If you are fifteen and living in Utah, can you decide which of your parents you want to live with if they are divorced?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Utah
If I am in a human resources meeting, is it permissible to record the meeting myself? If I am in a human resources meeting in Indiana, is it permissible to record the meeting myself?	Employment Questions	Illinois
If a ruby ring was given as a gift 3 days prior to Valentines Day, is it legal for the receiver to keep it? If a ruby ring was given as a gift 3 days prior to Valentines Day, is it legal for the receiver to keep it?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Can I get my name on the tittle without having to go through another purchase? A few years ago I was foreclosed on. I needed to move so I purchased a house in my aunt's name. Her name is the only one on the mortgage. Can I get my name on the tittle without having to go through another purchase?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Dose my 15-year-old niece have any rights to make a choice of moving out of state all on her own? My niece is 15 and lives in New Mexico but wants to move in with me in another state. Dose she have any rights to make that choice all on her own?	Family Questions	New Mexico
How would we split the equity if initially the investor funds the business and I do the work and provide the intellectual property? I'm developing a website and have an investor who is interested in funding the start-up.How would we split the equity if initially he funds the business and I do the work and provide the intellectual property?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
In my mother&#39;s will, am I beneficiary of the house if it hasn&#39;t been changed in 15 years and POAs are gone? My mother has Alzheimer's for 3 years. I am her caregiver and power of attorney and daughter. She has a will and both of  brothers are dead in the last 6 years cause of Cancer. They were her power of attorney on her old will. Is the will still good as it has never been revised in 15 years. My name is on it as beneficiary of the house. Is it mine?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What to do if the car dealer kept my down payment after the bank denied me? What to do if the car dealer kept my down payment after the bank denied me?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
What rights as a renter do I have? What rights as a renter do I have?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Is there a legal form that could be signed to remove our liability for any injuries? i live in Illinois and want to hire a handyman to do several odd jobs but am worried about being sued for any injuries he may have. Is there a legal form that could be signed to remove our liability for any injuries?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Can I get my deposit back if I changed my mind in less than 2 days? I put a down payment on a car Saturday the 23 of June in Clearwater, Florida. On Sunday I changed my mind. Can I get my deposit back? The dealer is Countryside Ford.	Consumer Questions	Florida
Can my mother legally move out of state with my daughter without court permission? My mother is moving to Texas (we currently live in Buffalo NY). She has Article 6 of my 2-year-old daughter. Can she legally do this without court permission?	Family Questions	New York
What is Dire Rights? What is Dire Rights?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
Is 13% too much to increase rent? Is 13% too much to increase rent? In FL, it comes to a total of $1800 extra a year.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a boss tell you that you can only call out sick once every 30 days or you will get fired? Can a boss tell you that you can only call out sick once every 30 days or you will get fired? Is that legal?	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do if the school failed to protect my daughter when the fight was filmed and put online? My daughter was threaten by another student from another school. My daughter's school was made aware of the student stating she was coming to fight my daughter at her school. Security was placed on my daughter for a few days and then one day there was a meeting so security did not stay with my daughter and that day the came and attacked my child on school grounds. it was filmed and put on facebook, the entire fight. the school failed to protect my daughter.	Family Questions	Colorado
What to do if loan was supposedly approved on April 2012 for a car but the bank says I&#39;m behind payment? I bought a car and the dealer made me sign 4 times for a contract because they changed the interest and the payment amount. However the bank who works my loan told me that I'm behind on my payment because the loan was supposed to be approved on April 2012. I need to know what to do? The last paper signed was on June 29 2012.	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Can I refuse to go on retirement if I have 4 to full retirement if my work is trying to put me on disability? I work for the city for 16 years and I found out I have kidney failure and my job is trying to put me on disability retirement.  Can I refuse to go on retirement if I have 4 to full retirement?  What can I do?	Consumer Questions	New York
Can a company that has a free service charge for the same service say it was free? Can a company that has a free service charge for the same service say it was free?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
How much time does a landlord have to give a tenant before inspecting? How much time does a landlord have to give a tenant before inspecting?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can we deny people to rent who are on Social Services? We have an owner/occupied 2 family in NYS.  The apartment is second floor.  We are senior citizens.  Can we deny people to rent who are on Social Services?  Also can we deny people who have children?  It is a one bedroom apartment & we live downstairs.  My husband has a terminal illness & is ill a lot of the time & couldn't stand the "noise" from small children.  Thank You.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Does a salary person need to work more than 40 hours per week, and not get extra pay? Does a salary person need to work more than 40 hours per week, and not get extra pay?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can a company pay you as a subcontractor and give no options of being a w-2 employee? Can a company pay you as a subcontractor and give no options of being a w-2 employee? And make you work over 40 hrs a week with no over time pay? Yes we all work by the hour.	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can my employer fire me and try to keep my last check? Can my employer fire me and try to keep my last check if they accuse me of stealing company property? They have no proof, and what I was accused of trying to steal is still in their possession.	Employment Questions	Michigan
Is there anyway to break from my lease without paying a penalty when a burglary just happened? They recently broke into my apartment. It was during the day. It was about 5pm. They went thru our window and left out the door with an electric guitar. I really don't feel safe living here anymore.  I still have 5 months on my lease. I live in Nevada. Is there anyway to break from my lease without paying a penalty?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Nevada
Can I get a mortgage if I had a short sale 2 years ago? Can I get a mortgage if I had a short sale 2 years ago?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my husband get a passport even though he owes child support but he is currently being garnished? Can my husband get a passport even though he owes child support but he is currently being garnished for current and back support?	Family Questions	New York
Is it legal for me to remove state tags from my estranged wife&#39;s car? Is it legal for me to remove state tags from my estranged wife's car? The car is titled and registered in my name.	Family Questions	New York
Am I eligible for my money back simply because the title has not been transferred or signed? I purchased a car, in Orlando Florida, from a used car dealer and the car broke down after 2 weeks, the only reason I am asking if I am eligible for my money back is simply because the title has not been transferred or signed.	Consumer Questions	Florida
Possible to hire an artist for a project and reimburse them with company shares? Is it possible to hire an artist for a collaborative project and reimburse them with company shares instead of an hourly pay? The company is a brand new start-up and we plan to pay a salary once we find funding/investments.	Employment Questions	Virginia
Can I cut the power breaker to the structure and turn off the water supply from my resident to the structure? I have a family member living in my work shed that will not leave. I provide elect. and water from my residence. I have provided an address and mailbox to him for the structure also. We do not have a rental agreement but he has very regularly paid $200 a month to help on the utility use. He now refuses to help or leave and now after quite a struggle I want him to just vacate the property. Can I cut the power breaker from my resident to the structure and turn off the water supply from my resident to the structure?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
How do I get the process of child support rolling when the father is getting out of jail? My baby daddy has been locked for about five years. He was paying child support before he left and he's about to get out. What do I do to get it back started when he get out?	Family Questions	Georgia
How do I get my name off their list if I filed bankruptcy 12 years ago and my credit has been good? I filed for bankruptcy 12 years ago and my credit has been great ever since. They still have my name on their list that I went bankrupt. How do I get my name off their list?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Legal for your employer  to give out a point for being sick then never take that point of the books ever? Is it legal for your employer  to give out a point for being sick then never take that point of the books ever?  The employer use to take the points off in 6 months	Employment Questions	Indiana
What to do if my last employer has not paid me my last check and they won&#39;t return my phone calls? It's been a week my last employer has not paid me my last check and they won't return my phone calls?	Employment Questions	Washington
How do I prove that I never received certified notice from USPS? How do I prove that I never received certified notice from USPS?	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal to schedule an hourly employee 7 days in a single week in Tennessee? Is it legal to schedule an hourly employee 7 days in a single week in Tennessee?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal for owner to make an employee transport trash in their own personal vehicle? is it legal for a store owner to make an employee transport trash containing fish poultry and other possibly bacteria infested materials from one location to another in their own personal vehicle? If not what is the law that states that it is illegal	Employment Questions	Illinois
When am I due my termination of employment letter? When am I due my termination of employment letter?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If you received food stamps and are married but your husband does not live in the home is that welfare fraud? If you received food stamps and are married but your husband does not live in the home is that welfare fraud?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Can a supervisor take away one of your work days because you didn&#39;t come in on your off day? Can a supervisor take away one of your work days from your schedule because you didn't come in on your off day?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Can I get an annulment if I got married on June 4 and it is not working out? I got married on June 4 2012 and it is not working out. Can I get an annulment?	Family Questions	Florida
Do I have to let my sister&#39;s convicted husband live with us if we are co-owners of a home together? My sister and I are co-owners of a home. She wants to move her son into the home with us. He is due to be released from jail in about 3 weeks due to bad disagreements between him & I. I don't want him moving in with us. Do I have to let her move him in?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Anything I can do about neighbors driving away potential home buyers with their cars on the property line? Is there anything I can do about my neighbors driving away potential home buyers with their cars on the property line? Also when I show the house he came out and revved up his motorcycle.	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
What&#39;s the correct amount of days I&#39;m to evict if I received a notice to quit where I lived for 6 months? I received a notice to quit where I have lived in the house for 6 months.  They say I have 3 days to move out, but C.R.S. 13-40-107 says I have one month,  which is correct?&#106;&#x2e;&#x70;&#x61;&#x75;&#x6c;&#x2e;&#x31;&#x39;&#53;&#55;&#64;&#104;&#x6f;&#116;&#109;&#x61;&#105;&#108;&#x2e;&#x63;&#x6f;&#x6d;	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
What are my options if my husband of 26 years has asked me for a separation? My husband of 26 years has asked me for a separation. What are my options?	Family Questions	Virginia
If a couple divorces with shared legal custody and a parent moves to another state, is it abandonment? If a couple divorces and have minor children, with shared legal custody, and one parent chooses to move to another state, is this considered abandonment? How does this effect visitation?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
If property is &quot;land-locked&quot;, does an adjoining owner have to give a right of way to property? If a piece of property is "land-locked", does an adjoining property owner have to give a right of way to the land-locked property?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Should I still attend the hearing if I was wrongfully terminated and they&#39;re fighting my unemployment? I was wrongfully terminated and opened my unemployment. Now the company is fighting my unemployment. I am now working and am not receiving unemployment. Should I still attend the hearing?	Employment Questions	California
Can CPS tell my son who turned 18 that he still has to have supervised visits to see me? Cps took my children, and I still have not been given a reason. Can they tell my son who turned 18 in April that he still has to have supervised visits to see me?	Family Questions	California
My fiances&#39; ex girlfriend is constantly defying the court orders in regards to child visitation.  However, she has now filed new papers with the court alleging all sorts of false information.  My fiance has spent thousands already and can&#39;t afford representation. How does he respond to this?	Family Questions	Florida
Want to know if there is anything that can be done with my used car that doesn&#39;t have lemon law? I bought a used car and got screwed over on it. It is 12 years old and the lemon law doesn't count. I want to know if there is anything that can be done?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
When suing an employer for unpaid overtime, is it Federal Law that you must retain ALL emails? When suing an employer for unpaid overtime, is it Federal Law that you must retain ALL personal and business-related emails?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
can i pick up my children early from their visit with their dad? Can I pick up my children early from their visit with their dad?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Can atty now change amt to double what was stated on summons? HOA served me with summons for intent to foreclose. Amount on summons was agreed to by me and court was advised. Can atty now change amt to double what was stated on summons?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Are workers allowed to dig and run equipment beyond the 10 foot easement thereby come on to my property? I live in Fairfax County VA.  There is a sewer easement 10 feet into my property.  For maintenance on the sewer in the easement, are workers allowed to dig and run equipment beyond the 10 foot easement, and thereby come on to my property?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Can anything be taken out of the house and given away before the will is legally executed? can anything be taken out of the house and given away before the will is legally executed?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
In PA are you entitled to a break in a 8-hour day? In PA are you entitled to a break in a 8-hour day?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a local electric company cut your electric off if you have a disability in Florida? Can a local electric company cut your electric off if you have a disability in Florida?	Employment Questions	Florida
How old does a minor have to be to get emancipated? How old does a minor have to be to get emancipated?	Family Questions	California
Is there a cooling off period for coming back if I signed off on retirement? I signed off on retirement on Friday, then realized what a mistake it was on following Monday. Is there a cooling off period for coming back? or do I have to reapply as a new employee?	Employment Questions	California
Can I not pay my rent if the lease states a new refrigerator will be replaced within six months? Can I not pay my rent if the lease states a new refrigerator will be replaced within six months? (even though I complained that the one I have now is not working right)	Real Estate Questions	New York
How old do you have to be for child support to stop? How old do you have to be for child support to stop?	Employment Questions	California
Breaking FL Dead Contract I am currently in a home in FL that was worked through a Deed Contract.  I am unable to obtain financing for the home because the contract price is higher than what the home is worth. It is past the time frame that I was given to obtain financing.  I would like to get out of this contract.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I buy a used car from a dealer is there a period of time I can return the car if I find something wrong with it? If I buy a used car from a dealer is there a period of time I can return the car if I find something wrong with it?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Do I have to inform my ex husband of my new address when we have joint custody? I have joint custody of my child and I need to know if I have to inform my ex husband of my new address.  I am still within 150 miles of his residence and according to what I am reading I do not have to inform him since I am within 150 miles I need to know if that is true.  The code on my paperwork is 767.481 that I am reading from my divorce papers.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Wisconsin
If someone gets hurt on our play structure are we as homeowners responsible if we put up signs prior? We have a swing set play structure and we have no fence. My question is if someone comes in our yard and gets hurt on our play structure are we as homeowners responsible if we put up signs that say no trespassing play at your own risk?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Is there a way to fight the debt collector without having to fill paperwork or appearing in court? Hey. I have a subpoena from a debt collector that requires me to fill out the paperwork within a week. Is there a way to fight it without having to fill paperwork or appearing in court? And it's a debt from 1999. For the amount of $2600. I requested discovery for the amount. But they denied it. Said it was too late. They are the 4th collection agency that has tried to collect this debt.	Consumer Questions	New York
What&#39;s the chances of my boyfriend&#39;s emergency custody being overturned when he lives in PA? My boyfriend has won emergency custody in Arkansas but resides here in PA. What's the chances of that being overturned?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What would happen if I stop mortgage payments? I am upside down on my home in Florida, owing a first and second mortgage.  What would happen if I walked away from the mortgage payments?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What do you think if I was giving a summons on a harassment charge on the job? I was giving a summons on a harassment charge on the job. What do you think?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Illegal for a contractor to work in the city of Los Angeles on a Sunday? Is it illegal for a contractor to work in the city of Los Angeles on a Sunday?	Real Estate Questions	California
Invasion of privacy if the dog catcher has given out personal info without our consent? The Dog catcher in our town has given out personal information of my fiancee without her knowledge or consent. Is this invasion of privacy?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can a company work hours with no lunch break? Can a company work hours with no lunch break, but they take out half hour that one worked and no 15 breaks with that?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Legal if I got hurt at work and the company is making me work 12 hr shifts while I&#39;m still in therapy? I Got hurt at work and the company is making me work 12 hr shifts while I'm still in therapy?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Is divorce decree binding contract? Is a divorce decree a binding contract?	Family Questions	New York
What are my rights at work with piercings? I got hired with my tongue pierced and my manager is telling me she will fire me if she sees me at work with it in. What are my rights?	Employment Questions	Colorado
What is the cheapest way to execute an estate by the hour or a flat fee? What is the cheapest way to execute an estate by the hour or a flat fee? And generally what percent is a flat fee and how much by the hour?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
Does a person have to consent to being recorded with a tape recorder? Does a person have to consent to being recorded with a tape recorder in the state of NY?	Employment Questions	New York
True to take a minimum of 30 minutes for a lunch break or I&#39;m breaking the law? I'm being told that I have to take a minimum of 30 minutes for a lunch break or I'm breaking the law.  Is this true for one working in a Colorado School district?	Employment Questions	Colorado
For a full-time job, what&#39;s the break frequency in a day? For a full-time job, what's the break frequency in a day?	Employment Questions	Michigan
If a will was never recorded in the county of the deceased, will the estate go into probate? If a will has never been recorded in the county of the deceased, or in any county for that matter, is it valid and will the estate go into probate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Legal for a place of business to have cameras and not post a notice in Michigan? Legal for a place of business to have cameras and not post a notice in Michigan?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Legal to take my full-time status away and tell me I am now part-time with 9 hours total? I have been working at Wal-mart for 9 1/2 years now. I was hired as full-time since 2002.  Now they took my full-time status away and told me I am now part-time with 9 hours total. Is that legal?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Who is obligated if someone gets hurt at a restaurant if there is no Manager on Duty? Who is legally obligated if someone gets hurt at a restaurant if there is no Manager on Duty? The Owner is not present and there is no person appointed in charge? Legally must there be someone appointed in charge at all a restaurant?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
Can an employer give a position to an employee without interviewing all applicants? Can an employer give a position to an employee without interviewing all applicants? Also can they give a portions to an employee without opening it up for other employees?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Is there a law against consecutive days without an off day? Is there a law against consecutive days without an off day?	Employment Questions	Alabama
What is a Motion to Quash? What is a Motion to Quash (related to a subpoena for medical records)? I work in Medical Records and need to write out instructions on copying records for subpoenas and the motions to quash rules.	Employment Questions	Virginia
What can I do about violations on my mortgage papers? What can I do about violations on my mortgage papers?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Wyoming
How many times can I work full-time hours to obtain the full-time benefits? As a part-time employee, how many times can I work full-time hours, before my employer has to provide me with the full-time benefits?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I sign my trust over to my daughter? Can I sign my trust over to my daughter?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Are administrative fees the same as tip or gratuity in MA? Are administrative fees the same as tip or gratuity in MA?Also how should tips be divided if employees work different hour during a event?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If I put a deposit down on a car, can the dealer sell it 1 hour later to someone else? If I put a deposit down on a car, can the dealer sell it 1 hour later to someone else?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What is the law on breaks during an 8 or 10-hour day? What is the law on breaks during an 8 or 10-hour day?	Employment Questions	Florida
How many days can you work in a week? How many days can you work in a week?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is it the landlord&#39;s responsibility to pay for repair of his own appliances when it is something the tenant did not do themselves. Is it the landlord's responsibility to pay for repair of his own appliances when it is something the tenant did not do themselves? Or is it the tenant's responsibility?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
If I call in sick with Doctor&#39;s note, can I be made to make up the time? If I call in sick with Doctors note, and take my own paid time of, can I be made to make up the time?  Particularly the weekend, as this is what I'm told I have to "make up".	Employment Questions	Georgia
What can we do if our daughter refuses to vacate the home we purchased? We purchased a home solely for our daughter to live in and the mortgage is in our name. She put $8000 in on the closing fees and we put $9000. Her name is not on the mortgage at all. She pays the mortgage payment as though she is renting this house.  It is not working out so we sent her an eviction notice for 30 days.  We plan to sell the house and give her half of the profit.  What can we do if she refuses to vacate the residence?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oklahoma
Best way to handle my mother&#39;s house when she passes? "We live in Fl. My mother is 78 and I had to bring her to live with me because of her health. She has a house which is empty for the moment. My 2 brothers and I are wondering which is the best way to handle her house. How can we avoid probate when she passes? Also she has medicare and medicaid and we don't want her to lose the medicaid. She is marry but separated and my dad signed and recorded aquit claim deed sample5 years ago. I was told that a "Lady Byrd Deed" was the best way. Does it has to be issue from my mom and my dad to my brothers and I or only my mom?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can my brother take my sister&#39;s kid because her dad doesn&#39;t want her? Can my brother take my sister's kid because her dad doesn't want her?	Family Questions	Montana
Can employers take your health or vacation time if you can work overtime? Can employers take your health or vacation time if you can work overtime?	Employment Questions	Illinois
If an employee takes $20 for additional service will they go to jail if their employer finds out about it? If a federal employee takes $20.00 for additional service to a company will they go to jail if their employer finds out about it?	Criminal Questions	New York
If I get divorced in MA can I go and get remarried in Las Vegas immediately? If I get divorced in MA can I go and get remarried in Las Vegas immediately?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Law on having a manager on duty while the premises are open? What is the law in the state of Florida on having a manager on duty while the premises are open?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can a renter put off eviction by appealing a case in district court? Can a renter put off eviction by appealing a case in district court?	Real Estate Questions	Arkansas
What can I do if I feel discriminated at work replace by a male cook? I have been demoted at my job as a cook, being replaced by a man. I have worked as a cook for 13 years. I am being told I am not qualified. I have held this position for 3 years. I feel discriminated. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Is there any way possible that I can get a photo from mugshotsonline.com removed from the internet? I googled my name and the first thing that comes up is a picture of me onmugshotsonline.com. Is there any way possible that I can get it removed from the internet? The site has a disclaimer stating that it is public record, but there has to be a law that protects the person from this type of clause. It was a minor traffic violation, but the perception given is quite embarrassing. What can I do to protect myself from such scrutiny?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can we add our grandson&#39;s name to the deed on  the house in CA? My wife and I are buying a house in CA. Our grandson is currently living in the house and makeing the mortgage payments. Our intentions were to sell our house in FL and move to CA. But the market in FL is so bad that we cannot afford to sell the house now. Can we add our grandson's name to the deed on  the house in CA? That way if anything were to happen to us he the house would be his, we assume.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I go outside the U.S. after filing i-130 for my wife and my daughter? Can I go outside the U.S. after filing i-130 for my wife and my daughter?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I get a divorce if husband left the country? Can I get a divorce if my husband left five years ago and went back to Mexico?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Legal recourse if our old lease expired in May and the landlord never got around to the new one? My fiancee signed a new lease for our apartment behind my back.  He told the landlord I moved out when I didn't.  Now he wants me to move out.  Our old lease expired in May and the landlord never got around to the new one.  I do have the original one.  I want to stay here.  Do I have any legal recourse?  I am in NY	Real Estate Questions	New York
Need info on court procedure and evidence needed in guardianship for children by grandparents? Need info on court procedure and evidence needed in guardianship for children by grandparents?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
Can my wages be garnished by that debt collector if my name is not on the debt? My wife has a debt that has a judgement against her name. My name is not on the debt. Can my wages be garnished by that debt collector?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
I am needing to find out if a child is mine and the guardian won&#39;t let me take a test and I offered to pay! What form can I file or how can I make her do the DNA test?	Family Questions	Texas
By law does one third of the property go to the wife &amp; the rest to the kids? I live in MA & my father passed away & he was still legally married when he passed. He has property & 3 children. We are battling my aunt for the property & I was wondering by law does one third of the property go to the wife & the rest to the kids?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Maryland
Is the original freeze still in effect? I am going through a divorce. My husband is on his 2nd attorney. I am pro-se. Our only asset left (he drained his 503(B) plan) is a personal injury settlement of my husband's that was put into his 1st attorney's client trust account when the judge signed a motion to freeze those assets on Nov.1, 2011. I now have found my husband's bank statement that clearly shows the money is in his own checking account and is dwindling. I have a suspicion that it may soon be gone. What can I do, being pro-se, to find that money and stop him from spending any more of it? And isn't the original freeze still in effect?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Does a company have the right to take back sick days when they have provided them to you? Does a company have the right to take back sick days when they have provided them to you?	Employment Questions	Arizona
Can I file for divorce without legally separating in South Carolina? Can I file for a divorce without being legally separated  in south Carolina?	Family Questions	South Carolina
How can I stop child support? My son is 18 and at has quit school. My ex is still getting child support from me due to auto deduction from employer. How can i stop child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What is the United States Code (&quot;USC&quot;) for real property claims? I need the United States Code ("USC") for real property claims. We owned shares of stocks in a cooperative apartment in Bronx county that has been given funding by the United States Housing (HUD). It was improperly auctioned. We want to file a claim at the United States Southern District Court.	Real Estate Questions	Oklahoma
When amendment to contract is executed, is it in the original name of A or their new name? A contract was signed between companies A and B. A changed their name subsequent to the contract signing. When amendment to contract is executed, is it in the original name of A or their new name?	Employment Questions	Maryland
Is it a law that my wife doesn&#39;t have to pick up my son halfway if we are over 40 miles apart? I live in the state of NY. My ex wife lives approximately 35 miles from me. She states she does not have to meet me half way so that I can pick up my son because the law states he must live further then 40 miles away. Leaving to have to drive 35 miles there, back to my home and then back to his home, is this true?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Is it true you can run in the newspaper that you&#39;re divorcing and if no response it is good to go? I have been married for 15 yrs and I am 30. 10 of those yrs we have not been together we have a 15 and 12 yr old. She refuses for me to see them and I have filed for divorce twice did mediation and parenting classes and she will not follow through. Is it true you can run in the newspaper that you're divorcing and if no response it is good to go	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Tennessee
Does an employee have to pay for a guest&#39;s meal if one should walk out without paying? Does an employee have to pay for a guest's meal if one should walk out without paying?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
When an employee is placed on furlough, can they take vacation time? When an employee is placed on furlough, can they take vacation time?	Employment Questions	Oregon
In FL what is the lunch and breaks guidelines when working 8 hours? In FL what is the lunch and breaks guidelines when working 8 hours?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can a employer fire you if you refuse to come in on a schedueld day of while working on flexpay based salary?	Employment Questions	Texas
Is it legal if the company I worked for over five years and now I am ill with no job and no health insurance? I recently was terminated from my job (Tampa, Florida).  I was diagnosed with lupus in 2011 and had FLMA papers filed with my employer.  In January 2012 I ended up having to go on ST-Disability.  During the time of my disability, I was let go by my employer with the reason being that my FMLA had run out.  They stated they had tried to contact me; however, I had no messages from them (I had been in the hospital during this time).  I had contacted my boss on March 21st to update her on my status and she never mentioned anything to me about my FMLA running out and me needing to come back to work by the 26th.  I worked for this company for over five years and now I am ill with no job and no health insurance.  Is this legal under ADA?	Employment Questions	Florida
Which form should I use: form with  dates and responses while the other gives a summary and answers the objections? I am my own attorney and need to file a motion to compel.  My husband refuses to give any information.  I have seen two different forms but don't know which one to use. One form just list dates and responses while the other gives a summary and answers the objections.  Which one?  State of Virginia-divorce case	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
If I have been living with and caring for my grandmother for more than ten years and paying the bills at her address, do I have any legal rights to the property after her death? If I have been living with and caring for my grandmother for more than ten years and paying the bills at her address, do I have any legal rights to the property after her death?	Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
How do I remove a credit card bank Lien in California and what form do I need to file an ex-parte? how do I remove a credit card bank Lien in California and what form do I need to file an ex-parte? I have sent letters to the attorney. He won't respond to me. I filed a notice of exemption with the levying officer. he ignored it.the money he garnished is being returned. but the lien is still on file?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How is it legal going forward to withhold money in my pay check for the next 9 months when it is prospective withholding? I made a mistake when I signed up for FSA deductions.  It has caused me a financial hardship but I do not fit criteria to reduce or end my payroll deductions. How is it legal going forward to withhold money in my pay check for the next 9 months when it is prospective withholding?  Everyone tells me this can't be fixed and I need to accept a $4,000 loss.Thank you!	Employment Questions	Florida
Do CA workers have the right to know how much they can make in their present position? Do Californian workers have the right to know how much they can make in their present position?	Employment Questions	California
Can my son contest his father&#39;s will if he just passed away? I have paternity papers for my son. He is 43 and his father just passed away.  Can he contest his will?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I find out the laws and rules of children and youth? How do I find out the laws and rules of children and youth?	Family Questions	New Jersey
When I&#39;m 16, can I move out of my parent&#39;s house with consent from one of my parents? When I'm 16, can I move out of my parent's house and into someone else's house with consent from one of my parents?	Family Questions	Arkansas
If I can&#39;t pay an estate bond, what will the courts do to me? If I cannot pay an estate bond in my name only. What can the bond company and courts do to me?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
ticketed for a suspended license for lacking an SR22 on insurance. I just got ticketed for driving with a suspended license in Boise, ID. The minimum penalty here in ID is 2 days jail time and a $1,000 fine. I moved here about 3 months ago from Columbus, OH. The license suspension is a result of forgetting SR22 insurance on my newest policy. I am insured and will have the SR22 applied before my court date. At that point I will no longer have a suspended license. My question is, will having all of my ducks in a row be enough to get the suspended license misdemeanor reduced to a lesser charge? Should I have a lawyer speak on my behalf?	Criminal Questions	Idaho
Can you reduce the salary of an employee that was a supervisor and the position has been eliminated? Can you reduce the salary of an employee that was classified as a supervisor and the position has been eliminated?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I be fired while on disability? can I be fired while being on disability in the state of California?	Employment Questions	California
Can the landlord give us our money back for a penalty? With a 2-month penalty for breaking a lease in Massachusetts, is this legal? Is the landlord obligated to give us our money back if he rents it out earlier?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Contractor demanding payment for incomplete project. Contractor hired to rebuild our kitchen walked off the job. I incurred more costs to find someone else and finish the job. Now, he wants payment for the hours he worked for a job he quit on. Thoughts, advice?	Construction Law Questions,Contract Questions	New Jersey
Is the place my husband works for liable for damages? My husband is a mechanic and got into an accident with a client's car.  Is the place he worked for liable for damages?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Should I do request a meeting with a higher manager or try to resolve the issue? I went to work as scheduled and my manager told me to clock in on a clock that appeared to be broken I informed her it was not working and she used profanities she called me out of my name and asked me to leave I asked her. was I fired she never answerer my question. The next day I went to work to lock in she told me to leave I asked her if I was fired she never answered. Should I do request a meeting with a higher manager to try to resolve the issue. What should I do from here?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I fire and not pay balance due to bad quality work? I hired a contractor to do concrete work in Pennsylvania. His quality of work is terrible. I signed a contract and paid half of the total amount. Can I fire him and not pay the balance?	Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there anything I can do if my job forces me to work while I&#39;m sick? Is there anything I can do if my job forces me to work while I'm sick?	Employment Questions	Florida
If I&#39;ve been married 13 years, am I entitled spousal support? If I've been married 13 years, am I entitled spousal support? I make $2400 month. His salary is $3200 but with excessive overtime, he makes $5000-$6000 monthly usually. What are my rights if he cheated on me with a county co-worker? I have 2 children with him.	Family Questions	California
Can I sue Subway for finding some type of string in my food (cookie)? Can I sue Subway for finding some type of string in my food (cookie)?I ate some of it it.	Consumer Questions	California
Is she old enough to say she wants to move without her mother stopping her or do I need to go to court for custody of my daughter? I have a 16-year-old daughter who lives in D.C. with her mother and they are having issues, so she now wants to come to Atlanta to live with me.  Is she old enough to say she wants to move without her mother stopping her or do I need to go to court for custody of my daughter?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Does an employer have to post in office a copy of laws and regulations per the labor law and minimum wage laws as well? Does an employer have to post in office a copy of laws and regulations per the labor law and minimum wage laws as well?	Employment Questions	New York
Can employer match 401k for non-union employees but deny union? Can an employer deny matching 401k to union employees but provide it for non-union employees?	Employment Questions	Texas
What to do if they want me to sign over my parental rights? Child Custody. About 2 years ago I decided to move to Alabama to start my family with my kids father. Long story short: my kids were making false accusations to dhr which is dcf up there. I was forced to sign a safety plan with no investigation at all just removed my kids. I ended up getting my kids and taking them out state so they got a court order to get my kids back to Alabama. I was told to complete certain things. I did them and both my boys reside in the state of Fl. One with the paternal grandparents and the other placed with his father paternity has been established but my grandmother has custody who  resides in Alabama. I have court on the 10th. My boys have resided in the state of FL for over 6 months and wants me to sign over my rights.	Family Questions	Florida
Rights if my landlord had hallway lights of building on my utilities for 30 months? My landlord had hallway lights of building on my utilities for 30 months.  What are my rights and options?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Will the requirement for written approval remain the same if brother&#39;s new spouse is a green card holder? my brother is an Indian citizen, a divorcee with a minor child for whom he has visitation rights. Also, he is paying a monthly maintenance for the child alone and not for the ex partner. When he is applying for green card, is it required to get a written approval from his ex-partner that he will pay the monthly maintenance amount or would it be sufficient if he can provide proof that he is paying the monthly maintenance amount to his child who is under her custody? Will the requirement for written approval remain the same if his new spouse is a green card holder? Is this requirement same across any country or will it be different across countries?	Immigration Questions	California
Can my employer force me to participate in a charity event on company time? Can my employer force me to participate in a charity event on company time?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
What kind of contract would a business have with a customer that has used an aerial banner flown behind a plane to advertise a contest and prize for that contest? I am doing research for my business law class. What kind of contract would a business have with a customer that has used an aerial banner flown behind a plane to advertise a contest and prize for that contest? Would the business be able to be sued for breaking the contract if the contestant started, but did not let the business know they were accepting the contest rules?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
If a job ends up going over-estimate, how much over estimate is it legal to charge? I am a licensed painting contractor in California. If a job ends up going over-estimate, how much over estimate is it legal to charge?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Questions about closed loop prepaid programs? HiWe're interested in offering a kind of a closed loop prepaid program countrywide. We've gone through some FinCEN rules, but we still have some concerns.Which states adopt definitions of 'prepaid access' that are different from FinCEN's? If what we appear to be classified as closed loop by FinCEN's definition (thus not a MSB nor a money transmitter at the federal level, right?), then would we still need a license in certain states?For unregulated closed loop, FinCEN seems to permit the transfer of membership 'points' between members and the selling of 'points' to others for any amount of cash. Does KYC apply? Do all states permit this?Beside FinCEN's rules, what other rules are relevant to us?Thanks	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	U9
What can my brother legally do to get her wife out of the house and change the locks? My brother who resides in Lenoir, NC, owns his own home and has for about 18 years.   He just got married 9 months ago and wants his wife out.  She refuses to help pay for anything and spends his money.   What can he legally do to get her/and daughter out of the house and change the locks?	Immigration Questions	North Carolina
How do we go about getting my father to come back to the US when his green card has no expiration? My father has green card with no expiration date. 10 yrs ago he left US and went home to Indonesia to take care my sick mother and brother. How do we go about for him to come back to state?	Family Questions	California
How do I get legal guardianship for my minor children&#39;s inheritance? Legal guardianship for my minor children's inheritance. How do I get?  We are in FL and Inheritance is in NY.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If you work an eight hour day how many breaks do you get? If you work an eight hour day how many breaks do you get?	Employment Questions	New York
Does the property go to my stepsister and none of his real kids? My dad and stepmom had a will with their name and my stepsisters name on it for the property if they die. well my stepmom died years later. My dad died so does the property go to my stepsister and none of his real kids? He remarried my real mom again before he died.	Real Estate Questions	California
I applied for commercial land in India. I got allotment and I be paying the full amount in 3 years using cashier&#39;s check. I will be selling this land on premium. How the tax will be calculated on this gain. Will it be capital gain? The copy of cashier&#39;s checks are ok to show as proof of purchase.	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Texas
What is easiest, most cost-effective way to set up new division in S-corp? I am a one-person, NY S-Corp. I would like to establish a "division" or "sub-company" to handle a totally different market and with a different "company" name, separate web site, etc.What is the easiest, most cost-effective method?Do I need to set-up a new S-Corp? Can I run a DBA under the umbrella of the S-Corp, or can I simply name a new "division"? The S-Corp specializes in electrical power protection while the "sub-company" would be in the music production field.	Corporate Questions	New York
Question regarding receiving a summons for a past due debt from a collection agency? I received a summons for a past due debt from 2007 from a collection agency.  We have no job, no assets, no income except SS and I don't know what to do.	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Whats the law say against 17-year-olds moving out of their house? I'm a 17-year-old girl who wants to move out of her current household but doesn't want to get police involved. whats the law say against seventeens year olds moving out of their house?	Family Questions	Michigan
What can you do if you are falsely accused of failing a class in high school? What can you do if you are falsely accused of failing a class in high school?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Why is lawyer asking for a certified accountant letter when my husband&#39;s co-sponsor is self-employed? My husbands co-sponsor is self employed. Our lawyer asks that she gets a certified accountant letter. Why? I-1864 application affidavit of support.	Immigration Questions	Oklahoma
Can police arrest and charge me if I wasn&#39;t on scene? A friend of mine and I took a trailer full of TV's when we parked the trailer. I took off while he was still trying to get in the trailer. 2 hours later police came to my home and arrested me. How can I be charged when I wasn't on the scene?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Legal to hold the pay of an employee till next pay period if they do not turn in their time sheets? is it legal to hold the pay of an employee till nex pay period if they do not turn in their time sheets by company deadline	Employment Questions	Louisiana
What rights do I have if my spouse had the locks changed but still have some belongings there? My spouse and I live in the state of Michigan and we recently rented a home together.  We separated soon after and I decided to move out.  I contacted the landlord to notify him and requested that he remove my name from the lease.  The landlord refused saying that it was a personal matter and we are both still responsible for the lease.  My spouse eventually had the locks changed and I do not have a copy but still have some belongings there.  What rights do I have?  Also he has done a sublease with some new roommates.	Real Estate Questions	California
Can manager legally discuss reason for my termination with others? I was recently fired from my job. My previous manager has since been discuss the reason for my termination with all of the employees of the store. I was wonder if this is legal for her to be doing this?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal if job will now be mandatory 7 days a week from sunup to sundown? Boyfriend started working for a temp service with understanding that he could work overtime if necessary. 1st day on job he found out that he had to work 10 to 11 hr days 6 days a week in full sun, doing a job completely different from what he was told. Told he would be turning wrenches, instead carrying 25' long (500lb) steel poles, by hand in squelching heat with 1/2 hour lunch break and 1 15 min break all day. His 4 day on job he is told (today) that it will now be mandatory 7 days a week from sunup to sundown. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Florida
What is a reasonable time thereafter for a refund on a security deposit? What is a reasonable time thereafter for a refund on a security deposit?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if the landlord just increased rent when the house is currently in foreclosure? Hello, I currently pay $800 month in rent. I had a one year lease that expired February 20, 2012. All of a sudden my landlord has made an increase of $200 in rent and is giving me a new lease. The house is currently under short sale/ foreclosure. The landlord is not paying anything of the mortgage.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If there is a mistake on the court document, like the last name, are the document valid in court? If there a mistake on the court document, like the last name of the respondent, are the document valid in court?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can a landlord discard a tenant&#39;s belongings without having served a legal eviction notification? Hi....Can a landlord discard a tenant's belongings without having served a legal eviction notification, that has been received and signed by the tenant?My sister is in a hospital, and I am afraid this may have occurred.   =(	Real Estate Questions	New York
What is a country code trying to sign up for skype? What is a country code trying to sign up for skype?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can I sue my cell phone provider in small claims court? Hello, I need to know if I can sue my cell phone provider in small claims court. On 12/21/11, I called to cancel one of the two lines on my account. I was prepared to pay the $100 cancellation fee as per my contract but was told  I was just past the 18 month period of my plan and I would not incur this charge.  The rep added that this time frame ended on 12/21 so she would call me on 12/22 to ensure I wouldn't get charged, which she did. So on 12/22/11, she called, I confirmed 3 times that I will not be charged and then cancelled the line.  One month later, I received a bill for the cancellation. My provider, via 2 letters is refusing to adhere to adhere to the rep's offer or listen to the taped calls! I feel defrauded. Can I sue them?	Consumer Questions	New York
Should my landlord be responsible for my hotel bill for I had to stay where I could shower cause the apartment is unlivable? My water heater goes out and I'm unable to get hot water to shower, wash dishes, etc. It has become unlivable which forced me to stay in a hotel to shower. Should my landlord be responsible for my hotel bill for I had to stay where I could shower? Also is this indeed considered an unlivable situation?	Leasing Questions	New Mexico
What is the law that states certain real estate are exempt from property Tax? What is the law that states certain real estate, such as educational, hospitals, and religious organizations are exempt from property Tax?	Tax Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it illegal to withhold information about a relative&#39;s whereabouts, even if you have power of attorney for this elderly person? Is it illegal to withhold information about a relative's whereabouts, even if you have power of attorney for this elderly person?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
If I didn&#39;t sign any papers can my older brother make me pay half of my mom&#39;s funeral costs? If I didn't sign any papers can my older brother make me pay half of my mom's funeral costs?	Family Questions	Nevada
What paper work do I need to file in Georgia to have my child support stopped? Both of my children live in Georgia my son is 20 and my daughter is 18. What paper work do I need to file in Paulding county Georgia to have my child support stopped? Do I also have to show that they have been emancipated when they turned 18 according to DCCS of Georgia?	Family Questions	Georgia
If a person is put on an emergency list can that person be held responsible for my financial cost? If a person is put on a emergency list at a hospital can that person be held responsible for my financial cost at that hospital?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Oklahoma
Can an employer give out my personal information to a stranger? Can an employer give out my personal information (home address) to a stranger?	Employment Questions	Florida
If my sister leaves her husband behind in CO and brings her 3 kids to CA with her to live, will it be considered child abduction? My sister and her husband live in CO but she wants to file legal separation in CA. If she leaves her husband behind in CO and brings her 3 kids to CA with her to live, will it be considered child abduction?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If I am doing a workman&#39;s compensation claim, will I get paid for the hours I am missing due to my injury? I recently got injured on the job and have missed hours at work because of my injury. I am doing a workman's compensation claim, will I get paid for the hours I am missing due to my injury?	Personal Injury Questions	Connecticut
Can I use silence per agreement when I signed my PNS for my home that I bought? Can I use silence per agreement when I signed my PNS for my home that I bought? What does the silence per agreement mean in buying a home?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What is the law for lunch breaks? What is the law for lunch breaks?	Employment Questions	New York
What is the hourly rate for waitresses? What is the hourly rate for waitresses?	Employment Questions	New York
What is the law for time curfew noise ordinance in PA? What is the law for time curfew noise ordinance for Jessup, Pa? And is basketball, pool filter running or pulling into your driveway on your motorcycle a violation?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Practices legal under CA labor laws? I work for a company that has recently changed it's scheduling methods. They post the work schedule online on a company website. In order to find when you're  working you look it up online. Because our schedule changes from day to day, we must call in,or look it up every day an hour before the shift starts. This means that even when  person is scheduled off for two or three days in a row they can't leave town or do anything,  because they could call in and find that they had changed the schedule. Is this legal under California labor laws? If so do they have to pay us something for being on call?	Employment Questions	California
Can I as the dad file for custody of my sons because mom died? Can I as the dad file for custody of my sons because mom died?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can I get out of contract and deposit back if sellers miss closing date and have no permits? Sellers missed the closing date by three weeks because of permit issues. They still don't have permits. All over my contract it says time is of the essence. Can I get out of contract and get deposit back?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Can I sue for mental or emotional distress or damages if my boss is constantly throwing things at me? My boss constantly throws things in my direction and yells at me. i have done nothing to provoke his actions, and I am becoming physically ill due to fear for my safety. I have experienced nausea, physical pain, and headaches. Can I sue for mental or emotional distress or damages? If so, how much can I ask for in compensation?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Can babysitter give child breast milk without parental consent? Is it illegal for a babysitter in Iowa to give a 3-year old child her breast milk without the parents consent?	Family Questions,Legal Questions	Kansas
When I die is my adult son responsible for my credit card debt? When I die is my adult son responsible for my credit card debt? If my coop is worth less than its value, who is responsible for the difference? I have life insurance and an annuity that my son is the named beneficiary.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Do I have a case in which a Ford Expedition burned up and then blew up my car? I wanted to know do I have a case in which an Ford Expedition burn up and then blew up my car? There was an recall on the Ford Expedition which caused the fire.	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Does iowa have emancipation laws?	Family Questions	Iowa
Do we have a legal argument to removing the note from the ballot? I am a teacher in a non-union California school district. Teachers are asking the board to rescind a salary feeeze implemented this year. Our board has indicated they will rescind the freeze this year but they insist they include a "special note" at the bottom of our ballot saying they intend to cut teacher salaries next school year. This "special note" is said not to be part of the vote, only an indication of their intentions. We believe it is inappropriate and even threatening to include this note. Do we have a legal argument to removing this note from the ballot?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
If I get sick at work even though I have no more sick time, can they fire me for going home? If I get sick at work and go home even though I have no more sick time, can they fire me for going home?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How much does a partition suit cost? How much does a partition suit cost?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If my neighbor crosses my land to get to his house, and there is no easement, how can I stop him?  There are other ways to get to the house, but through my property is the shortest.	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Alaska
Can a 16 year old in NYS refuse CPS? Can a 16 year old in NYS refuse CPS?	Family Questions	New York
If we have shared custody of our two kids, could the residential parent take away child support? If we have shared custody of our two kids, could the residential parent take away child support? What happens once the parent who gets the support gets a job?	Family Questions	Illinois
How can I find if an adoption petition was placed in newspaper? How can I find if an adoption petition was placed in newspaper? We were told it would run in local newspaper and never checked to see if it did. There has been several lies over this process so I'm a little untrusting of the situation now and want to see if the ad was truly placed.	Family Questions	Alabama
Will my child&#39;s father be able to take custody if I marry someone in the military and possibly move? I have sole custody of my child but I am getting married to someone in the military. He is based in a different state. My child's father said he will take custody if I do that. Will he get custody?	Family Questions	Oregon
If everything is in my name and I have supported him for most of our marriage does he still get half of the value during the divorce? I have been married for 9 years and my husband has only worked maybe 2 years of our marriage.  Our house, land, etc. is in my name.  I know when you divorce everything is suppose to be split 50/50.  But if everything is in my name and I have supported him for most of our marriage does he still get half of the value?  He doesn't want the house or items in the house.  He wants the money from it.	Family Questions	Mississippi
If I received eviction notice, how long do I have before I have to move? If I received eviction notice, how long do I have before I have to move?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can I leave home at 17? Can I leave home at 17?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Do I have any rights to anything concerning the home and property if he owned everything before? I've been married for 3 years and want a divorce.  He owned our home before we married.  Do I have any rights to anything concerning the home and property.	Family Questions	Kentucky
Is a divorce legal when you never separated? Is a divorce legal when you never separated?	Family Questions	Illinois
If you have only been married 11 months, what is the wife entitled to? If you have only been married 11 months, what is the wife entitled to?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can a mother in Missouri have the courts put dad in jail for non payment of child support? Can a mother in Missouri have the courts put dad in jail for non payment of child support?	Family Questions	Missouri
Do we have to wait the 4 months to put the house in our name when our father recently passed? My father just passed away.  I am a co-executor on his living trust.  All that's in the trust is my dads house.  All the rest of my sibling get nothing.  My attorney sent them a letter to see if they want to protest the will.  They are given 4 months for this.  We cannot put the house in our names for months till we see if someone will contest the will.  Is this a normal procedure and do we have to wait the 4 months to put the house in our name?  My sister and I are the only ones getting the house.  This is in California.	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I get custody of my niece? Can I get custody of my thirteen year old niece because her mother is a drug addict, even if I'm not a registered foster parent?	Family Questions	California
Help if I am paying too much child support for my income? I am paying too much child support for my income. How can I get help with this matter?	Family Questions	Kentucky
How old do you have to be to work on a farm in CT? How old do you have to be to work on a farm in CT? Whose responsible if they should get hurt?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
Should I move out of the house rented by me and my wife before I file for divorce? Should I move out of the house rented by me and my wife before I file for divorce? If I do can O be considered for abandonment?	Family Questions	Virginia
I am a small business who was burglarized. The door on the front of the building that I rent was destroyed and my landlord says I&#39;m responsible for replacing the door on their building. Is this true?	Leasing Questions	Illinois
Is NY csea law stronger than a negotiated agreement law in a ccsea contract? Is NY csea law stronger than a negotiated agreement law in a ccsea contract?	Employment Questions	New York
What can I do if my ex will not sign a quit claim deed? I have a consent order filed with the court on November 2011 for property division after a divorce. The order states I should be given 180 days to refinance my house in order to have my ex husband's name removed from mortgage. I Completed all papers with Bank of America. They have requested aquit claim deed formin order to complete the process of a refinance and remove his name. My ex husband will not sign a quit claim deed what can i do? Order states he must comply with my trying to refinance house.	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
If you are an alibi witness but you don&#39;t remember in detail what happen that day what do you say in court? if you are an alibi witness for a defendant but you don't remember in detail what happen that day what do you say in court?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Is it legal to own and use an Airsoft gun in Nassau County under the age of 16?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can I sign custody of my 6-year-old over to a family member legally? I'm a single mom. Can I sign custody of my 6-year-old over to a family member legally?	Family Questions	Georgia
Question about employment rates? I am a small business owner.  I worked with one of my employees on a state job for one day on Sunday for 7 hours, and this worker worked 30 hours on open shop work for the rest of this pay week.  This worker will be paid prevailing wage for the 7 hours - should it be x1.5 or x2, or just the straight rate?Thanks, Ed	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can a company bill your credit card for two items and then refuse to ship one of them? Can a company bill your credit card for two items, ship one item, then refuse to ship the other saying they don't accept your credit card, even though you've paid for the item and the money removed from your account? I paid for both Items, however, only one was shipped and now they're saying they wont accept the credit card for the other item.	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Get an attorney if my girlfriend is moving and will it complicate matters? I recently took a job in North FL. At the time, my GF and I were living in Central FL. I have been working here for nearly 2 months, and will soon be getting a place to live here. My GF has now said that she doesn't want to live up here and she now wants to live with her mother. She is telling me that now, not only is she and my son not moving up here, but now I am not going to be able to ever see my son unless I go down there. She is telling me this because I will have to put my son into daycare while I'm at work. I just need to know if what she is saying is possible, and I also need to know if I should go ahead and see an attorney now, even before I have a place to live. Please let me know! thanks,	Family Questions	Florida
Can I tell the judge that I do not need my husband to pay child support if he is in Brazil in the jungle? I am trying to get a divorce. Can I tell the judge that I do not need my husband to pay child support if he is in Brazil in the jungle?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Do I have visitation rights if I live in OH and my grandchildren live in FL? I live in Ohio. My grandchildren live in FL. Do I have visitation rights?	Family Questions	Texas
Question about a car accident that my lawyer hasn&#39;t settled yet? I was in a car accident June 2011.  A lady rear-ended me while I was waiting to turn into a parking lot.  I hired Jerry Jacobson to represent me and as of this date, nothing has been settled.  It's been nearly a year since I hire Jacobson's office.  I have yet to speak with him on the phone or in person.  I send emails and leave messages for his assistant or him and rarely get a response.  Back in April 2011, they said AAA kept asking for extensions.  I don't know why since they've had all my medical bills, car repair bills, etc since January 2011.  Is this normal?  I'm at my wits end with frustration with this attorney and how unprofessional he is.	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can a collection agency send a 1099c form to the IRS to collect a debt from 11 yrs ago? Can a collection agency send a 1099c form to the IRS to collect a debt from 11 yrs ago?	Consumer Questions	Texas
Question regarding splitting property of my late father to myself and my 2 brothers? My father died and left his property to myself and my 2 brothers. One brother wants 1/3 of the value, the other brother wants to keep the house and I want to sign over my share to the brother who wants the home. How does this work?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can the probate lawyer include the estimated value of the home in his fee calculation? Can the probate lawyer include the estimated value of the home in his fee calculation?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Hostile environment if a supervisor is using progressive disciplinary on certain employees? if a supervisor on the job is using progressive disciplinary on certain employees and not on others is that something that can be considered a hostile environment?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What do I have to do if I want to invite an underage nephew to visit me in the United States? I'm a US citizen and I want to invite an underage nephew to visit me in the United States. What legal papers I have to get?	Family Questions	Illinois
What does the father have to do to gain full custody? If 2 parents are divorced and the child lives with mother but wants to live father and the mother is letting the child live with father what does the father have to do to gain full custody?	Family Questions	Florida
What steps do we need to take to be the legal guardian in case of accident and the dad is in jail? My sister is a single mom, father is in jail and has no ties to the child. I want her to make my parents and myself legal guardian if anything was to happen to her. What steps do we need to take?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can I take my ex to small claims if I pay that year and he&#39;s responsible for any back taxes? I am divorced. On my divorce decree it states that my ex is responsible for any back taxes.  The IRS is coming after me for a year that we filed joint but i was injured spouse.  Can I take him to small claims if I pay that year?	Family Questions	Florida
If I pay child support for 2 kids do I have the right to claim 1 of them each year on my taxes? If I pay child support for 2 kids do I have the right to claim 1 of them each year on my taxes?	Family Questions	Indiana
If we end up in foreclosure would we be held responsible for any loss incurred by the bank? My husband and I purchased our condo 7 years ago for $240,000, zero down.  We have 2 mortgages, both with adjustable rates.  Our home is now worth around $200,000.  Our second mortgage was willing to refinance both loans into one with a fixed rate.  Unfortunately, during this process we discovered that Chase, our first mortgage holder, had sold our mortgage to Deutsche Bank.  As Deutsche Bank is not domestically backed we are not eligible for any refinance options.  Do we have any recourse with Chase?  Also, if we end up in foreclosure would we be held responsible for any loss incurred by the bank or any taxes on the loss?  We live in MA.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
How do I go about getting something that was inherited to me? How do I go about getting something that was inherited to me?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What rights does a landlord have with a tenant who is destroying his house? What rights does a landlord have with a tenant who is destroying his house? Eviction process already started.	Real Estate Questions	California
Situation with my off and on ex who impregnated a girl who lied about her age? I've been in with father of my kids for a little more than ten year. But within the past we been off and on. He got in a relationship with another girl and it lasted about 3 months. She's now lied about her age and about to be pregnant.	Family Questions	Texas
What happens if a custody order is violated? What happens if a custody order is violated?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can mother mail unsigned copy of father&#39;s will? My father passed away with no reading of the will. We were all mailed an unsigned copy of this will from my mother. Is this legal? In this will, it states what all are to receive. There are trains that I purchased and they are wanting me to give them to a nephew. Can they do this?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What happens if condo has 3 year rental restrictions and you rent it? What happens if condo has 3 year rental restrictions and you rent it?	Real Estate Questions	Maryland
Can a lawyer sell my property after all failed attempts on certified mail? Can a lawyer sell my property after all failed attempts on certified mail (4) which I did not sign for or receive? These notices were about my real estate property placed for a public auction.	Real Estate Questions	Texas
True if I&#39;m allowed to move if I&#39;m 17 and pregnant? I'm 17 and pregnant and I have been told I am legally allowed to move. Is this true?	Family Questions	California
Can I find any kind of help in my city to help support my daughter? Hi, I have been married for 10 years. I have a beautiful girl. She is 7 years old. I have been abused mentality for most of the 10 years.  I went to school in 2007 to get a degree so I could support me and my daughter. I finish in 2009 with a dream of getting a good job. Well, unfortunately we got the economic crises and I couldn't find a job. I tried very hard but no luck. I went back to school and I got a CNA license. I start work taking care of senior for a agency.  I still don't make enough to live in my own. My question is: can I find any kind of help in my city ? I live in Fort Myers, FL. Thanks	Family Questions	Florida
Does an employer have to schedule you a starting time but no quitting time? Does an employer have to schedule you a starting time but no quitting time or do they have to schedule both?	Employment Questions	Arizona
Where do I invest my ex&#39;s money and can I take some of it to live on? In my divorce I am getting half of my husbands 401k. I am not sure why I do with that money, I know I have to reinvest it. My place of work does not offer anything so where do I invest it and can I take some of it to live on?	Employment Questions	Indiana
File a complaint against an employer who doesn&#39;t pay their workers? How do you file a complaint with the department of labor against an employer who does not pay his employees after working three straight weeks with only 5 days off.?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Landlord legally raise my rent for the second time in 9 months? i live in NY in a no lease apartment in a private house for six years. The first five years there was no rent increase. in the sixth year the landlord wants to raise my rent for the second time in nine months. Can the landlord do that legally?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How many years will it take to approve my sister&#39;s citizenship? I want to petition my sister who is 40 years old and married from the Philippines. How many years will it take to be approved?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Am I eligible for unemployment payments if I am working a 20-hour work week? I am working a twenty hour work week. Am I eligible for unemployment payments?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can a private school hold back a child with passing grades? Can a private school hold back a child with passing grades?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a motion be filed in a final appeal? This is a criminal matter in Georgia. My friend filed for sentence reduction too late after her final appeal. The judge said he'll verify but hasn't ruled yet. Can she file something like a motion for out of time? I was told this can happen like for instance, consideration not being in the 120 days? She didn't have a lawyer for this request and is representing herself.	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can I have my name removed from this now that I am off the deed and have been off the loan for over a year? My husband and I separated June 2011.  He refinanced our home to JUST his name.  Unfortunately, the deed was never transferred to just his name, as we thought it was.  Recently, he has been in financial trouble with his mortgage so I decided to look in to it just to be safe (I am in the process of buying my own house).  Turns out I was still listed on the Deed.  I saw a lawyer and we filed aQuit Claim Deed samplesampleto transfer the house to just his name - it was completed about a week ago.  I just received a packet in the mail that his house is going into foreclosure and I am listed on the lawsuit.  Can I have my name removed from this now that I am off the deed and have been off the loan for over a year?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
Does the landlord need to give a notice of eviction first if I live with an older handicap lady? I've been residing in the same home for 4 years caring for an older handicap lady. There is no rent. They have given me 30 days to leave. Do they need to give me a notice and then can I file for an extension?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Kentucky
Can my sister subpoena the bank to get statements covering the last 12 months of our late sister&#39;s life? My sister passed away and I was on her banking and checking account as joint owner with survivorship.  I closed the account and took the funds left.   My other sister who is the executive of her estate had her attorney subpoena the bank to get bank statements covering the last 12 months of her life.  Can they legally do that?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What are consequences if I move out of apartment before lease is up? What are consequences if I move out of apartment before lease is up?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How can I change my name to reflect my religious beliefs? How can I change my name to reflect my religious beliefs?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
In the state of Alabama is there a law that requires government owned apartments to change the carpet after a certain period of time?  The carpet in our apartment is literally 25 yrs old and it is causing health problems with my children?	Leasing Questions	Alabama
How do I fight my ex when I am 550 miles away as she is taking me to court for more support? I live in Virginia for almost two years. My ex is taking me back to court for more support in Kentucky where she lives. How do I fight this when I am 550 miles away?	Family Questions	Virginia
If you don&#39;t feel safe in with your parents then can you get emancipated? If you don't feel safe in with your parents then can you get emancipated?	Family Questions	Michigan
Besides obvious negligence in what circumstances can pet dog be taken from you? Besides obvious negligence in what circumstances can pet dog be taken from you?	Family Questions	California
If I purchased a home with someone and they have  abandoned property, what is the fastest and cheapest way to get them off of the deed? I purchased a home with someone.  That person has abandoned property. What is the fastest and cheapest way to get them off of the deed as I am a single mother with limited income?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Should my wife file a police report for being forced against her will at work? My wife was held for 3 hours against her will at her place of employment by her supervisor. She wasn't on the clock. The supervisor has since apologized. Should my wife file a police report?"	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Still liable for the balance if my late husband had a home equity loan in his name only? My late husband had a home equity loan in his name only but I also own the home.  Am I still liable for the balance?	Real Estate Questions	New York
My boyfriend filed contempt of court on his ex due to denial of visitation. She responded in writing that people smoke cigarettes in the home that may endanger her child. Along with this she stated that the girlfriend in the house smokes &quot;pot&quot;.  Which is untrue. Could this be grounds for defamation?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Should I proceed with a lawsuit with the company if I almost choked from one their cookies? Hello I purchased a cookie from a fast food chain and it contained a rubberband inside of it that I nearly choked to death. Should I proceed with a lawsuit? I've also filed a complaint with the company.	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Can I change the notary if my ex only paid me $3000 when I signed a notary when he only gave $4000? I signed a notary paper stating I'll drop child support if he gave me 4000 of the 16,000 owed. Can I change it since he only paid me 3000?	Family Questions	Virginia
Laws for closing a bank account that an online payday loan was deposited into? What are the laws in MI for closing a bank account that an online payday loan was deposited into?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
What do I have to do to make my son leave the property? I live in Ohio.  I let my son & his girlfriend stay in my house so they could get on their feet.  They pay no rent & we have no lease since this was just a favor.  Can I just make them move without notice or what do I have to do to make them leave?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
Is there a law that can prohibit my ex from picking up my daughter without my consent? I have a 13 yr old daughter that lives and resides with me, there is no child custody order through the state of California, but he father picks her up while I'm at work with out my consent. Is there a law that can prohibit him from doing this? Can I call authorities to get her back  without a court order?	Family Questions	California
Is it legal that the employee not get paid for the time (4 hours or more) and travel expenses? I work in the auto repair industry. It is mandatory that we attend ( I-CAR) training after hours, and at our expense. This has been going on for years. Is this legal,that the employee not get paid for the time (4 hours or more) and travel expenses?  And, is there a hole in the labor laws? This is also mandated by the insurance companies. If an employee refuses, they are terminated for not complying.	Employment Questions	Illinois
With a preventative maintenance notice, do they have to give a 24-hour notice? I have just received a "preventative maintenance" notice from my appartment owner that they will be entering my appartment at any time in the next 30 days for inspection. Lakewood CO. I thought they need to give me a 24 hour notice?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
If we have no children can my husband still move and get a divorce? If we have no children can my husband still move and get a divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Louisiana
If court-ordered to turn in after the child support case was closed do you have to turn yourself in? If you were court-ordered to turn yourself in after the child support case was closed do you still have to turn yourself in?	Family Questions	Georgia
How do you file for visitation of minor children? How do you file for visitation of minor children?	Family Questions	Florida
Do I have a case if my house burned down and there was no full disclosure? I bought a house in the state of Virginia and no one disclosed that there was a death 3 years prior to purchase and an electrical fire 2 years prior to purchase. Well my house burnt down in another electrical fire. Do I have a case? What should I do?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Is there is a time limit for a landlord to kick out a tenant with children when it is around winter time? I heard that a tenant can not be kicked out with children around winter time after a certain month. Is that true for PA?	Leasing Questions	Pennsylvania
How much time would you get for non-payment of child support or not showing up for court? How much time would you get for non-payment of child support or not showing up for court?	Family Questions	Michigan
How do we file a report considering a violation of our home&#39;s sale? Our home is for sale and our realtor sent a copy of a residential appraisal report to a family member that does not live here, is not involved in the sale, this violated our financial privacy and wish to report this. How to file a report?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Is a New York State LLC legitimate in terms of partners, operating agreement guidelines, company ownership without fulfilling the publication requirement? Is a New York State LLC legitimate in terms of partners, operating agreement guidelines, company ownership without fulfilling the publication requirement? I have a start up with 2 other partners and limited capital. We would rather not spend money on the publication requirement until we feel that we are ready to conduct business. At this point, we aren't even sure if the company will get to that stage. Thanks.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
What legal rights do domestic partners have? What legal rights do domestic partners have in NY state particularly Suffolk County, Long Island?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
I have a small business. I have always filled taxes jointly with my wife. She is a house wife, 56, but helps me al ot. What do I need to do as far as wages to qualify her for her own Social Security when she reaches 65? I think the way it is now, we would only receive mine. I am 58. Help?	Administrative Law Questions,Tax Questions	South Carolina
How do you go about writing a motion to get reduced time on your sentence for probation revocation? How do you go about writing a motion to get reduced time on your sentence for probation revocation? Or if not a motion then what do you do?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
if there is no lease signed how do you evict someone? if there is no lease signed how do you evict someone?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I have a case for discrimination or forced resignation? I'm currently working as a nuclear medicine technologist full time at a clinic in Illinois. On Monday,  I was informed that I'm being reduced to work only two days per week due to case volume. Prior to the reduction in hours I announced to the staff that I will be retiring within six months. I'm sixty-four years old and I can't afford to be moved to part-time. Currently, I'm grossing $67,000.00 per year and I need every penny prior to retiring. There is another staff member at the St. Louis office that is younger and has less time in the organization. Do I have a case for forced resignation due to the drastic change in my employment status and/or do I have a case for age discrimination?	Employment Questions	New York
Can I get the property I put in my girlfriend&#39;s name back after she dumped me? Can I get the property I put in my girlfriend's name back after she dumped me?	Consumer Questions	California
Legal to exclude the sales department in a voluntary separation program? My employer recently announced a voluntary separation program based on age & years employed.  The communications said nothing about any particular department being excluded.  Have been told by my manager "Sales Dept. is excluded".  Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If you work in a building with no air conditioning and it&#39;s 90 degree in there is it a safe working condition? I was wondering if you work in a building with no air conditioning and it's 90 degree in there is it a safe working condition?	Employment Questions	Indiana
How long do they have before I receive my paycheck if I was terminated? I was terminated from my job today? How long do they have before I receive my paycheck to me?	Employment Questions	Florida
Is an increase of rent by $250 with blame of the market value of the area legal action by the owner? In Phila. Pa. an apartment building has new owners. A long time tenent recieved notice that their rent is increased by $250.00. The owners say that the apartment is the market value of the area. Is this increase a legal action by the owner?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal to take my son from his mother if she neglects to take him to school and is being truant? Is it legal to take my son from his mother if she neglects to take him to school and is being truant? There is no legal custody through the courts. I only pay child support.	Family Questions	Kentucky
If wife abandons and leaves the state do the communal property laws still apply? If wife abandons and leaves the state do the communal property laws still apply in the state of Texas? Thank you.	Family Questions	Florida
Can a landlord make you pay advertorial tax on a rental property? Can a landlord make you pay advertorial tax on a rental property?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How can I go about proving the laptop belongs to me in court if my parents gave it as a gift? I have decided to leave my parent's house. 2 years ago they gave me a laptop as a gift. Now they are saying it never really belonged to me, and that because it was purchased by them they can do whatever they want with it. How can I go about proving the laptop belongs to me in court if need be?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is there any liability to me if my trainer got hurt while training me or showing me an exercise? I am starting in-home personal training sessions.  Is there any liability to me if my trainer got hurt while training me or showing me an exercise?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
On a restraining order, if it has the wrong legal first name &amp; incorrect legal address in it is it valid? On a restraining order, if it has the wrong legal first name & incorrect legal address in it is it valid?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
For my case, do I have the right to hear from a real judge? I went to trail for child support just found out the judge was not a judge but a commissioner going over my records. I do not recall that this commissioner did not tell me that I had the right to a real judge to here my case! By 170.6 don't I have the the right for a judge to hear my case are to have a real judge hear my case?	Commercial Questions	California
Does an employer have to pay employees for training certifications required by the employer? Does an employer in the state of California have to pay employees for training certifications required by the employer?	Employment Questions	Illinois
In the case where a divorced husband is refusing to pay the ex-wife what is due her under the terms of an arbitrated settlement, can she file a lien on the residence still (and now soley) owned by the husband? The husband is selling the home and she fears if it sells, he will take the money and run. None	Family Questions	Texas
A friend-turned-not has egged mine and my girlfriend&#39;s cars, written degrading things on public gas station pumps referencing my phone number and repeatedly contacted me and others after being told not to. What can I do legally to get this guy to stop?	Personal Injury Questions,Privacy Questions	Utah
Do I have a case if a store made a double transaction on my card after I told them that they had already swipe it once already? Do I have a case if a store made a double transaction on my card after I told them that they had already swipe it once already? when I went back the next day they tell me to wait at least three business days and then they would return me my money if not on my card. I waited three days and went back. They told me to wait three more days but I need my money on that third day as the child needs things.	Consumer Questions	Alabama
Does your employer need to give you your last check the day he fires you? Does your employer need to give you your last check the day he fires you?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can my company make me work after my schedule? Can my company make me work after my schedule?	Employment Questions	Florida
Do we have any rights to the house? I  have been renting a house for 10 years now and after the first 3 years the owner stopped coming by to collect rent and was no where to be found for the next 6 years.  he recently showed up with a 3 day notice to pay 15000 or move. We have had to fix and pay for things he was suppose to fix but never did. Does that mean he broke the 12-month lease and do we have any rights to the house?	Real Estate Questions	California
When a spouse dies is the other spouse liable for credit card debt? When a spouse dies is the other spouse liable for credit card debt when only the one that died is on the credit card?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
What can my son do if he has been fired for missing a non-routine round of the dorm before his graduation? My son has worked as a resident adviser for SIU for the last three years. One month before his graduation, he has been fired for missing a non-routine round of the dorm.  He is becoming homeless and without a meal plan.  Has he no right other than to leave his dorm room immediately and begin looking for housing for the next 5 or 6 weeks?Bob Tucker	Employment Questions	Florida
What legal rights do I have if my landlord wants to list their home for sale earlier than what the lease states? What legal rights do I have if my landlord wants to list their home for sale earlier than what the lease states? I do not feel comfortable with this. Please help!!!	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Is the waiver valid if I&#39;m forced to sign? I am being forced to sign a lien waiver in order to receive a badly needed payment. The payment is less than I am owed. Is the waiver valid?	Contract Questions	North Dakota
How do I go about getting permits for owning a monkey? How do I go about getting permits for owning a monkey?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal to require Exempt Employees to give 6 weeks exit notice in Florida? Is it legal to require Exempt Employees to give 6 weeks exit notice in Florida?	Employment Questions	Florida
if in a Contract for deed in NC  can liens be put upon the buyer? if in a Contract for deed in NC  can liens be put upon the buyer?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Legal for a school give negative info that would keep them from getting employment? Is it legal for a school or any organization to give negative information out on one that would keep them from getting employment?	Employment Questions	Texas
Question about bankruptcy? My mother in Georgia wants to leave her home to my brother.  He has financial problems, so it has been suggested that the home be left to his daughter with him having a right of residence until his death. An attorney friend has advised that this right to reside would be considered an asset in case he declares bankruptcy.  Is this true, and if so, is there a way to insure his right to reside in this home without it becoming an issue in a possible bankruptcy?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Question about employment and job elimination? My employer brought me into his office with my supervisor and presented a letter to me saying "as we discussed, I am eliminating your position".  We never ever had that discussion.  That was my first time hearing about my job elimination.  He stated there was not enough work to keep me busy, but he had changed my reporting relationship with a supervisor a couple of years ago, which angered her but he told her to continue to give me work, the only change would be HR issues that would be taken care of by my new supervisor.  The former supervisor stopped giving me work, even when I asked for it.  I asked my new supervisor continuously to let the manager know this was happening.  She said she did, but he let me go anyways.  Do I have a claim?	Employment Questions	New York
How can I find my birth mother if I was born in Brooklyn, New York? How can I find my birth mother if I was born in Brooklyn, New York?	Family Questions	New York
Is the landlord allowed to tell the tenant that there will be another person moving into the house with them? Is the landlord allowed to tell the tenant that there will be another person moving into the house with them?	Real Estate Questions	New York
In Illinois is there a minimum rest time between work shifts before the law is being broken? In Illinois is there a minimum rest time between work shifts before the law is being broken?	Employment Questions	Illinois
If my ex-boyfriend stole my iPad 2, how can I return it back? If My ex-boyfriend stole my iPad 2, how can I return it back?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Is my landlord violating my rights by talking about my eviction at a party last night with a friend of mine? i am wondering if my landlord is violating my rights by talking about my eviction at a party last night with a friend of mine?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
If I&#39;m on salary and can not work for a few weeks, should I still be getting my salary? If I'm on salary and can not work for a few weeks, should I still be getting my salary?	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do if I can&#39;t retrieve any of my belongings from a residence that my ex rented? I have a business partner, and person whom I rented a house with (my ex-boyfriend). I went to the house today with the police (per his violent actions in the past when I attempted to leave him), and they would not let me take hardly any of my legal/business/school/personal papers/belongings from the residence. I have lived at the residence for over a year and a half and everything minus a large portion of the furniture, but the entire outside landscaping ;trees shrubs, vegetable garden- all of it, as well as, all of the border stones and flower beds around the house, in addition to several  gardening tables, and green houses/materials. What am I to do? Please any advice would be most appreciated. This man is stealing all I own- I need help.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can the due date be renegotiated because of our circumstance? A payment schedule was set up to payback unemployment by a specific date, lost job and was unable to make payments for 4 months. Can the due date be renegotiated because of this circumstance?	Family Questions	Florida
Am I able to just get up and leave the state without my ex&#39;s consent in regards to child support? I have 3 children; 2 of which are with another man. There father has not been involved in there life for about a year and a half now. I am the one parent who has full custody of both the children and his visitation is only what is agreed upon between the parties. He does pay 25 dollars a month in child support. I live in the state of new york, so am i able to just get up and leave the state with out his consent?	Family Questions	New York
If a tenant abandoned the premises, could you have the tenant removed from the lease? If two people were on a lease and one of the tenants abandoned the premises, could you have the tenant removed from the lease?	Family Questions	California
Is it possible that I&#39;m entitled to a part of the money tax returns with my ex? My wife and I filed a joint tax return and  feel that I am entitled to part of the money during the divorce. Is that possible?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Down payment on car has not been finalized and can&#39;t receive refund? I put a down payment on a car $4000 cashing February 4, 2012; It was to be financed but the deal has still not been finalized. It's been two and a half months. I've asked for a refund and was told that was not an option. What should I do? Who should I contact?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What is the law regarding purchasing a product, and then the product goes on sale? What is the law regarding purchasing a product, and then the product goes on sale?  I purchased a gas grill from Kmart in Pittsburgh PA on May 26, 2012.  This week, it is on sale for $30 less than what I paid.  Am I entitled to a refund?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Is my work required to give me two paid 15 minute break? I have been working for almost six for a company. Mostly 8-10 hour days. Are they required to give me two paid 15 minute break?	Employment Questions	Florida
How long do I have to pay child support if my son is 19 with no job or school? My son just graduated high school, he is 19, living with his mother and has no job or plans to go to college. How long do I have to pay child support? If he gets a job is there an adjustment to offset his earnings?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can my ex leave the state with our daughter without my permission when we have 50/50 custody? Me and my ex have 50/50 custody of our daughter. He is planning a vacation to Florida in a couple of weeks he wants to take our daughter with him. I was fine with it until he started talking about a couple of job offers he has gotten. Now i am scared he isn't going to bring her back. Can he leave the state with her without my permission?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How much does it cost to change a 3-month-old baby&#39;s name? How much does it cost to change a 3-month-old baby's name?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can my work legally drop my pay and give me an ultimatum of unemployment? I worked at a roofing company for two months and they call me in and tell me they are dropping my pay. They are dropping it from 15 dollars an hour to 13 dollars an hour cause they made a mistake. They told me if I didn't like it, I can quit. Can they legally do that?	Employment Questions	Florida
if my wife has put our marriage in financial ruin can i divorce her &amp; get the house? if my wife has put our marriage in financial ruin with her selfish spending of 250,000 in the last year can i divorce her and get the house due to marital misconduct	Family Questions	Maine
Is it legal for a homeowner to move someone into their home? Is it legal for a home owner to move someone into their home while he has someone else living there without giving any warning or notice?	Real Estate Questions	California
During a separation if the wife moves out of the home, what rights does she have? During a separation if the wife moves out of the home, what rights does she have?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What needs to be established with child visitation rights? In a child visitation rights what needs to be established?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Do I have a case if I have proof? If I have been falsely accused and written up by my project manager on different occasions. And I can prove that I'm being harassed by this individual everyday, do I have a case?	Employment Questions	Iowa
Law that says if there&#39;s hot temperature, the employer cannot make the employee work? Is there a Mass. state law that says if the temperature reaches 95 degrees or higher in the workplace, the employer cannot make the employee work and the employee can go home with the day paid?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Legal to raise a security deposit when resigning an apartment lease? Is it legal to raise a security deposit when resigning an apartment lease?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If I have no income do I still have to file tax returns? If I have no income do I still have to file tax returns?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Maryland
Can I evict grown stepdaughters from my house even though their mother wants them to stay? Can I evict grown stepdaughters from my house even though their mother wants them to stay?	Family Questions	Georgia
Since the father&#39;s rights have been removed can he get into any trouble for contacting his kids? My fiance had his parental rights taken away over ten years ago and has been struggling to figure out whether or not he should contact his children's mother. My question is, since his parental rights have been removed can he get into any trouble if he contacts the children's mother to attempt to have a relationship with his kids?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If I give up my parental rights can I legally be put on child support? If I give up my parental rights can I legally be put on child support?	Family Questions	Georgia
In a child custody agreement, would unemployed mean the same as on disability? In a child custody agreement, would unemployed mean the same as on disability with his work?	Family Questions	Illinois
What do you get paid for when working on a holiday? What do you get paid for when working on a holiday?	Employment Questions	New York
Can my father tell me now if I want to go see my mother? Yes I'm 16 years old and my father has custody of me. My mom has the right to see to see me when I choose. Can my father tell me now if I want to go see her?	Family Questions	Georgia
Is lease binding before signed? If a property manager has not yet signed a lease is it a binding agreement? Or is there a way to get out of it (before they sign)?	Leasing Questions	Michigan
Is a landlord in NY State required to keep the security money in a separate account and is he required to pay interest on that money? Is a landlord in NY State required to keep the security money in a separate account and is he required to pay interest on that money?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Is there a time period they have to give you if your employer wants to automatically make you part-time? What if you work full-time and all the sudden they want to make you work part time? Is there a time period they have to give you?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is it mandatory for a renter from out of state to have a co-signor on the lease? In the city of Madison, Wisconsin, is it mandatory for a renter from out of state to have a co signor on the lease?  My daughter will be a grad student at the University and she is being told we have to co sign on the lease because she has no rental experience in Wisconsin.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What do I need to do to get full legal custody? I brought my son to FL from MN after his father hasn't had contact with us for two years and couldn't find him after my last county court posted an announcement in the newspaper of his last address after a custody issue with my parents. The father has joint legal custody, but a couple when he did see my son it was only once every month or two. He does not have a job or license and still owes back child support and arrears for family services in minnesota. I clearly stated I wasn't denying visitation rights and tried to work out a new plan with the father. What kind of trouble could I get into? Should I speak with an attorney from MN or FL? What do I need to do to get full legal custody?	Family Questions	Florida
If the father signs over parental rights to an adoptive parent, can he still have visitation with the child? If I being the father sign over my parental rights to an adoptive parent (no her biological mom), can I still have visitation with the child and does she keep my last name?	Family Questions	Florida
Does the landlord have to give you 30 days on an eviction notice? Does the landlord have to give you 30 days on an eviction notice?	Real Estate Questions	Arkansas
Can I sue the Father of my kids for one of his properties if he owes me money for child support? Can I sue the Father of my kids for one of his properties if he owes me money for child support?	Family Questions	Florida
Should I accept the divorce but dispute the reason for the divorce? My wife filed for an uncontested divorce in the state of MD. She stated that it was due to me deserting her. I agree with the divorce, however I do not agree with the reason she provided. I had major trust issues with her and when I confronted her regarding them she became living and told me to leave. I complied because I was fed up with her dishonesty. We have been separated for 14 months and we do not have any children or property together. Now that I've provided you with some background information I wanted to know if I should accept the divorce but dispute the reason for the divorce.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
Legal for my work to give me a check for 0.00 and said I owe for vacation time? I just quit my last job. i went in to get my last check (16 hours worked) and they gave me a check for 0.00 and said I owe for my vacation time from December. They give 1 week vacation after 1 year worked. They said that I hadn't "earned" that week of vacation till I work for 2 years.	Employment Questions	Michigan
Is there a way to get back child support owed? My son turns 18 this month I was in prison for 10 years for the last year half. I've been out and paying each month but there was never a state office paying for him while I was locked up my mother helped out is back child support owed?	Family Questions	Georgia
Legal requirements do we need to meet if we plan to hire individuals to work as independent contractors? My small business is planning to hire 2-3 individuals to work as independent contractors. We want to be sure that we meet the requirements under Georgia law, so that these independent contractors cannot, at some future date, claim that they were employees of the company. Please  advise what contracts we should use, and what legal requirements do we need to meet?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Are slingshots legal to carry and/or use within Virginia Beach city limits? Are slingshots legal to carry and/or use within Virginia Beach city limits?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Question regarding options of transfer with different benefits? If I was offered options of:-take a transfer with the company to Asheville, NC with a relocation package that I stated I could not afford to take and was not given another option but to take it.-I would be able to interview with the competition that was taking us over and offered the same pay and only receive my vacation pay.-I would be able to take severance pay with my vacation pay and not be able to interview with either company for 6 months.I personally offered to move in a location that was posted within the company and was denied. Then was docked one of my vacation days that I showed up for work and was sent home due to an injury that was not sustained at work, but re-injured it at work. Paid with my insurance.	Employment Questions	North Carolina
What is the Florida law on working holidays, lunch breaks and rest breaks? What is the Florida law on working holidays, lunch breaks and rest breaks?	Employment Questions	Florida
Am I allowed to own a brand new vehicle like an SUV, or will that negatively effect my SSI eligibility or eliminate my eligibility? I currently receive SSI benefits in Florida due to disability.  I will be receiving an inheritance when the probate of my father's will is complete.  I do not have a drivers license but wish to buy a brand new car with the inheritance proceeds ( I have a friend that will drive me everywhere in my vehicle and wish to buy a new one because it is the only time in my life I can afford one.  Am I allowed to own a brand new vehicle like an SUV, or will that negatively effect my SSI eligibility or eliminate my eligibility?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If I legally separate from my wife, can I have her forced to find her own place to live? I bought my house before I got married.  If I legally separate from my wife, can I have her forced to find her own place to live?	Family Questions	New York
Do I have to keep on paying child support if my daughter is not going to college? My daughter graduated from high school and she is not going to collage. Do I have to keep on paying child support?	Family Questions	New York
Can a police officer notify a parent if the other parent is trying to get his son back that he has custody of? Can a police officer notify one parent if the other parent is trying to get his son back that he has custody of?	Family Questions	Tennessee
If the contract for cell phone service is in someone else&#39;s name but the number on the phone is mine, who does the physical phone belong to? If the contract for cell phone service is in someone else's name but the number on the phone is mine, who does the physical phone belong to? I paid to start the service to both phones and for both phones themselves.	Consumer Questions,Finance Questions	Alabama
Am I able to relocate with my child if offered a better job within the same state? Am I able to relocate with my child if offered a better job within the same state? We were never married.	Family Questions	Michigan
What&#39;s the law about our break time at Ruby Tuesday? I work at Ruby Tuesday in IL and I'm trying to see how we go about breaks. What's the law about our break time at Ruby Tuesday?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Proper way for US citizen if he is leaving the USA for permanent? What is the proper way for US citizen if he is leaving the USA for permanent living in another country?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What to do if there was a bank error that&#39;s affecting us? Bank error in our favor. From what I understand we have two months to resolve the matter which it has not been two months yet. They took my husband's entire paycheck after promising a payment option in good faith. Now we are broke and will have to pay negative fees after being promised that wouldn't happen. We are trying to do the right thing but we feel like we are being robbed. Any advice would be appreciated.	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Am I required to provide paid maternity leave for my employees? I have a small business with less than 10 employees. Am I required to provide paid maternity leave for my employees, and what is the amount of time I need to keep their job open for them? I have an employee getting ready to have a baby and I have not been in this situation prior. I will lose productivity and have to hire a temp. What are my legal obligations to my employee going to maternity leave.	Employment Questions	Florida
How much money can I give as a gift? How much money can I give as a gift?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I change my son&#39;s last name? I want to change my son's last name. His dad has been in his life the whole time. I really don't think I can because I didn't work. How do I change my son's last name without getting his father in trouble?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is my wife entitled to any property if my wife left me? if my wife left me. Is she entitled to any property?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Would like to know if I&#39;ve been married for 8 years and if I&#39;m entitled to alimony? I would like to know if I've been married for 8 years and if I'm entitled to alimony?	Family Questions	Michigan
When I begin the 8/hr week shift, am I eligible to collect unemployment from my unemployment claim? I was collecting unemployment from being laid off from New York State, and have not exhausted my entire benefit.  I have accepted a part-time job (approx 8/hrs week), but will have 12 weeks of full-time training before the 8/hr week shift begins.  When I begin the 8/hr week shift, am I eligible to collect unemployment for the remaining 32 hours from my original unemployment claim?	Employment Questions	New York
Legal if I paid my bill in full but the electric company won&#39;t come to turn it on until next week? I live in Delaware County, PA. We are in the middle of a heat wave. My electric company has turned off my power. I have a child in the house and unfortunately I have no other energy providers in my area. I paid my bill in full but they won't come to turn it on until next week. Is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	District of Columbia
After a mediation for a wrongful termination, what&#39;s considered a standard charge from an attorney? After a mediation settlement for a wrongful termination lawsuit what is considered a max standard percent charge from an attorney?	Employment Questions	California
What do we do if an employee is pregnant and is requesting to work 8 hours whereas she presently works 12 hours? An employee is pregnant and requesting to work 8 hours whereas she presently works 12 hours. We do not have anyone to replace her for those 4 hours. What are our choices?	Employment Questions	New York
Is it possible for a lawsuit for a case that as been dismissed a year ago? Is it possible for a lawsuit for a case that as been dismissed a year ago?	Criminal Questions	New York
Do I owe rent for July 1st? Do I owe rent for July 1st?I moved into an apartment last year in 2011 for a 12 month lease.My move in date was on November 21, 2011 i paid a prorated amount for remaining days of November, and on December 1, 2011 I paid a first month rent, and so on every 1st of the month rent was due. I will be moving cities into new apartment July 6th, 2012. I did not complete my lease but fees were waived because i will be moving into one of their apartment communities in that city. i wanna know if i owe rent on July 1st. Is this correct cause I am confused?The staff at this office said I am to pay rent on July 1st plus prorated amount for July 1st thru the 6th.	Real Estate Questions	Texas
I need help figuring out social security and disability after my parents passed away? I need help. My mother and father passed away with no will. I have bad credit and I never owned a home. Besides that I was injured recently settled out of court. My injures are bad. I need help figuring social security and disability. Please call me 267 8448363 or 2153340656. I called many law offices. I really need to get the ball rolling on this so please respond ASAP. Thank you and have nice day.	Real Estate Questions	New York
What to do if we are trying to sell a car that had a clean carfax, but now shows major accidents? We bought a car from Ford Bakersfield. The carfax was clean.  Now that we trying to sell the car - it shows a major accidents.	Consumer Questions	Missouri
As renters, even though we are Family, do we legally owe Taxes for this property to the Home owner? Hi, My husband and I live in a house which belonged to his Grandmother. She has since passed on and we moved back in to help the family out. Her daughter got the house in her will and she has since also passed. We still live here to help out. Her daughter got the house, when she passed, and still owns it. My husband and I have lived here paying rent, the utilities, and taxes. My question is: as  Renters, even though we are Family (nothing is in mine or my husband's name), do we legally owe Taxes for this property which is ten acres, or is that up to the Homeowner ( which is legally my husbands cousin) which was my husbands aunts daughter? What rights do we have if we decide to leave after living here for so long?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What can I do if Insurance refuses to pay me on my own insurance policy which has been paid up? Insurance Co. refuses to pay me on my own insurance policy which has been paid up many years ago. What can I do about this? This is a life insurance.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Do the grandkids get the benefits if all my late-grandfather&#39;s kids are deadline to? My grandfather passed away and left his kids as beneficiary but all of them are deceased. Do the grandkids get the benefits if all his kids are deadline to?	Wills and Trusts Questions	District of Columbia
Can I divorce my husband while he is incarcerated? I live in the state of Georgia. My husband and I have been married for 1 year and 5 months. My husband has recently been put in jail. We rent the home that we stay in. Can I divorce him while he is incarcerated?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can someone get fired for a bad review on trip adviser? Can someone get fired for a bad review on trip adviser?	Employment Questions	Florida
Automatic rights of an elected Vice President to execute written contracts without specific rights? Is it automatic rights of an elected Vice President of a New Jersey close corporation to execute written contracts in behalf of the corporation without specific rights and duties specifically intended to execute written contracts in behalf of the corporation?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New Jersey
Can I file a claim if I worked for 7 months for a janitor company at 8.25 hourly? Can I file a claim if I worked for 7 months for a janitor company at 8.25 hourly? Do all company have to paid min. wage?	Employment Questions	Illinois
If other side lies about my job termination, is case thrown out? If the other side lied about why I was terminated from a job, wouldn't the case get thrown out?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Indiana
How many days do you suppose to have off every week? How many days do you suppose to have off every week?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Can my fiance&#39;s mother&#39;s children legally stay in our home? My fiance's mother passed.  She has no spouse and no will.  She has three adult children.  One of the children thinks she can live in the house but the other two want her out so they can sell it.  Can she legally stay in the home? What can be done to get her out?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What to do if my ex isn&#39;t letting me see my son when we didn&#39;t have a written agreement? My 10-year-old son lives in PA and I live in CA. The father and I share him but it's a mutual verbal agreement with nothing in paper that he lives with his father during school and me for the summer. No custody as we just separated and agreed. Now I bought his plane ticket and 48 hours before the flight his father was getting upset and coming up with random answers as to why he wasn't coming. Now he has my son and not wanting to come but he has missed his flight anyway. He used absurd language in front of him including racial comments and I am a member of the Comanche tribe. I heard about ICWA but I don't know if that will help me but I don't know where to start. Do I file here in CA or PA and how would I get something done the fastest? please help.	Family Questions	California
Legal if I&#39;ve been working for a year and have been given no time off for sick time or vacation time? My employer is in Aurora Colorado. I've been working for a year and have been given no time off with pay for sick time or vacation time. is this legal?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Am I entitled to any of this fundraising money if my husband was injured in an accident? My husband was injured in an accident while we were together.  He separated shortly after his recovery.  We are still legally married.  his friends are having a benefit this weekend to help raise money for him.  Am I entitled to any of this money?	Family Questions	Illinois
How long does a employer have to pay you after you quit? How long does a employer have to pay you after you quit?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What can i do if I replied to an online work at home ad and think it is a scam in some way? I recently replied to an online work at home ad and think it is a scam in some way. The company appears to be using me for a surfing or laundering scam. I have received a payment through my paypal account and now they want me to transfer the money through western union. I have not done so yet because i just want to send the money back to them get my self out of it. What can I do?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Can someone now give you a job because you don&#39;t speak a certain language? Can someone now give you a job because you don't speak a certain language?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What do I do if I put in two complaints about wrongful treatment and my position was terminated? I put in two complaints about wrongful treatment and my position was terminated.  I was demanded to work overtime not asked.  I was told I had to punch out for one hour lunch even if I did not take it.  When I did not punch out for them my supervisor took the hour out any way.  I had to obtain authorizations for MRI/CT acting as the MD NOT a facility.  This is illegal!  I was insulted several times and after I reported it for a second time I was terminated.  What am I to do?  Is there a free attorney who can help?  Thank you.	Employment Questions	Florida
Why do I have to have guardianship of my son who is 18 now and on medicare because he&#39;s medically needy? Why do I have to have guardianship of my son who was 17 and became medically needy and unable to take care of himself or any daily task? He is 18 now and on medicare.	Family Questions	Florida
How do I get my son if they father refuses to give him back when we have equal parenting rights? Yesterday, my son was taken from me by his father whom I have separated from about a month ago. We were never married but he is on his birth certification. I talked with local police and they said since we were not married I was the custodial parent and could go and get him. But seeing as it was very late at night I let him stay the night with his father. Now he is still refusing to give him back. I have heard that we have equal parenting rights and can not make him give him back despite what the officer told me yesterday. This is happening in the state of Illinois. What should I do? I would like to go get my son, but if I call the cops will they really be able to help me?	Family Questions	Illinois
What to do when working with a difficult supervisor? I work for a small company for government contracts. There is a supervisor that works there and harasses me all the time. He has brain splat her spray in my respirator. She's moved my work and when I come back to work to start work I can't find my work.	Employment Questions	Virginia
How do I go about working when I&#39;m okay to work with a cast on my foot? Ok, I bring in my doctor's note saying that I can work and they put me on for 3 days. I went in and clocked in and they told me to clock back out. I was not going to work cause I have a  cast on my foot. How do I go about this?	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do if my bank has been picking away at my social security check? My bank has been picking away at my social security check. I have been too sick to go fight with them. One time i reported it to them and the main person who did my account opening asked me for a 4 digit for my pin. I said am I to do that is that not private. Then when the boss came in and said no one but the person w/pin can. I said she knows my pin then she denied it that she ever know or asked it. Five times I have both called main # in Boston and this bank for monthly recent thru the mail they just out right refuse to let me have it.	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
Does an employer have the right to cut an employee&#39;s wage without notification? Does an employer have the right to cut an employee's wage without notification? I was getting 50 dollars a load for short haul. Then 6 weeks ago the company cut it back to 35 dollars a load without notification. They just did it and for the last 6 weeks they have been shorting my checks.  Do they have the right to do that?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Legal to be living in a Senior complex when the manager has children and no seniors living with her? If you live in a Senior complex in CA and your manager has young children and no seniors living with her, is that legal?	Family Questions	California
How much would it cost to change my last name as I&#39;m 16? I am 16 and want to change my legal last name. What do I have to do and how much would it approximately cost?	Family Questions	Oregon
What are the labor laws on lunch breaks? What are the labor laws on lunch breaks? I work for a company that does not give a lunch break.	Employment Questions	New York
What would it take for me to get emancipated if I&#39;m 15? I am 15 years old. I was wondering what it would take for me to get emancipated in the state of Colorado?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can I apply for visitation for my grandchildren? I need a free lawyer. Can I apply for visitation for my grandchildren?  I'm a 73-year-old American citizen.	Family Questions	New York
How do I divorce my wife? How do I divorce my wife? We have been separated since 2002 and I don't know where she lives at or anything about her.	Family Questions	Oregon
Unfair union contract positions? Unfair union contract positions?	Employment Questions	California
Is same Sex marriage legal in Florida? Is same Sex marriage legal in Florida?	Family Questions	Florida
Is there a term for re-filing divorce that&#39;s not finalized after 20 years? I found out my divorce from 20yrs ago was never finalized. We are both remarried and need to re-file to finalize. Can this be retro back to original filing date, is there a term for this?	Family Questions	California
What are the laws regarding taking my child away from his father who is a drug addict? My children's father is a drug addict and I wish to move out of Mass. What are the laws regarding this? He has stolen from everyone and I just got evicted.	Family Questions	Texas
How should I handle if my wife had an affair had I have proof? My wife has had an affair off and on for 3 years. Now, I have phone records and letters  most recently photos of a trip to new york on our anniversary.	Family Questions	Georgia
What&#39;s the regulation on overtime hours? A full time employee worked 32 hours with regular time then worked holiday and was paid 12 hours for holiday with 8 regular hours. 4 hours overtime at time and a half and paid bi-weekly stub showed 80 regular hours and 4 hours overtime at time and a half. Is this the law in Kentucky? Thank you for a response. I am employed  as a city employee.	Employment Questions	Kentucky
What are our rights if we were scammed on a rental property? We were scammed on a rental property. What are our rights?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is a person that is with another person for four years common law or is it ten years? Is a person that is with another person for four years common law or is it ten years? A friend said it is one year and that makes it common law. I say she is wrong.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Is a will legal if it is drawn up on-line? Is a will legal if it is drawn up on-line?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Kansas
What to do when our Mother died 6 years ago and one of her sons won&#39;t come forward to receive his money? Our Mother died 6 years ago and one of her sons will not come forward to receive his money. What do we do next?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How do I go by getting a divorce for cheaper? How do I go by getting a divorce for cheaper? I really need to get away from this man.	Family Questions	Georgia
Can I sue college for fraud? I've been attending graduate school for 3 years. During my initial student orientation, my cohort was told specific things regarding the school; educational programs, student services and total cost of attendance. Almost everything we were told were lies. The school has placed students in hostile work environments, no clinical supervision or administrative support. We informed administration of these issues but they  threaten students academically as a means of keeping them quiet. Can I file a lawsuit against the school for fraud?	Consumer Questions	California
Is it legal for a property manager to share financial information I provide on an application with anyone they desire? Is it legal for a property manager/landlord to share financial information I provide on an application with anyone they desire?  I shared that I filed chapter 7. My concern is that they spread that locally and cause embarrassment.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What do we do if the cops harass us for throwing a cigarette out the window when we didn&#39;t? Someone calls and turns you in for possibly throwing a cigarette out the window. A cop pulls us over in an other county and says she had a report of cigarette being thrown from window and she isn't leaving tell we confess. We didn't throw anything out but she made us confess. What do we do?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Can I receive health benefits from an employer after receiving a liver transplant? Can I receive health benefits from an employer after receiving a liver transplant?	Personal Injury Questions	New Jersey
Do I have to file for custody to regain my daughter? I am the mother of the child and i would like to regain physical custody of my child, who is living with her father due to an agreement we both made on a temporary basis. the courts are not involved. Do I have to file for custody to regain my daughter?	Family Questions	New York
What are the laws obtaining when the court keeps me me away from my child until she&#39;s 18? I was in a custody battle and the courts finally said my child can stay with my dad and court papers say visitations and phone calls still need to happen but nothing after my child turn 18. Can they keep me from seeing my child after she's 18 for any reason? So far, no court order after she's 18 and no restraining order. What are the laws obtaining to my question because it's been a bad battle and I want no problems?	Family Questions	Minnesota
What are the state laws for divorce in FL? What are the state laws for divorce in FL? How can I get access to the paper work I would need?	Family Questions	North Carolina
What do I do if I haven&#39;t received my first week&#39;s check? I am going on week 4 of working for a temp service that pays weekly and I haven't received my first week check. What do I do? They tell me they input my SSN for a man and that's why I am having problems.	Employment Questions	California
Do I get paid while at  physical therapy from a work injury in California? Do I get paid while at  physical therapy from a work injury in California?	Family Questions	California
Do I at least have 1 day off if my boss asked me to work 7 days cause the total hour require is 28 hours? I got hired for part time and I'm required to do four hour a day. My boss asked me to work seven days cause the total hour require is 28 hours. Do I at least have one day off?	Employment Questions	California
Should i get paid time and a half for shifts worked less than 8 hours period between them? Should i get paid time and a half for shifts worked less than 8 hours period between them?	Employment Questions	Nevada
Can it be done if I wanted to have the cosigner&#39;s name removed from my file and release them from any financial responsibility? I had a Sallie Mae loan for a private college-Brooks college in Sunnyvale. This has since shut down. My question is, I had a cosigner for a loan they had. Supposedly I have 5 different loans. I am unable to get access the the promissory note and have been unsuccessful to obtain them. I wanted to have this cosigner's name removed from my file and release them from any financial responsibility how could this be done? Please advise.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is it in best interest to plead guilty or non guilty? Is it in a persons best interest to plead guilty or not guilty of a crime which she or he may or may not have committed?	Criminal Questions	California
If mother of child moves them away to another state, who is responsible for the transportation to see the father if parents were never married? In NY, family law if mother of child moves child away to another state, who is responsible for child's transportation to see the father if parents were never married?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How many hours can you work one day? How many hours can you work one day?	Employment Questions	Florida
Is there a statute in NY on astro turfing? Is there a statute in NY on astro turfing?	Employment Questions	New York
Is an employee financially liable for error and omission? Is an employee financially liable for error and omission?	Employment Questions	New York
Can union choose it&#39;s members? Can a union pick or choose its members?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Legal to be working 8 hours and only credited for 7.5 with no lunch or break? Ii work 8 hours a day without a break or a lunch break.  We work 8 hours and getting payed for 7.5.  I know this is wrong, but what can I do about it?	Employment Questions	Illinois
At what age do I stop paying child support in Florida? At what age do I stop paying child support in Florida?	Family Questions	Florida
Am I liable if I&#39;m named in a lawsuit with my company in an auto accident? I'm named in a lawsuit with my company in an auto accident. My company is paying the legal cost and assuming responsibility. Am I liable to?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
How do we put the car in my wife&#39;s name or obtain some kind of power of attorney if my mother has cancer? My mother is sick with cancer and she does not have long to live. All she has is a car and she gave the car to my wife. We lost the title and she is unable to get out to get one. How do we put the car in my wife's name or obtain some kind of power of attorney?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Does estate pay for adding date of death to headstone? Is a date of death added to a stone considered final expenses to be paid out of an estate? My sister refuses to have the estate pay for this. I feel that since my mother had purchased the stone and had her date of birth put on it, that her intent was to have her DOD added after her death.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
What precautions should you take if you are separating from your spouse and moving out of state with your minor children? What precautions should you take if you are separating from your spouse and moving out of state with your minor children?	Family Questions	California
If I&#39;m in disability and low income, can I get free legal advice for CPS, FOC, and a lawsuit? I'm in disability and low income. Can I get free legal advice and representation for CPS, FOC, and making a lawsuit?	Family Questions	Michigan
What can I do to force a sale from my former girlfriend? I purchased a home with my girlfriend about 10 years ago. The house is paid for in full with just a $2,500 dollar home equity line on it. She won't pay half the property taxes, ground rent, or water bill. The house is losing value, because I refuse to invest anymore money in it.She offered to sell her half of the property to me, and changed her mind after I paid for the appraisal. What can I do to force a sale?She moved out for 4 months then moved back in after she declined half of the appraised value. We both are residing in the residence.	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Child support question regarding father wanting to take our daughter&#39;s money? I have had custody of my daughter for 18 years of her life. When she turned 18 her father, who owes several years of back support to me, offered her a car if she moved with him.  She did so and he immediately took me to court for child support.  I had already set up that my daughter receives money directly from my pay to her account while in college and the courts made it a support order for me. Her father is now wants to take her to court to get that money.  Can he legally take it?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Is my wife entitled to half my business? I am an independent contractor with only a sole proprietor for business purposes.  After taxes and expenses my income is only half of my 1099 income (about $35,000). Can my working wife get half of my business? I am a courier and she's a flight attendant actually making about the same as me if not more.	Family Questions	Illinois
Question about missing days on the 90 days of the probationary period? I got fired because of missing too many days within the first 90 days of the probationary period. I told them I had court before they hired me and I missed a total of four days and two of them were for court. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Legal if you are signed a certain salary and get paid less? If you are hired and sign a piece of paper stating your starting pay was 11.80 an hour and end up being paid less than that is that legal?	Employment Questions	Florida
Am I entitled to keep the things my ex hasn&#39;t picked up in 3 months? My ex-boyfriend left a TC entertainment center and a bed at my apartment. He is not on the lease or anything. Now am I entitled to keep these things? He hasn't been there in like 3 months.	Family Questions	Iowa
If it has been 40 days and I have someone who wants to rent, can I move the previous furniture? A tenant moved out and left furniture behind. Several attempts have been made to get them to remove it so rental unit can be re-rented. It has been 40 days and I have someone who wants to rent it can I move it out	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
If you were driving a vehicle and you lied to police officer about who you are what is the punishment? if you were driving a vehicle and you lied to police officer about who you are what is the punishment?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
My ex-employer told her worker to call me today after I was at her store that i was never allowed to come to her store again for no reason. Is she allowed to do that?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
In the state of Iowa, does biological children (over 18 years of age) have a claim to their father&#39;s estate if their names were omitted from his last will &amp; testament?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Oklahoma
Can a landlord charge 25 dollars a day late fee? Can a landlord charge 25 dollars a day late fee? And if rent is due on the 15 the of every month, is it right not to have a five day grace period?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I take a tax loss for the Notes? I settled a lawsuit last year and got Notes representing money owed as part of the Settlement. Until April of 2011 it looked like the Notes might be paid in full or in part. In May of 2011 the person who gave me the Notes died. His files containing the Notes, proof of debt , etc, disappeared. So the person who drafted the Notes and signed the Notes won't pay. Can I take a tax loss for the Notes? What other facts matter in making this decision?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How long can employees be in building with no running water? How long can employees be in building with no running water?	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal that your company doesn&#39;t have to give you your paystubs? We live in Florida....is it legal that your company doesn't have to give you your paystubs? Is it also legal for them to charge you $25.00 to cut you your paycheck?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I amend our original court order to include our son&#39;s father to cut our son&#39;s hair? My son's father is a barber. Can I amend our original court order to include him to cut our son's hair?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Louisiana
Do I have to give up my greencard or 2 other citizenship if I want to become an American citizen? If I have a green card and 2 other citizenships and I want to become an American citizen, do I have to give up the other 2? (the other 2 are Israeli and Hungarian)	Immigration Questions	New Hampshire
Where can I find my documents to my child visitation/support filed in New Mexico? Where can I find my documents to my child visitation/support filed in New Mexico?	Family Questions	New Mexico
Can I use ex&#39;s girlfriend for leaving me in my case? I have been going through a divorce now for about eight months and can I use him leaving me for his girlfriend in our case?	Family Questions	Missouri
If I owe child support and arrears could child support take all of my social disability back pay settlement? I won a social security disability back pay settlement. I owe child support and arrears could child support take it all?	Personal Injury Questions	Alabama
How much does a trustee get paid for the work that is done to sell a home and distribute assets? How much does a trustee get paid for the work that is done to sell a home and distribute assets?  Is it a certain percentage of the total money before bills are paid?  Or after?	Family Questions	California
Can I sue phone company for breach of contract? Can I sue the phone company for breach of contract? Got the bundle package in Sept of 2010 for 1yr. They have since bundled my package 3 more times within that year saying the other one was over. Sept 2010 to April 2011 is not 1 year and the bills are always wrong.	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Is inheritance considered unearned income when it comes to social security benefits? I am 56 years old and receive social security disability benefits.  If i receive an inheritance in the form of a trust fund, will that effect my social security disability benefits?  Is that considered unearned income?	Consumer Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions	Louisiana
What do I need to do to become legal guardian of my goddaughter? I'm interested in becoming legal guardian of my 8-year-old goddaughter. What do I need to do to make that happen?	Family Questions	Missouri
Does the father have rights if the baby has his last name but he&#39;s not on the birth certificate? If a couple is not married in Pennsvylania, the baby has the father's last name, but he is not on the birth certificate. Does he have any legal rights?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How can an employer but on pay administrative leave for he say she say? How can an employer but on pay administrative leave for he say she say?	Employment Questions	California
Does Title Insurance protect the purchaser of the home from future issues caused by a missed lien? Does Title Insurance protect the purchaser of the home from future issues caused by a missed lien?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can I get my nursing license after getting my felony charges expunged? Can I get my nursing license after getting my felony charges expunged?	Employment Questions	Arkansas
Where can I get child support papers showing awards by the courts? Where can I get child support papers showing awards by the courts?	Family Questions	California
How does the education law 154 affect me when I have 15 years of work experience as a Social Worker? I received my MSW from Columbia University in 1998. I have about 15 years of work experience as a Social Worker. How does the education law 154 affect me? Also the special provision dated June 18th 2012?	Employment Questions	New York
Can the landlord turn off the electric when the lease agreement states it is the tenant&#39;s responsibility? Can the landlord turn off the electric when therental lease agreementstates it is the tenant's responsible, verbal agreement to turn on electric for one month only?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What are my rights when my car is repossessed? What are my rights when my car is repossessed?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
If someone bought a lot of land 19 years ago or more in Ohio, and they did not review their contract or understand what mineral rights they had or didn&#39;t have, can they now come forward and demand payment for mineral rights that were not implicitly implied?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
What legal issues should I know about in regards with insemination and the donor and child? I have a known sperm donor and I will be inseminating sometime this month. Do you know what legal things I will need to do to make sure that there is no issues in the future with the donor and my child?	Family Questions	California
What is the statue of limitation for collecting on medical bills? What is the statue of limitation for collecting on medical bills?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
Is it legal if I am on maternity leave and my company said I cannot return until they find a place for me? I am a store manager for dollar general on maternity/fmla leave.  I am scheduled to go back to work 4/11/12 and my company is telling me I can not return this week because they hired someone to replace me at my location.  They said I have to wait to return the following week so they can find somewhere to put me. Is this legal and why should I lose pay waiting?	Employment Questions	New York
How does one get a court order for a DNA paternity test done on an inmate? How does one get a court order for a DNA paternity test done on an inmate in the Hillsborough County, FL Falkenberg jail?  What forms are required?	Family Questions	Florida
Do sports organization have the right to censor news or media organizations from coming into the venue? Do sports organization have the right to censor news or media organizations from coming into the venue?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
How do I get a general warantee deed if I plan to buy a house that has been forfeited for taxes? I plan to buy a house that has been forfeited for taxes in SC.  How do I get a general warantee deed?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Does my landlord have to take me to court and legalize a demand for possession? My landlord gave me a demand for possession paper and says I have to be out tonight. Does he not have to take me to court and legalize this? He gave it to me last week and I told him he broke the lease agreement so I didn't pay him.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What to do when my employer won&#39;t pay for training and says it was part of my orientation 3 years ago? My place of employment says they will not pay me for training and this is the 4th time. I have had to drive there for training and they say it was supposed to be part of my orientation when I got hired in three years ago.	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Do I have to pay rent if my landlord neglects to fix an apartment problem? My landlord has neglected to fix a leaky bathroom ceiling for six months. The board of health was called but 5 days later my ceiling collapsed. I have a 9 month old in this apartment and I believe there is mold in the ceiling where there is a hole. Do I have to pay him rent on the 1st or can I use the rent to put me and my family in a hotel?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Does my job have to pay me overtime for the 8 hours on my long week? Hello there. I am a shift supervisor. I work 12-hour shifts and I get paid salary every 2 weeks. One week, I worked 36 hours and the other I have been working 48. Does my job have to pay me overtime for the 8 hours on my long week? I work in a paper mill in Florida.	Employment Questions	Florida
How can I fix my father&#39;s false claim? My father claimed somewhere that I am an incompassitated adult that he cares for and ruining my chances for college grants. I do not know or ever have lived with my father except for staying with him for four months in 2009. Since then I called the IRS and they said he signed something saying I am incompassitated, how can I fix this?	Criminal Questions	California
What will happen when you steal 120 dollars worth of lottery tickets? What will happen when you steal 120 dollars wroth of lottery tickets? What will happen if found guilty and the person has no criminal record?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
How many garnishments can come out of your pay check and what is the max percentage? How many garnishments can come out of your pay check and what is the max percentage that can be garnished at one time?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
Can I be forced to do a paternity test and child support if I just found out that I fathered a child? I just found out I may have fathered a child 16 years ago and believe another man signed the birth certificate . Can I be forced to do a paternity test and or child support? thanks	Family Questions	Louisiana
Anyway to block garnishment of funds? My wife and I have creditors trying to get paid for defaulted loans. I just received a letter that the funds in my wife's mothers savings account have been garnished. My mother-in-law has my wife's name on the account but none of the money is ours. Is there any way to block the garnishment of the funds?	Consumer Questions	Florida
If my lease says no pets, would a fish tank count as a pet? If my lease says no pets, would a fish tank count as a pet?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
if my landlord lies to court that I owe him back rent and I can prove he is lying, can I sue him? if my landlord lies to court that I owe him back rent and I can prove he is lying, can I sue him?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What forms do I need to do an adult child adoption? What forms do I need to do an adult child adoption?  She wants to be adopted by us and we know it can be done, however we can not find the forms for NY? Can you help us find them and how long does it take?	Family Questions	New York
What can I expect if I give custody of my son to his father? What can I expect if I give custody of my son to his father?	Family Questions	Illinois
Co-signed grandson&#39;s apartment and cannot pay rent. I co-signed for an apartment so my grandson could go to college. My son told me he would be responsible to pay the rent. Since then, my grandson cannot pay the rent and apparetly my son can't either. I have since retired and I certainly can't. What should I do?	Leasing Questions	Florida
Can I cancel the policy and get cash for bills if I&#39;m a U.S. veteran? I'm a U.S. veteran and I have a sgli insurance policy. Can I cancel the policy and get cash for bills?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
If switching positions, will I retain incentives earned at previous position? I was informed today at work that beginning Monday I would be assigned to another position within the company, with a new lower salary, and with no incentive package.  My current position has an annual incentive package, which I earned at the end of every year.  Should I expect a 9 month incentive?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Am I still eligible to file a slow pay motion with the courts? Hi I am looking at being garnished from a apartment we lived in. My question is they had taken me to court and a judgment was entered against me. They worked a deal out with me that i could pay 150 a month without being garnished. But those payments ended up being to high and i fell behind 1 month. Am i still eligible to file a slow pay motion with the courts?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
How do you get child support from the Veteran Affairs? How do you get child support from the Veteran Affairs?	Family Questions	Alabama
In the state of West Virginia can you get fired for refusing to work overtime? In the state of West Virginia can you get fired for refusing to work overtime?	Employment Questions	West Virginia
Question regarding child abandonment? Hello, I am the father of a soon to be 4-year-old. I was never married to his mother, and have had physical custody for a little more than 6 months. She has not provided any support, and has made sparing/erratic phone calls.  This is not the first time this has happened, and as much as I want her to be a good mom I feel the unsteadiness is not good for my son. I'm not really sure where to start, and I'm not sure if this constitutes child abandonment. Any advice is appreciated. Thank u.	Family Questions	Michigan
Which corporation needs an attorney to evict tenant from property: S Corp, C Corp or LLC? Which corporation needs an attorney to evict tenant from property: S Corp, C Corp or LLC?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If in Texas, someone has an injunction and is not to contact their exhusband but contacts the wife&#39;s work and pastor. Does this violate the injunction and if so what penalties could be enforced? Is this considered a misdemeanor or felony at all? None	Criminal Questions	Texas
How can I fight my Home Owners Association if they are over zealous and bullying me? How can I fight my Home Owners Association if they are over zealous and bullying me?	Real Estate Questions	California
If I have my daughter the majority of the time do I pay child support? If I have my daughter the majority of the time do I pay child support?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a landlord change the lease after 7 months causing the tenant to be responsible for paying water? In new Mexico can a landlord change the lease after 7 months causing the tenant to be responsible for paying water in the future?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Arizona
Can trustee and beneficiary be same entity in new deed of trust? In California for a new deed of trust, can the trustee be the same entity as the Beneficiary?	Real Estate Questions	California
How do I find the best divorce lawyer in Lee County, Illinois? How do I find the best divorce lawyer in Lee County, Illinois?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Can I get a divorce without my husband&#39;s consent?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the definition of shoplifting in Arkansas? What is the definition of shoplifting in Arkansas?Is it outright put in your pocket stealing or is changing the price on an item also shoplifting?Thanks	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
How to proceed with personal injury case? Negligent landlords who fail to repair property which results in the injury of a tenant. How to process further?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Can family divide mother&#39;s trust money without lawyer? Family hired a legal firm (paid $10,000 retainer) to set up a family trust and begin paperwork required to qualify my mother for Medicaid, in case she ran out of money and required nursing home care.  Mom has passed. Can we divide the trust money ourselves or do we need to go through the lawyer?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can I change my son&#39;s name without his father&#39;s consent or without hiring a lawyer? Can I change my son's name without his father's consent or without hiring a lawyer? He is not on the birth certificate but we have established paternity. he currently does not pay child support and no visitation.	Family Questions	Alabama
How can my wife collect child support, if there wasn&#39;t no court receive to me? How can my wife collect child support, if there wasn't no court receive to me?	Family Questions	Maryland
What should I look for in hiring a divorce lawyer in Florida (father of 2 - ages 6 and 4)? What should I look for in hiring a divorce lawyer in Florida (father of 2 - ages 6 and 4)?	Family Questions	Florida
What corporate veil piercing theories apply in Texas? What corporate veil piercing theories apply in Texas?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Texas
Will it affect my claim against me if I have a civil debt hearing and it&#39;s in my name and I&#39;m on SSI disability? I have civil debt hearing in Arizona. The debt is in my name. I am on SSI disability, Will this affect or dismiss the claim against me? My wife works but makes less than our monthly bills are. Thank You	Consumer Questions	California
What happens if my son was given a ticket for violating curfew? My son was given a ticket for violating curfew. He is 16. What could possibly happen? He has never been in trouble with the law. What should we do?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
What to expect on vehicular theft court date shortly after serving time on felony gun charge? I have a court date on Thursday for taking a vehicle without owner's permission and I just got out of kitsap county jail for my first felon charge of stolen guns. I served 6 months only had to do 4 good time. What am i looking for to happen on Thursday in court?	Administrative Law Questions,Criminal Questions	Washington
Can my landlord&#39;s sister act as my landlord&#39;s attorney and file eviction if she&#39;s actually a nurse? Can my landlord's sister act as my landlord's attorney and file eviction if she's actually a nurse?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Is my boss allowed to tell lies about me? Is my boss allowed to tell lies about me?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How old do you have to be to get emancipated in new york? How old do you have to be to get emancipated in New York?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I give my best friend&#39;s mother temporary guardianship of me until we can get full custody? I'm 16 years old and no longer wish to live with my mother. Can I give my best friend's mother temporary guardianship of me until we can get full custody in court?	Family Questions	New York
How old does my daughter have to be before she can make a decision to live with either of her parents? I have full custody of my 14-year-old daughter. her mother is trying to convince my daughter to move back with her. How old does my daughter have to be before she can make that decision?	Family Questions	New York
If you are listed as a full time employee can they give you less then 32 hrs a week? If you are listed as a full time employee can they give you less then 32 hrs a week?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Question regarding an oil change and tire rotation? I had a oil change and tire rotation on aug 10th and the next morning one of my wheels came off while she was driving down the street.  The shop said they would repair the truck but I don't trust the work I would like to take it else where and have them pay for it.  Do I have any say or rights?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
What to do if I moved in a new apartment, the heat does not work &amp; the landlord does not want to fix it? What to do if I recently moved in a new apartment, the heat does not work & the landlord does not want to fix it?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
If a tenant wants to live out the security deposit they put down, can they do that? If a tenant wants to live out there security deposit they put down when they moved in can they legally do that without repercussions?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
what are the steps for me gaining temporary custody of my grandchild? I would like to know what are the steps for me gaining temporary custody of my grandchild. She lives in Nevada and I am currently living in Atlanta. My grandchild parents are in agreement with me gaining temporary custody.	Family Questions	Georgia
Is there an age cut off on child support? Is there an age cut off on child support (in Massachusetts)?  A friend has been divorces for 16 years and has been paying child support right along.  The "child" will be turning 21 this month & graduating college in May 2013.  Can support be terminated based on age?  What recourse is available to stop support at 21 or upon graduation?Thank you.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Do i still have to pay my ex for a month of child support even if I have them for a week a month? My ex is taking me back to court for more child support. I have them 6 nights and 9 hours a month. Do i still have to pay her for a whole month even though i have them for almost a week a month?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can the custodial parent move a 12-year-old child out of state without  the other parents consent? Can the custodial parent move a 12-year-old child out of state without  the other parents consent?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
If I&#39;m 14 and my parents are getting a divorce, Do I have to live with one on them? I'm 14 and my parents are getting a divorce. Do I have to live with one on them? If not could I move with a friend?	Family Questions	Indiana
Do I have to pay my landlord if repairs are not being done? Do I have to pay my landlord if repairs are not being done?	Real Estate Questions	District of Columbia
Can I obtain guardianship over my daughter who has paranoid schizophrenia? Can I obtain guardianship over my daughter, 50, who has paranoid schizophrenia, has stopped taking her resperdal, and has disappeared in her car?  She has access to her bank account and has federal disability insurance.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Am I going to lose my status as petitioner because  I forgot to include the Acknowledgement of Receipt? I filed papers as Petitioner for Dissolution of Marriage.  I forgot to include the Acknowledgement of Receipt (blank) and a stamped envelope. What can I do now? Am I going to lose my status as petitioner because of this?	Family Questions	California
If you already pay child support for 2 other children separate cases can their support keep increasing? If you already pay child support for 2 other children separate cases can their support keep increasing while you have 3 other kids at home with my wife?	Family Questions	Alabama
How to proceed with my nursing contract hours that are not being met? I was hired for a 32 hour position as a visiting nurse two years ago. But lately they have been not giving me my hours, the census on patients are low and they only are hire per diem nurses.  They won't lay me off and asked me to go per diem. I declined and want to know what to do so I can support my family. They also want me to use my earned time.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
if a Louisiana warrant was presented with the wrong address, is it still valid? if a Louisiana warrant was presented with the wrong address, is it still valid?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
Is there any legal action I can take against the complex for required permits when it&#39;s limited? My apartment complex requires you to purchase a parking permit for every car. There is not enough spaces provided for everyone. Residents are forced to park where ever they can in the lot, unless they pay the additional a$200 a month for a reserved parking space in a garage. The complex has recently started towing cars parked "illegally." They purposefully posted no parking signs in front of otherwise legal parking spots. The curbs are still painted white and the car is not effecting traffic flow. My car has now been towed twice because I arrive home late and there are no available parking spots. I am wondering if there is any legal action I can take against the complex.	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal to go shirtless in a business in VA? Is it legal to go shirtless in a business in VA?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
What are legal process documents? What are legal process documents?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have a chance for review after the final judgment was granted in civil court? Do I have a chance for review after the final judgment was granted in civil court?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
I would like to know how much does it costs to have to pay a lawyer? I would like to know how much does it costs to have to pay a lawyer? Because I'm deaf.. I would explain to you about what happened.	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it illegal to post a student&#39;s picture (under 18) on a school website without written permission from the parents or gaurdians?	Education Questions,Internet Law Questions,Privacy Questions	Texas
True if my lawyer can do nothing if he already gave an uncontested divorce? My divorce was granted on June 2012. My lawyer said he assumed I wanted a uncontested divorce and I didn't want that. He said it's nothing he can do about it now. Is this true?	Family Questions	Virginia
If I take the other position, can they decrease my current pay? I work in Indiana. After completing six months I was given a written warning about my performance.  I have a problem with the way one of my bosses treats me.  I was told when I was given the warning that there was another opening I may be interested in.  My question is if I take the other position, can they decrease my current pay?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Is there any way that the company my kid&#39;s father work for can be forced to put him on the books? I would like to know if there's any way that the company my kid's father work for can be forced to put him on the books? Since April of last year, he's been working at this company off the books and as a result I cannot get child support.	Family Questions	New York
What is the law on stalking? What is the law on stalking?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What penalty will the landlord place on me after 30 days if my in-laws refuse to leave? I live in an apartment with my husband and two children and my mother in law and brother in law have come to stay and will not leave. What penalty will the landlord place on me after 30 days?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Is it legal for my boss to refuse to give me my vacation pay? Is it legal for my boss to refuse to give me my vacation pay? I have been their for over a year and had asked once for it they said they were giving me 90 day probation and that i would not receive my vacation pay.  Is it legal for my boss to take pest control classes for me without my permission?	Employment Questions	Florida
What if I don&#39;t agree with divorce arrangements? What if I don't agree with divorce arrangements?	Family Questions	Washington
Was I under any obligation to pay anymore than what was in the agreement at the time of repossession? my car had a mechanics/artisan lien placed on it for the balance of a 2000.00$ bill. The balance was 500.00$.It was repossessed that night and the following morning i went to the auto shop to pay the bill.I was told that the cost to retrieve my car would now be 850.00. In addition i would have to sign another agreement to that effect or i could not get my car. was i under any legal obligation to pay anymore than what was in the agreement at the time the car was repossessed.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
How many status hirings is too many if I have had 12? How many status hirings is too many if I have had 12?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Once you&#39;re ordered to pay for eviction, can landlord come back &amp; give a letter for more after moved out? Once you go to court and ordered to pay amount for eviction, can landlord come back and give a letter for more money after moved out?	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
If I have full custody of my child does the father still have to pay child support? if I have full custody of my child does the father still have to pay child support?	Family Questions	Virginia
If a defendant and his attorney did not attend trial and we received a default judgement, how can the judge legally hold our judgement and issue a new trial date? If a defendant and his attorney did not attend trial and we received a default judgement, how can the judge legally hold our judgement and issue a new trial date?  The defendant was not ill, and was not in a car accident nor was he hit by a train. He showed up for court an hour and a half later, and said that no one was there.  If he showed up at the time he said, then we were still in court.  How can we find out if this was a clerk's office mistake or if they just did not show up for court?	Consumer Questions	New York
If I was asked to step down, can I file for under employment? I recently was asked to step down from my sales position and was given the option to take on another position that doesn't even pay a third of what I was making. I was told that I could file for under employment, is this true? If so, does this affect my current employer?	Employment Questions	California
Do I have a case if the doctor who gave my mother surgery on her case didn&#39;t find her cancer prior? My mom had back surgery & several months later didn't feel good so she went to the hospital & was diagnosed with cancer. She ended up dying 5 days later! Do you think the doctor who operated on her should have seen she had cancer? Do I have any kind of a case?	Personal Injury Questions	Colorado
If my children&#39;s father is on FMLA, will they still receive their support? If My children receive child support but now their father is on FMLA, will they still receive their support?	Family Questions	Illinois
How can I overcome the gaff system? How can I overcome the gaff system?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Can daughter live with me if ex-wife goes to jail? My ex-wife and my 12 yr old daughter have been living with her parents. My ex-wife has a warrant for her arrest. If she goes to jail, she'll be their for a year. Will I be able to remove my daughter from the house and have my daughter live with me? I live in TX.	Family Questions	Texas
What is the requirement of the seller to notify buyer of someone passing away in the home? What is the requirement of the seller to notify buyer of someone passing away in the home?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can underage kids marry without parent&#39;s consents? Can a 15-year-old girl marry her 16-year-old boyfriend without their parents consents?	Family Questions	Illinois
If I own 2/3 of a house and my brother owns 1/3 what rights do I have for repairs and guests? If I own two-thirds of a house and my brother owns one-third what rights do I have when it comes to repairs and who comes and goes?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How do you find the first union&#39;s pension fund? If a vested union member is seeking their pension but the section that they worked in was obsorbed by a second union then how do you find the first union's pension fund?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Is it possible to file a lawsuit against veteran&#39;s organization? Is it possible to file a lawsuit against veteran's organization?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
How long does a bank have to collect overdraft fees on closed account in Georgia? How long does a bank have to collect overdraft fees on closed account in Georgia?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
If I missed making payments for a truck with a loan from a friend, can they take it? I received a loan for my truck from a friend and they put their name on the title as lien holder. My question is, I missed making some payments so can they come and just take the truck?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Can manager discuss disciplinary actions with others if you are terminated? If you get terminated, is it a violation for a manger to discuss what disciplinary actions were taken or to announce to other associates what just took place?	Employee Benefits Law Questions	Texas
Is my company responsible for the damages to my car? I was in a car accident in my personal vehicle while on company business.  Is my company responsible for the damages to my car?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
What can I do if Directv gave me credit for my losses but I canceled my account? Hi My name is Yineth. I have a account with directv and canceled my services. Now they took money from my checking account without my permit. I called they and they said they will put my money back in 4 days. Now, it's more than 1 month. I received a letter that said that I have that money in credit to my Directv account. But which account if my account was closed since January? I just want my money back. What can I do?	Consumer Questions	District of Columbia
Question regarding my stepson who no longer wants to live with his mother but his grandma instead? My stepson lives with his mother, he is 16 years old. He no longer wants to live with her and was planning on going to his grandmothers. (His mothers mom) Ans his mother told him he had until today to get his stuff out. But now she is saying that she is going to report him as a runaway. She said that he can only stay at his grandmothers for 1 day. Where is the best place for him to go? Without him having to worry about the cops taking him to lockup for being a runaway.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If I put a deposit down for house can the landlord keep my deposit if I decide not to move in? If I put a deposit down for house can the landlord keep my deposit if I decide not to move in?	Family Questions	Georgia
What can I do to regain custody of my 16-year-old daughter? What can I do to regain custody of my 16-year-old daughter?	Family Questions	Georgia
How do you get that great payment history added to your credit report if your lender doesn&#39;t report it? If you bought your home from a private lender and have been making payments on time every week for over 4 years, how do you get that great payment history added to your credit report if your lender doesn't report it?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Do I have to put down information on an application about old workers comp claims? Do I have to put down information on an application about old workers comp claims such as back or any other claims?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
How do we close our Pennsylvania S corporation? We need to close our Pennsylvania S corporation. How do we do this?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Pennsylvania
If I&#39;m 2 months away from being 18 in the state if WA, am I considered an adult or still a minor? If I'm 2 months away from being 18 in the state if WA, am I considered an adult or still a minor?	Family Questions	Washington
Anyway to have the father&#39;s rights revoke without him consenting to it? I recently obtained sole custody of my daughter. Her father has not been in the picture since early august 2011 and has not paid child support since January 2012. Is there any way to have his rights revoked without him consenting to it. I have no way to contact him and haven't been able to for months.	Family Questions	Virginia
How long does a landlord have from the date you notify them of a mold problem to fix it? How long does a landlord have from the date you notify them of a mold problem to fix it?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What forms do I need to fill out for visitation? What forms do I need to fill out for visitation?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How hard is it to prove wrongful termination? How hard is it to prove wrongful termination?	Employment Questions	New York
Landlord required to have apartment painted and cleaned before a new tenant moves in? Is the landlord required to have the apartment painted and professionally cleaned before a new tenant moves in?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
How do I file for sexual harassment? How do I file for sexual harassment?	Employment Questions	California
Am I legally responsible for my late father&#39;s debt? My father passed away last year; I have received a phone call from a debt collector, claiming to be a law firm. They stated that they were investigating fraud, because the email address does not appear to belong to my father-it doesn't. He gave the company my email address because he did not have one. Am I legally responsible for this debt? There was no will, hence no regular estate. I am very concerned about this, if anyone can help. I would be so gracious.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Missouri
Shouldn&#39;t it be referenced if it does not reference the divorce settlement agreement that we notarized? Due to finances, I am not represented by an attorney, although my husband is.  I was served with a divorce complaint that does not reference the divorce settlement agreement that he and I both signed and notarized.  Shouldn't this be referenced in the complaint?  We have already agreed to custody and support.  He has been refusing to pay child support until after the divorce is finalized, and has filed for Chapter 7, so I am nervous that he is trying to pull the wool over my eyes here.  The complaint looks to me like he is asking the court to divide everything.	Family Questions	North Carolina
Is there any way I can get out of a lease? I was supposed to live in a house near my school for the semester, but I have changed my mind on that school and won't be living in the house. The problem is that i already singed the lease. Is there anyway i can get out of it?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I take son to move states if mother and I have joint custody? If my son's mother and I both have joint custody, can I take him with me when I move to another state (job promotion)?  I have him 4 nights week and she has him 3 nights a week.	Family Questions	Delaware
Do I have to give a tenant 30 days notice of eviction when I feel unsafe from her manic blowups? In April I took someone into my house who had just had a nervous breakdown and couldn't stay alone.  She agreed to clean my house for a place to stay.  She is bi-polar and suddenly had a manic blowup over nothing and I could not reason with her.  Since that time she has become hostile and verbally abusive.  I actually do not feel totally safe with her here and have asked her to leave.  She says I have to give her 30 days notice and evict her, even though she pays no rent and contributes nothing to the household.  Is that correct?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What to do if my landlord just sold the complex of where I lived? My landlord just sold the complex where I lived. She failed to mention this when I invested 3000 dollars on my salon plus my time and effort in a bottom space at the same complex where I got  shut down  immediately following the closing sell. I am also enraged because I too live in the upstairs apartment which is currently flooding because of drainage problems in kitchen and bathroom sink is unusable. Nor the current or the old landlord has taken care to fix the problem and have failed to explain why this problem has not been taken care of while demanding rent. What can I do? please help me they have tried to evict me. I also called the cops because of new landlord rude methods of collecting rent. I have lost clients sleep money and self-confidence.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Would it be illegal if I don&#39;t give the money back to the Craigslist buyer when I gave full disclosure? I sold something on Craigslist and before he bought it I told him everything that was wrong with it but now 3 days later he wants his money back. Would it be illegal if I don't give it to him?	Consumer Questions	Florida
My mother stole money from my settlement. How can I settle this? I trusted my mother with my settlement because I was only 17 at the time and she stole $20,000 dollars from me with promises of reimbursement that I have yet to receive and now I need that money to make it on my own. What can I do about it?	Finance Questions	New York
Am I entitled to be reimbursed by the company all federal withheld from paychecks? I claimed exempt on my w4 employee form the company has been taking out federal and no state. They weren't suppose to take out any. Am I entitled to be reimbursed by the company all federal withheld from paychecks for the past 3 months?	Employment Questions	Oregon
is it a good idea to consolidate my credit or will there be repercussions? I just wanted to know if consolidating my credit is a good idea or will there be repercussions? Will my credit suffer if i consolidate?	Consumer Questions	California
Question regarding my sister being charged with simple theft? My sister has been charged with simple theft. She has no priors & has never had to go to court for anything. She has already paid half the restitution & has court on Wed, what should she expect to happen? She has a child at home. Thank you	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
Does it break my contract if I work 12 plus hours without lunch? I am a contacted commission paid. I have been at the same place for Four years. I have had no heat or air conditioning for months. It gets over 110 degree in my room.    I am overbooked and being made to work twelve plus hours without lunch. My contract doesn't talk about these issues. Is this legal? Does it break my contract?	Employment Questions	California
What to do if I signed an 11-month lease but never moved in or the keys and demand that I pay rent/fees? I signed a 11-month lease in Columbia, SC on 6/30/12. I was unable to move in for an unseen reason. I never received the keys. However, they want me to pay 2 months rent,a cancellation fee, and concession fee. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
How can we make my husband&#39;s surgery process go  faster when he&#39;s in jail? my husband is in federal prison he needs surgery. It's been approved but he is still waiting. How can we make this process faster?	Family Questions	California
What is the legal age in PA for a child to choose not to go for visitation with the other parent? What is the legal age in PA for a child to choose not to go for visitation with the other parent that has visitation set up	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What are the part-time labor laws in CO? What are the part-time labor laws in CO?	Employment Questions	Utah
Does West Virginia have legal separation laws? Does West Virginia have legal separation laws?	Family Questions	West Virginia
How do electric cars pay their fair share of fed road use taxes? How do electric cars pay their fair share of fed road use taxes?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Can your obgyn drug test you without you knowing while your pregnant? Can your obgyn drug test you without you knowing while your pregnant?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What to do if I am trying to get my unemployment that turned me down? I am trying to get my unemployment that turned me down and I need a lawyer.	Employment Questions	North Carolina
A family member contracted with a roofing company to put a roof on my home.  The family member is no longer able to handle their own business affairs. Do I as the homeowner have a legal right to take action against the company who done the work because the damage to the house was extensive?	Contract Questions	North Carolina
Management legal violations for not resolving water heater issue in timely manner. My water heater is making loud noises in my apartment. It's really distracting. It was explained to me that this is happening due to hard water and calcium build up in the water heater. Maintenance is taking a long time to resolve this issue. What are the legal violations from management?	Real Estate Questions,Utilities Questions	Indiana
If I&#39;m 17, can I have my child support sent to me instead of my mom? If I'm 17, can I have my child support sent to me instead of my mom?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Question regarding agreement between my ex and I on our child&#39;s visits? Just needed some clarification: my ex husband and I have an agreement on an amount in which he pays a month for our son. He pays on the 1st of the month. Now he is getting our son for the summer on July 10 but he feels he doesn't owe me a payment. I informed him that he is paying for the previous month not the current month. So technically he owes for June which he should have paid on the 1st of July. please advise.	Family Questions	Florida
Do I get my 2 weeks of vacation pay after getting terminated? I got terminated and had 2 weeks of vacation left and did not get paid for it. Am I entitled to it?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
If I want get a divorce in VA, what are the procedures? I want get a divorce in VA. What are the procedures? I don't have money to spend.	Family Questions	Virginia
What are the possibilities she can take her two boys away? I have a brother who is a resident of the United States. He is married to an American through civil. She left the house and left belongings and her two boys with their dad. My brother and her were living in my parents' house. My brother is scared to touch her stuff because he doesn't want her to come and take the kids away from him. But my mother wants to clean the house out but can't because she left a lot here. What can my brother do with her things? And what are the possibilities she can take her two boys away? This has been a year now.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Can I receive PA unemployment compensation for constructed termination if I resigned? Can I receive PA unemployment compensation for constructed termination if I resigned? Pay was cut 16% and hours were cut by 10 hours a month. Position was changed from banker on platform to full time teller.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is &quot;indeterminable&quot; adequate for an answer to length of solicitation? Is "indeterminable" adequate for an answer to length of solicitation?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	Georgia
What is the statue of limitations of a creditor to collect a debt? What is the statue of limitations of a creditor to collect a debt?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
How do you get out of a time share? How do you get out of a time share?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
If a company hires full time, are they required to provide 40 hours of work? If a company hires a full time employee, are they legally required to provide 40 hours of work?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How do I get my son&#39;s father to sign off when not married? In Pennsylvania, How do I get my son's father to sign off when not married?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can someone put a camera pointing at your property? Can someone put a camera pointing at your property?	Real Estate Questions	Arkansas
Way to keep people from taking my money if my husband has child support issues? I recently got married (we live in New York)...after the wedding I found out that he had child support issues (in Florida).  Is there any way to keep people from knocking on my door and taking my money/house??	Family Questions	New York
Can an employer make you take your break while sitting in front of them? Can an employer make you take your break while sitting in front of them?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can my daughter interview at another school while on contract at another? My daughter signed a Teaching contract for 2012-2013 school year in Arizona.  She realized it could be a $2500 charge for breaking this contract.  She has submitted her resume at another school district and will most likely have an interview.  My question is can she interview at another school while on contract at another school? Are there other information we should be aware of?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Maryland
What is the SURCHARGE on a Georgia citation for speeding? What is the SURCHARGE on a Georgia citation for speeding?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
If you try to stop a 911 call, what are the worst consequences? If you try to stop a 911 call, what are the worst consequences?	Family Questions	California
Correct if a collection agency takes over for a company, the company no longer can contact or threaten me? I recently  won a lawsuit against a collection agency that I was sent to by a company. The collection agency violated my rights...the reason for the lawsuit. Even though it was settled I am still receiving threatening letters from the company that sent me to the collection agency, claiming that they will take me to small claims court unless I pay them. Once a collection agency takes over for a company, the company no longer can contact or threaten me...am I right?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
Can I be evicted for trespass warrant? Can I be evicted if I don't sign a criminal trespass warrant, if the person hasn't done anything to me?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Possible for the father to make me pay back any child support from the time she became pregnant? I have legal guardianship of my sister who is 17 years old. Her father petitioned me to terminate the order because she was pregnant and he says now she's officially an adult due to her parental status. And he wants me to pay back any child support from the time she found out she became pregnant. Is this possible?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Law if the father lives in another state that I&#39;d give up my original copy of my birth certificate for CS? is it PA law that if the father lives in another state,  Do I have to give up my original copy of my birth certificate for child support?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my unmarried daughter take her baby out of the state of California away from the father of the baby? Can my unmarried daughter take her baby out of the state of California away from the father of the baby? Paternity has not been established.	Family Questions	California
Okay for the tenant to place the rent money in escrow until the tax ID# is received? There is an existing telecommunication lease in the State of California.  The landlord has sold the property and the new landlord has not provided his tax ID#.  Is it OK for the tenant to place the rent money in escrow until the tax ID# is received?  The lease makes no reference to it.Thanks	Real Estate Questions	California
Legal for my landlord to have internet set up for all apartments with required MAC address? Is it legal for my landlord to have internet set up for all apartments in my building with an internet through Comcast but a friend of his set up the computer and required MAC address? Any other computer I use I have to call him to have him set up that computer using there MAC address.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
We are puchasing a home on contract with the seller financing. We need to pay this month&#39;s payment two weeks late.  No where in our contract does it state that this is not allowed; it only states that this is a late fee.  Can they try and take the home back?	Contract Questions,Finance Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Washington
What does a 2 month offer on a robbery in the 1st mean? What does a 2 month offer on a robbery in the 1st mean?	Criminal Questions	New York
What can I do if my husband doesn&#39;t let me talk to my kids? My husband has the kids and is in different state but he doesn't let me talk to my kids. What can I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my office give away my personal items and company awards to another employee without prior notification to me? I am a sales manager, on a FMLA leave from my job in the state of FLORIDA.   I have just found out that my personal items and company awards were removed from my  desk and office and packed up in a box.  My office has now been given to another employee. Can they do this without prior notification to me.	Employment Questions	Florida
Legal if an employee is on disability, returns and relapses within 14 days? Is it a California state law if an employee is on disability and returns to work and relapses within 14 days? Is it considered a disability?	Employment Questions	California
Is there a legal way to get out of a real estate contract? Is there a legal way to get out of a real estate contract? I was never given a copy of the contract.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I give up temporary guardianship of the niece&#39;s baby if the father shows up? Hello. My niece is in jail and she had her baby there and she gave me temp guardianship. I picked him up from the hospital at three days old and we found the person she said was the father. He took dna test and came back and said he was the father. So what do I do now? He wants to take care of him so do I give the baby to him or what?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can file bankruptcy in Alabama if I have about $20k equity in my house? I was wondering if I can file bankruptcy in Alabama if I have about $20k equity in my house?	Consumer Questions	Alabama
Can my employer make me work 7 days a week? Can my employer make me work 7 days a week?	Employment Questions	Indiana
What can I do if I&#39;ve been illegally locked out from my apt for a month? I've been illegally locked out from my apt for a month. I've taken the landlord to court and they ruled in my favor and I have still been denied access. My medications are in the house and I had to go to the hospital. I can't get the jobs I'm applying for since all my paper work are in the apt. What can I do? I have all my rent receipts. I have written documentation from the court, hospital, and my landlord proving my case.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If I file for a modification of child support, will the court approve it if my ex-husband is incapacitated? I live in Indiana. My divorce was final on Dec 9, 2011. We were talking about getting remarried, but now my ex-husband is in a coma. He will be in my care throughout his recovery. If I file for a modification of child support, will the court approve it if my ex-husband is incapacitated?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
In the case that a higher ranked member of the military issues an order to a subordinate that they must take a promotional exam, would this order hold up in court as a lawful order? In the case that a higher ranked member of the military issues an order to a subordinate that they must take a promotional exam (which is supposed to be optional), would this order hold up in court as a lawful order?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can an employer deduct money for damages from your check? Can an employer deduct money for damages from your check, employee fault or other wise?an employer is keeping time on a calender completely on his own. the employee is keeping time also and the times don't match. the employer is shorting hours. what is the solution?what is the likely payout for such Problems?	Employment Questions	Colorado
If a man has not yet filed for divorce but wants to purchase a home with his future spouse, can the soon to be ex wife try and acquire it in anyway? In Texas, if a man has not yet filed for divorce but wants to purchase a home with his Future spouse, can the soon to be ex wife try and acquire it in anyway?	Family Questions	Texas
What questions to ask on hiring a probate attorney? What questions to ask on hiring a probate attorney?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Property owner has an article of agreement where tentant rents property out. What are the rights that the property owner has when tentant repeadly fails to make payments?  Tentant keeps telling owner he sent the money but hasn&#39;t.	Leasing Questions	Pennsylvania
Are the buyers entitled to the check? I sold a house as a short sale as is.  During the closing an AC system that was not working (buyer was aware it was not working) was stolen.  I filed a police report and told my insurance company the police report claim number.  I never followed up with insurance but they sent me a check for $3000.  The buyer thinks they are entitled to this check.  Are they?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Dentist pulled daughter&#39;s teeth, then informed me of additional cost. My daughter got braces. At the consultation they gave me a final figure for all work. They told me two teeth would need to be pulled. She had the teeth pulled then they informed me I had to pay an additional $300.00! I was shocked. They demanded immediate payment. Do I have to pay?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
Can I move out and get my money back if there are roaches? I just signed a lease and moved in the apartment the same day and found roaches there. Can I move out and get my money back?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Can I dispose of roommate&#39;s belongings if she fails to remove them in time? I sent a certified eviction notice and emailed the notice to a roommate (Tampa, FL) and she did not remove her items by the agreed upon time and was advised in thateviction notice letterthat her things would be disposed of if she did not remove them. Am I legally allowed to dispose of her things?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Will it be a problem with my insurance if my vacant home was broken into? M house was broken into. The house was not occupied for several months. Will this cause a problem with my insurance.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
I live in Ohio. I have three months until i turn eighteen and two weeks ago a huge blowout went down and the police were called and they let me go home with my best friend. My mom wants me back in a week. I wanted to know if there was any way for me to be forced back home?	Family Questions	Ohio
Can my employer average my overtime over two-week pay cycles? Can my employer average my overtime over two-week pay cycles?	Employment Questions	Indiana
How do I start the process for permanent guardianship? How do I start the process for permanent guardianship? My friend is having a baby and wants me to take care of it cause she has some time to do.	Family Questions	Colorado
Am I entitled to back pay if I have filed a motion to have my ex-husband&#39;s salary reviewed but I have not had it reviewed since the divorce 7 years ago? I have filed a motion to have my ex-husband's salary reviewed. I have not had it reviewed since the divorce 7 years ago. Am I entitled to any back pay?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Can I file for divorce without an attorney? I've been married for 4 years, can I file for divorce without an attorney? I live in the state of Oregon.	Family Questions	Oregon
Legal if I had signed my lease in June and paid my rent in July but he refused my lease and evict me soon? I had signed my lease in June and paid my rent in July. I received a letter from landlord dated July 3 received July 9th that the landlord is not going to sign the lease and I need to move by August 5th. Is this legal? Is there anything I can do about this as I'm on a fixed income and can't move by the 5th?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I have a claim against the seller for not disclosing that the existing sewer line the home was attached to was temporary? I purchased a home in 2009 and discovered that I am attached to a temporary sewer line and have to reconnect to the permanent sewer line. This information was not disclosed to me during my purchase or the disclosure statement documents that I acquired then.  Do I have a claim against the seller for not disclosing that the existing sewer line the home was attached to was temporary?	Consumer Questions	Ohio
Do I legally have to sign the form filled out for 2011 and every year after or am I within my right to sign it from year to year from hear on out? My divorce papers say that my ex and I each claim a child for tax purposes for the years 2011 and every subsequent year thereafter and the each party shall execute any forms necessary to evidence said deduction. I have my CPA give me an 8332 tax form that is signed waiving my right for the year 2011 to give my ex. However, he is saying that our settlement says I have to sign the form for 2011 and every year after or I am in breach of our legal settlement. I have agree to sign the form every year. What I want to know is Do I legally have to sign the form filled out for 2011 and every year after or am I within my right to sign it from year to year from hear on out?Thank you for any information you can provide.	Family Questions	Mississippi
What are our rights if we can&#39;t maintain the road since we have the right of way? My neighbors and I share a driveway which is owned by the neighbors in back of us.  When I bought my house 6-1/2 years ago my deed did not have language regarding a right of way.  The neighbors in back are now threatening us and saying we cannot maintain the driveway.  Whenever we have a downpoor, the driveway gets terrible ruts in it.  We have tried to correct this but now they are saying we cannot do this anymore.  What are our rights?  Can't we maintain the road since we have the right of way?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is incarceration for any kind of debt legal in Washington state? In Washington state, is it legal to incarcerate a person for a debt of any kind?	Criminal Questions	Washington
Is it legal for dealership to charge bank fee for loan without paying bank? Is it legal for a car dealership to charge a customer a "bank fee" for a loan but not pay the bank the fee or only a portion of it?	Consumer Questions,Finance Questions	Florida
What are my rights, as a tenant, in AZ when the home I&#39;m renting is foreclosed on?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Arizona
What&#39;s the first step if I&#39;m paying child support but I might not be the father? I been paying child support and there is a strong possibility I'm not the Father. What's the first step?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	South Carolina
Will credit-debt consolidation ruin your credit? Will credit-debt consolidation ruin your credit?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
If I don&#39;t take a lunch break and I work 7 hours can they take 30 minutes anyway? If I don't take a lunch break and I work 7 hours can they take 30 minutes anyway?	Employment Questions	Georgia
As a seller of a house, am I legally bound to accept an offer that meets all of our perimeters? As a seller of a house, am I legally bound to accept an offer that meets all of our perimeters?  We will, but wondering if there is a legal issue here if we don't.  Oregon	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
How do we petition the courts for guardianship of our grandson who has been in our custody for two years? How do we petition the courts for legal guardianship of our six year old grandson who has been in our custody for two years. which forms do we use for the state of North Carolina?	Family Questions	North Carolina
What are our changes of revoking my daughter&#39;s absent father&#39;s rights if he wants to adopt her? Me and my Husband have been together 3 years as of August 10th 2012. We have just gotten married on August 11th 2012. I have two children, one of which comes from a different father. He has not seen the child since Nov. 09. He has never paid child support and he has a criminal background. My husband is trying to adopt my daughter. We are speaking with a lawyer tomorrow. What are our changes of revoking his rights?	Family Questions	New York
What is the legal amount of hours can a person work during jury duty? What is the legal amount of hours can a person work during jury duty in state of Illinois?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Is it legal to work 57 hours in six days straight without overtime? Is it legal to work 57 hours in six days straight without overtime?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What to do if my teenaged son is being accused of a Robbery that he didn&#39;t commit? My teenaged son is being accused of a Robbery that he didn't commit. He just got arrested and he's only 16.	Criminal Questions	Connecticut
Can I shut off my upstairs neighbor&#39;s central air unit that leaks into my a/c unit as she will not have it fixed? Can I shut off my upstairs neighbor's central air unit that leaks into my a/c unit as she will not have it fixed?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How can I find out about a civil case from J&amp;D court regarding my husband about child support or paternity? I found a court summons dated for 2008 civil case from J&D; court regarding my husband, I think it's for child support or paternity. How can I find out about this child?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
How do I get custody of my grandson if my daughter was denied custody? I'm a grandpa, 48, with health issues diabetes great & kidney failure. I'm doing good to fix it. My daughter at time of prep to have my grandson used Meth and went to CPS. Was denied custody CPA and said my 3-year-old grandson would be to much work for next 18 years. BS. I've been from day one. We all live w/my parents that were given some kind of custody. I want custody of him.	Family Questions	California
Protect child&#39;s vanishing capitol My friend's ex died leaving everything to his son. His mother wants so know how to protect the 14 year old welfare they live in Danville, IL. What can I tell them?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Can I void contract if company fails to fulfill promises? A contract signed 7/23/11 for roof repair due to hail damage was not yet fulfilled. The contacted roofing co. was told the company had fired crews & 3 homes were promised . The president would return call by 7:30 this morning. Still waiting! Can contract be voided?	Contract Questions	Tennessee
What to do if my wife passed away from small cell lung cancer due to malpractice? My wife passed of small cell lung cancer on 11/24/2011. She was under the care of a pulmonary Dr. from 2008. In 2010 A CHEST X-RAY WAS TAKEN IT REVEALS MILD DEGENERATIVE CHANGES TO THORACIC SPINE, ENLARGED PULMONARY ARTERY WHICH IN FACT WAS A LARGE TUMOR. This Doctor did no follow up with her in April of 2012 she was complaining of a sore neck. She went to family MD who also took x-rays of her neck, back and spine and chest. This Dr. also stated you have an enlarged pulmonary artery or a growth, HE DID WHAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN DONE IN DEC,2010 HE ORDERED A CT SCAN . April7, 2011 ct scan was done, a 9.4x5.7 conglomerate left hilar MASS ENCASED THE LEFT MAIN PULMONARY ARTERY. This should have been done in Dec 2010.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Law that protects a renter from their landlord discussing their  renting issues with an individual? is there any law that protects a renter from their landlord discussing their rent/payment history or renting issues with an individual who is not listed on the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
What can we do if mom needs to get POA but dad is in a nursing home &amp; can&#39;t go to the notary to sign? Dad was in hospital and we found out that he is in the last stages of dementia. Now mom needs to get a power of attorney but dad is in a nursing home and can't go to the notary to sign the papers. What can we do in order to get the papers?	Family Questions	Missouri
What can you do as a patron if a WV casino breaks one of their privacy acts against you? What can you do as a patron if a WV casino breaks one of their privacy acts against you?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	West Virginia
How do I keep my therapy dog in a condo that doesn&#39;t allow dogs? I live in a condo where they don"t allow dogs. I also have a roommate who had diabetic seizures a year ago. The occupational therapist and primary doctor said to get a dog which is now a therapy dog. I just got a letter that my dog has to be removed. What do I do?	Leasing Questions	Minnesota
If you have an item on layaway at a pawn shop &amp; you want to take it off latest can they keep all the money? If you have an item on layaway at a pawn shop at you want to take it off latest can they keep all the money?	Consumer Questions	Minnesota
How much can you pay to one person without having to give a &quot;1099 form&quot; or have them fill out a W-2? I worked 20 hours as a "temp" in a office while the employee had 3 days off to attend her child's graduation.  I was told that at the end of the last day I would get a check. When I was ready to leave & turned in my hours to the employer, he said that he couldn't pay me because he didn't have a W-2 for me to fill out and I said that I was told I would be paid as a contract labor. He said his accountant in New York told him he couldn't do that.  SO, what is the law in Colorado? How much can you pay to one person without having to give a "1099 form" or have them fill out a W-2?	Employment Questions	Colorado
If I divorce my husband will I receive half of his union pension, social security, and va checks? If I divorce my husband will I receive half of his union pension, social security, and va checks?	Family Questions	Illinois
If a boss is paying a worker at 10.99 by the hour, can the boss keep cutting worker&#39;s pay down in tell the worker that he/she is only a 9-5 worker? If a boss is paying worker at 10.99 by the hour, can the boss keep cutting worker's pay down in tell the worker that he/she is only a 9-5 worker? I have more question I just seeing how this works. Thank you :)	Employment Questions	Tennessee
What is NY education law section 2504? What is NY education law section 2504?	Immigration Questions	New York
Is it legal to pay rent in your parent&#39;s house and not obtain a key to the house? Is it legal to pay rent in your parent's house and not obtain a key to the house?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Should we be paying rent on an unfinished unit? My girlfriend and I rented a two bedroom home from a homeowner in Modesto CA. We rented site unseen and paid 2.5 months worth of rent plus security deposits up front. When we arrived at the property it wasn't finished and the property owner never did a site inspection to verify the home was complete and ready. There were numerous violations such as a broken air conditioner, mice infestation in the hot water heater, broken windows, filthy carpet, dirty bathroom with broken shower doors, multiple drawers of belongings from former tenants , the garage was cluttered with multiple shelves of junk. Should we be paying rent or can we wait till all repairs are final? She hired a general contractor to be her ears and eyes but work hasn't started yet.	Real Estate Questions	California
Is a dentist required by law to x-ray your mouth once a year? Is a dentist required by FL law to x-ray your mouth once a year?	Family Questions	Florida
What to do if the daughter let a guy sign the birth certificate and will not return the baby? My daughter let a guy sign a birth certificate and is asking for a DNA test. The baby is 2 weeks old. He had a visitation and will not return him. What do i tell her to do?	Family Questions	New York
Am I eligible for unemployment if I was fired over the phone? I previously was warned not to bring my bus home. I unconsciously brought my bus home after my school route because I have been bringing it home for three years. I was told to take the rest of the day of and the following day and to call back Monday.  Am I eligible for unemployment if I was fired over the phone? I didn't sign any documentation that states I would be terminated.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Employees entitled to shift premium for time and a half on overtime hours? Are employees entitled to shift premium pay entitled to time and a half for overtime hours also, or just straight pay on hours worked?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I apply for custody of 2 minors if they do not live with me, but they are not with the mother either? Can I apply for custody of 2 minors if they do not live with me, but they are not with the mother either?One lives in Mexico the other was just send to Texas.	Family Questions	Florida
My landlord told me that he would not raise my rent if I switched my power bill through his company. Is this legal and what can I do? I rent my lease & it's up. The landlord told me that he would not raise my rent if I switched my power bill through his company. Is this legal and what can I do?	Leasing Questions	California
How long will it take to be final with the divorce and will they stop support? I filed for divorce before leaving pa. Now they have attached my wages for her support. I have not heard anything about the divorce. I filed it myself. How long will it take to be final and will they stop support. no children.	Family Questions	Florida
What&#39;s the law of VA about moving child out of the state? What's the law of VA about moving child out of the state?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can I request and be granted a reduction in my child support if I&#39;m going to school full-time? I just retired from my job and am going to school now full-time. Can I request and be granted a reduction in my child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Connecticut
How can my site allow users to pay other users acting as agents? I'm working on a site that allows users to act as "agents" (i.e. personal shoppers) for other users.  Users could bid for these agents' services, and if the agent accepts the bid, we would take a commission from each hire.Are there any particular legal steps we need to allow these payments to take place?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Employment Questions	California
If there was an emergency with an elderly person, can that free them from a lease if they left the state? If there was an emergency with an elderly person, can that free them from a lease if they had to leave the state?	Real Estate Questions	California
Legal advice for a story I am writing? I need legal help for a story I am writing. Can you help?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Can Cleco refuse me electric service cause my ex in laws lived in the house I&#39;m moving into and owe a bill? Can Cleco refuse me electric service because my soon to be ex in laws lived in the house I'm moving into and owe a bill? These people aren't any blood relation to me.	Consumer Questions	California
How long am I obligated to hold my ex&#39;s stuff before I can get rid of it? My ex who I formerly lived with took me to small claims court for his stuff on July 26th, 2012. I agreed to return his stuff and was asked if I would contact his lawyer within 7 days to schedule his stuff being picked up. I did so the following day and still have no time scheduled. How long am I obligated to hold his stuff before I can get rid of it?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
If you are given a notice to vacate your apartment in 30 days, are you liable for that month&#39;s rent? If you are given anotice to vacateyour apartment in 30 days, are you liable for that month's rent?	Real Estate Questions	Mississippi
Will this lack of private info  going to an email address I have not set up be ok? I have a flex account. The company I work for has  given them an email address and set up the company. The company has told them to send all flex account notifications to the email they (company) have given them. The flex account company will not allow me to use my email address. I'm not happy. Will this lack of private info  going to an email address I have not set up be ok?  Thank you, Helene Mosieur&#109;&#111;&#x73;&#x69;&#101;&#117;&#114;&#x68;&#101;&#x6c;&#101;&#110;&#101;&#64;&#x79;&#97;&#104;&#111;&#111;&#x2e;&#99;&#111;&#x6d;L ook forward to hearing from you.	Employment Questions	Florida
Can your employer search your car when you are on company property? Can your employer search your car when you are on company property and company time?	Employment Questions	New York
How many employees do you need on a shift to require a lead? Lead position laws in California.  How many employees do you need on a shift to require a lead?  Do you get paid for the whole week if you work one day as lead?	Employment Questions	California
When filing a claim, is all of my accrued vacation entitled to a &quot;priority&quot; status? When filing a claim against my former employer, is all of my unpaid, earned (accrued) vacation entitled to a "priority" status under 11 U.S.C. 507, or just the amount earned within 180 days before the bankruptcy case was filed?	Employment Questions	California
Can ex-wife leave state with daughter after filing restraining order on me? My ex wife has a restraining order against me and has one from my daughter against me. She wants to leave the state. Can she do that and take our daughter without my permission?	Family Questions	Colorado
How can I get full custody if the father of my daughter seems to have no interest in having anything to do with her? How can I get full custody if the father of my daughter seems to have no interest in having anything to do with her?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Quickest way to make my ex giving custody of our daughter legal before she changes her mind? My ex has agreed to give custody of our 16-year-old daughter to my wife and I. What is the quickest and cheapest way to make this legal before she changes her mind?	Family Questions	Minnesota
If I resign from my job and decided to take my part of retirement, what happens to employers part? If I resign from my job and decided to take my part of retirement, what happens to employers part? 20yrs of employment	Employment Questions	California
Can a person get fired without giving a write up or verbal warning? Can a person get fired without giving a write up or verbal warning?	Employment Questions	California
Can my ex force me out of my home if she files for legal separation? I live in Indiana.  My wife wants to file for a legal separation.   We purchased a home a year ago.  It was a "contract for conditional sale" being finance through the sellers "revocable trust agreement." Both our names are on the contract.  Can she force me out of my home if she files for legal separation?  If so, how would she/what would she have to do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
Can I file to have custody terminated if the mother of has full custody but has no job and is getting evicted? The mother of my daughter has full custody but has no job and is getting evicted from her housing. Can I file to have custody terminated based on this ground	Family Questions	California
What can a woman that is married that has little funds do to get a divorce? What can a woman that is married that has little funds do to get a divorce?  He has money.	Family Questions	California
Condo being foreclosed by condo association. We have until Feb 21, 2012 to pay past due condo fee/legal fees or they are going to devest title to our property. How long will we have to vacate our property once this happens? Thank you!	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
If can&#39;t refinance the house &amp; get the payments down, what&#39;s the best way to turn it back over to the bank? I have a home and at this point I am not behind on the mortgage, but it is going to get to that point soon. I have been left the house and all the bills. I don't think they can refinance the house and get the payments down enough for me to afford the house by myself. What is the best way to turn it back over to the bank? or do I have other options I can pursue. I don't want to have the bank come back on me later stating I woe them a bunch of money on the difference of the house. I can not afford too.	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Question regarding a complaint filed in GA? i live in VA on 9-04-2012. I've filed a complaint in GA for the amount of three thousand dollars. It was a verbal agreement and the person didn't want to give me the money.  Do I need a lawyer when I come back to GA?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
What can I do if I&#39;ve gone a month with no pay and due 3 checks now? I was in a forklift accident at work. Another driver was at fault. Have been out of work for 3 months with back injury. Comp paid me until a month ago. I've gone a month with no pay and am due 3 checks now. What can I do?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
In filing a quit claim deed, what occurs with the mortgage for the original owners? In filing aquit claim deed form, what occurs with the mortgage for the original owners as well as any taxes and  maintenance fees?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Question about payment during 2 weeks notice? If an employee gives a two week notice and you ask them to leave then, do you still owe them for two weeks?	Employment Questions	New York
Can my job tell me I don&#39;t have a designated ending time? My job is telling us that we are mandated to stay over 12 hours of work because they took on new clients. Can my job tell me i don't have a designated ending time?	Employment Questions	New York
Can an equity REIT give funds to random shareholders? Can an equity REIT give funds to random shareholders?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What can I do to keep my car after signing the contract? I purchased a new car almost two weeks ago. My husband and I signed the contract, I put 500.00 down as agreed. Now they are saying I may need to give the car back. What can I do to keep my car?	Consumer Questions	Texas
How do I evict tenants with no lease? I had a tenant then tenant moved out with new people moved in. No lease on new people who moved in and I want people out now. What should I do?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
How do I go about getting my children back full time when my mother has custodial rights? My mother has custodial rights with my children and the children have different daddies. How do I go about getting my children back full time?	Family Questions	Indiana
Can the Village Board of Trustees force a Mayor to place a resolution on the Agenda? Can the Village Board of Trustees force a Mayor to place a resolution on the Agenda? Trustees want to remove public comment portion of meeting from Government Access TV.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
What is the Statue of Limitations of being sued by a payday lender in the state of PA? What is the Statue of Limitations of being sued by a payday lender in the state of PA?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Can the police make you wait 10 days for a copy of the search warrant and reason for entering your home? Can the police make you wait 10 days for a copy of the search warrant and reason for entering your home?	Criminal Questions	California
Can I sue my girlfriend for the cost of the car I bought her if I made all the payments? My name is mike. I bought a car in my girlfriend's name. I can prove that I made all the payments. Can I sue her for the cost of the car?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
in an estate inventory, what is property in entities? in an estate inventory, what is property in entities?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Can a small business impose salary caps? I would like to know if in the state of PA if a small business can impose salary caps? I work for a small franchise that put a 12 dollar salary cap in place. Most of us reach that cap in the first 5 years. Does that mean if I work for them for another 20 years I will only be making 12 dollars for the rest of my employment?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I get the woman to pay for what is clearly her fault in the car accident? I was rear ended in a 3 car collision. Someone rear ended the person who was propelled into me.  Mercury insurance is the company of the person that was the cause of the accident in the Police Accident Report, but I can't get them to take liability and pay for my car damages.  How do I get the Insurance Company or the woman to pay for what is clearly her fault and the insurance companies responsibility and liability?	Personal Injury Questions	Texas
Is it illegal for a job to hold your Check for any reason? Is it illegal for a job to hold your Check for any reason and for not giving you a w-4 form for his taxes because they give him half check and the other half cash? They took the taxes out themselves.	Employment Questions	Texas
Would my Landlord have to have some type of insurance when a tree limb fell on my car? I recently had a tree limb fall on my car in front of my apartment. It shattered my back window, sunroof, and front window. Also put a couple of dents in the right fender and hood. i accidentally let my insurance lapse. But, was wondering if my Landlord would have to have some type of insurance when something like that happens?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
Can the landlord throw out a tenant for not paying a rent that&#39;s not due yet? Can the landlord throw out a tenant for not paying a rent that's not due yet?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Can I still file a claim from 1999 and 2000? Can I still file a claim from 1999 and 2000?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Can our ex-landlord send us a notice to leave the premises? Our ex-landlord doesn't own the property we rent. He stopped paying his mortgage and his hoa fees. The hoa bought the house. We are renting from them now. We have a lease from them also. Today the ex-landlord sent a notice to leave the premises letter. Can he do that?	Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
If the car wasn&#39;t under his name, did the cop have permission to let him take the car off my property? I had a car in my name, and at one point it got transferred over to someone elses name without my consent or knowledge. The reason I had found out it wasn't in my name was because there was a issue at my house regarding the car, the cops were involved and a police report was taken . The officer who took the police report called DMV and found out it was no longer registered to me. After finding that out the officer gave permission to my x boyfriend to take the vehicle. My question is if the car wasn't under his name either did the cop have permission to let him take the car off my property ?	Criminal Questions	California
Can a company force you into buying expensive equipment saying it is for work and I have never used it in since being force to pay? Can a company force you into buying expensive equipment saying it is for work and I have never used it in since being force to pay?	Employment Questions	New York
In Wyoming, can McDonald&#39;s work the crew 9 hr plus with no breaks? In Wyoming, can McDonald's work the crew 9 hr plus with no breaks?	Employment Questions	Wyoming
Is there an Oregon law regarding maintenance sharing of a private road? Is there an Oregon law regarding maintenance sharing of a private road?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Can I cancel a rental agreement within 3 days of signing? I signed arental agreementand paid a $700 deposit for rent on a house.  The next day I decided I wasn't satisfied with the property.  I tried contacting the landlord and she would not respond so I put a stop payment on the check. Do I have the right to cancel the contract within 3 days of signing like any other contract in the state of Iowa?  Or do I need to pay the deposit?	Leasing Questions	Iowa
Can a landlord enter a rental property without the tenant&#39;s permission? Can a landlord enter a rental property without the tenant's permission?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Question regarding my dad fired from his job? My dad was just fired from his job. He is a foreman at a dealership their reason for firing was that he was friends with his mechanics that he has been working with for some 30 years now. Is that legal to fire him for that?	Employment Questions	New York
How long after your lawyer sends in a demand letter for a workman comp claim do they have to pay? How long after your lawyer sends in a demand letter for your final pay amount for a workman comp claim do they have to pay?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is my lost a tax write off? I rent a house to my son-in law and daughter for 700 dollars a month. I pay $1028.18 per month for house payment. Is my lost a tax write off?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is this violation of privacy grounds for a lawsuit? I'm wondering if I have a case. Last week I found out I am pregnant. I called my fiancee to tell him. He called his supervisor to ask to go home to be with me. This is an unwanted pregnancy. He texted his supervisor not to tell anyone. His supervisor told co-workers. Is this violation of privacy grounds for a lawsuit?	Employment Questions	Virginia
How many hours are you to get between shifts? How many hours are you to get between shifts?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do with a wage garnishment? I got my paycheck yesterday and I have a wage garnishment, what shall I do?	Employment Questions	California
Can my landlord require a deposit for repainting the walls? I have been living in my Oak Park, Illinois rental unit for 4 years at 2100.00 a month.  My landlord is requiring a large sum of my deposit for repainting un-damaged walls and replacing the cream color carpeting (normal wear & tear).  Can she do this?  By the way, the realtor she rents through-her husband does all the maintenance.  Not to mention, the realtor has missed several showings to future possible tenants and I have taken time off work to accommodate the showings.  Even when I have made these accommodations several possible tenants have not showed for their scheduled showings leaving me frustrated that I lost money from work to show her unit.  What do I do?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If the father isn&#39;t paying child support is he still allowed to see kids? If the father isn't paying child support is he still allowed to see kids?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Legal that my landlord wants to add in my new lease of a rental condo that i have been living for years? Hi, i would like to know if is legal that my land lord wants to add in my new lease of a rental condo that i have been living the last 3 years, without missing a single payment? The owner now wants me to pay for any repair in the condo, including a/c and appliances, which any of them were new when i moved in to the condo this is here in Orlando Fl.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can father keep kids longer than custody order states? Can father keep kids longer than custody order states? If he has a set date and time to return kids and doesn't is it considered kidnapping?	Family Questions	Virginia
True that if my new husband should not have to pay over 50% of his disposable income for child support? Is it true that if my new husband is now married he should not have to pay over 50% of his disposable income for child support of 2 children?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding a request to break my lease for my apartment? I requested to break my lease for my apartment in NYC early. I am asking the new landlord for a copy of my lease, because the previous landlord made errors. I only have a copy I made with my signature before I sent it to the previous landlord. They never returned a copy to me with their signature. The new landlord is sending me a letter I received from the previous landlord asking to renew my lease for 12/2011 to 11/2012, to mark yes or no and sign the letter. If marked yes, the landlord would send me a new lease to sign. The new landlords are insisting that we do not need to go by the actual lease and that the letter is enough. Is the letter enough? Do you think they do not have a copy of the lease if they are refusing to send it to me?	Real Estate Questions	New York
do we still have to pay the lot rent if we got a written 30-day notice? I am trying to sell my mobile home. We moved out of it in June. We gave the a written 30 day notice. Do we still have to pay the lot rent?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
If I have to go to a mandatory work meeting/function should I get paid? If I have to go to a mandatory work meeting/function should I get paid?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If a computer malfunctions without notifying me, am I responsible for the court fees and late charges? If a computer malfunctions at the end and my landlord did not accept my online payment, without notifying me, am I responsible for the court fees and late charges?Also, after I went in and discussed this with them, we verbally agreed that I would pay the rent portion immediately and the court date would be stopped. I have an email confirmation of this. Three and a half hours later I received another email that said they rejected my payment and changed their mind about the court date unless I paid the rent, late charges and court fees immediately. Is this a breach of contract?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Should I get overtime for working a 16-hour shift in MA? Should I get overtime for working a 16-hour shift in mass or is it all based on hours for the week?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Do I inform possible employer of may past record? I'm applying for a job and they do cori checks. About three years ago I got in some trouble but after 14 months of being good and doing what was asked of me, everything was dropped or paid in full. Do I inform possible employer of my past record and how do I go about doing so? Please help me. I would like to go back to work.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Are there unethical issues by being guilty by association? I've been told by my boss that upper management are observing one of my fellow employees.  This employee that they are observing is a good friend of mine.  My boss said that she is not a team player and is considered to be negative and not a good addition to the team.  My boss also told me because I'm her friend, I am guilty by omission (I think she meant guilty by association).  I told my boss, but I've done nothing wrong.  She said I know, they are watching you cause your her friend. My question is, beside it being unethical can they do that?  This has added unnecessary stress on me.  As of right now I've done nothing but continue to do my job?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Legal if my landlord did not disclose that the house was in foreclosure before we moved in? I rent an apartment from my landlord who did not disclose that the house was in foreclosure before we moved in. Is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I be served with court order papers on a Saturday evening? Can I be served with court order papers on a Saturday evening?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it legal to fire an employee for making an honest mistake? Is it legal to fired an employee for making an honest mistake?	Employment Questions	Virginia
If I&#39;m told that I&#39;m executor in will, can I see copy of will or what should I do? If I'm told that I'm executor in will, can I see copy of will or what should I do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Do I have to take care of my deceased father&#39;s bills? Do I have to take care of my deceased fathers bills? He died in a state that has a law saying the closest relative is responsible to become an executor if there is no will, or the person that duty was designated to passed away, and if no one else is willing. I am a resident of a different state.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Washington
What to do if I am being sued by a credit card company and I was served 21 days ago? I am being sued by a credit card company and I was served 21 days ago. It is $6000. What are my best options since I don't have the money to pay?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Am I allowed to use my last months rent for a contract that ran out? I paid first and last months rent. The year contract ran out and now I pay month to month. Am I allowed to use my last months rent?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a boss make you sit at home for a week if he&#39;s mad at you? Can a boss make you sit at home for a week if he's mad at you?	Employment Questions	Illinois
If my husband is doing 35 years in prison how do I get a divorce from him he want sign paper? If my husband is doing 35 years in prison how do I get a divorce from him he want sign paper?	Family Questions	Florida
How can my stepfather relinquish his rights to the property I own so that it can be sold? I own property, but my stepfather has life estate in the property. How can he relinquish his rights to the property so that it can be sold?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
Does an employer have to inform you of termination? Does an employer have to inform you of termination? I was told we were on a layoff when I filed for unemployment. I was denied because my company said I was terminated for unauthorized use of a company vehicle. I was never written up and never questioned about this. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do if I was suspended without pay for no reason? What to do if I was suspended without pay for no reason?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
True that my license should not have been suspended cause there were no criminal charges against me? I currently have a judgement against me due to an accident and they also took my license.  I was told that my license should not have been suspended because there were no criminal charges against me. Is this true and if so how do i go about getting my license back?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
Illegal to have an orange flashing light on the top of your car while it is flashing? Is it illegal to have an orange flashing light on the top of your car while it is flashing and while your car is in a public place?	Consumer Questions	Kentucky
Will I have a decent chance for a successful discharge from probation if I dismiss the violating offense? I was recently on probation for a white collar type felony and had a probation violation.  My probation was revoked and I spent a week in jail, but kept my youthful trainee status.  My question is that if I can appeal or dismiss the violating offense, a disorderly conduct charge? Will I have a decent chance at going back and getting a successful discharge from probation?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Can you get a divorce with one signature? Can you get a divorce with one signature?	Family Questions	Illinois
In Florida can overtime hours be mandatory? In Florida can overtime hours be mandatory?	Employment Questions	Florida
if a tenant has not contributed their share of maintenance, what legal action can be taken? if a tenant in common does not live on the property, and has not contributed their share of maintenance or property taxes what legal action can be taken against them by the other tenant in common who has been paying their share of taxes and maintenance?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do to fix a situation where my husband had an affair and now has a child &amp; must pay child support? We have three kids and my husband had an affair. There's a child and now she put child support on my husband. It took her four years. My husband didn't know about this child. What can we do to fix it?	Family Questions	California
Is it legal in the state of Alabama to carry a folding pocket knife? Is it legal in the state of Alabama to carry a folding pocket knife?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Question regarding leasing commercial space from condominium association? We are leasing commercial space from condominium association. The Lease clearly defines our leased space boundaries as the premises between walls. It allowed that the lessee would install a restroom at his own expenses bearing costs of fixtures. The association provided a hookup to the building main sour line.After ten years the association determined that the hookup is incorrectly attached to the main sour line. The sour pipe and the main sour line are located in the building's basement and outside of the leased premises' boundaries.The association performed capital improvement to the main sour system installing separate pipes run and demands that the lessee pay for common or limited common element improvement. Are they right?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Since we have had no contact with biological father, I would like my finance to adopt her? I am currently living in MA with my 3 and 1/2 year old.  We moved here back in Dec. 2009.  She has not seen her father since June 2010.  Last call was March 8 2011.  Court I received temporary custody Mach 29th 2011.  Since we have had no contact with biological father, I would like my finance who is the only Dad she knows to adopt her.  Her biological father recently contacted last Thur via Facebook.  What are my options?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Does your husband have right to a child born during the marriage who is not his but is on the certificate? If you are married and going through a divorce does your husband have right to a child born during the marriage who is not biologically his but is on the birth certificate?	Family Questions	Oregon
If I&#39;m on workers comp and working 20 hours a week with restrictions, can they lay me off? If I'm on workers comp and working 20 hours a week with restrictions and comp pays other 20, can they lay me off?  Can they cut my health insurance from me legally? Can anyone help. I see a doctor on July 5th again about my injury. Thanks Jeff.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I lost custody of my children when took ill &amp; I like to have them back? What to do if I lost custody of my children when took ill & I like to have them back?	Family Questions	District of Columbia
Question regarding being employed at Kmart? I have been employed as a part time worker at Kmart/Sears since Sept 09. I haven't received a raise, they want, expect me to work more than the schedule made by the corporate headquarters. Do I have to work these extra hours? Also I have worked a considerable amount of time, comparable to full time employees. Shouldn't I be considered, made a full time employee? Thank You!	Employment Questions	Tennessee
Can I sue to stop untrue lease violations from being sent to me? I am 83 years old and my daughter worked for the Property Management company in the Senior Citizen building I live in.  She was fired, since she has been fired I have received lease violations threatening to evict me that are not true.  Can I sue them to make them stop, this is very disturbing?	Leasing Questions	Indiana
Question regarding sending a request for interrogatories to the defendant? I am the plaintiff in a workman comp case in NC and am pro se and must send a request for interrogatories to the defendant. Where can I find a sample form to send them?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
If there wasn&#39;t a will, can my niece get everything when her mother said so? My brother's wife has died. His daughter has said her mother told her she gets everything. What if there wasn't a will? and if there was one can he contest it?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Minnesota
Does an employer have to provide a break and lunch for more than 5 hours? Does an employer have to provide a break and lunch period to employees working more then 5 hours but not more then 8 hours per day?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How is it possible if I&#39;m making payments on a bill and got served with a garnishment? How is it possible if I'm making payments on a bill and got served with a garnishment?	Consumer Questions	Arkansas
Was I fired in an unfair way? I worked at a dealership and got fired 01/13/12 & my main manager strongly dislikes me. I am a homosexual and he is very religious. I was recently fired for something I did that everyone else at this job has done & didnt' get fired until their third strike. I worked at a dealership & accidents happen. One lot tech had totaled three new mustangs in one day & didn't get fired. He then wrecked two trucks that following month or so and by his third strike he was fired. Another lot tech had totaled a new mustang & she wasn't fired. I backed up into a new vehicle with no dent and no scratch but the tailgate light cover popped off but was easily popped back into place & that was the reason they fired me the next week. is this fair? is this discrimination?	Employment Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Colorado
If I have tendonitis and my job requires that I sit at a computer, is it considered a worker&#39;s comp case? I have tendonitis in my right arm. It is a condition that keeps progressing and getting worse. My job requires me to sit at a computer all day and this is why I have the tendonitis. Is this considered a workers comp case?  Or can it just be filed under my regular health insurance?	Employment Questions	New York
Can landlord keep the deposit and first month&#39;s rent if my friends have already moved in but the one who has signing the lease backed out so the landlord made them move out and has kept all money? My friends gave the landlord $600 in deposit and $600 in first month rent. Two of the three started to move in. The thrd one backed out at last minute so landlord kicked the other two out and has kept their money.	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Nevada
As a first-time home buyer with a rebate, is the three years up on the date of closing? I got a first-time home buyer rebate, with the stipulation of staying in the home for three years.  Is the three years up on the date of closing? Or is it the third anniversary of making payments?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Laws regarding how far in advance an employer must post a schedule for a given pay period? Are there laws regarding how far in advance an employer must post a schedule for a given pay period.  My son usually finds out 3 or 4 days in advance what his next pay period schedule will be and I think this is very wrong.  As a department head I always had to post at least 2 weeks in advance but don't know if this was a company policy or a state reg	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
When a felony bond has been off bonded can that off bond be lifted and how long does it take if it can? When a felony bond has been off bonded can that off bond be lifted and how long does it take if it can?	Criminal Questions	Mississippi
If my children&#39;s father bought gifts for our home and we no longer want him in the residence, is he allowed to remove the gifts when he leaves? If my children's father bought gifts for our home and we no longer want him in the residence, is he allowed to remove the gifts when he leaves?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is it illegal to threaten to fire someone while they are on disability? Is it illegal to threaten to fire someone while they are on disability? if so what can i do??	Employment Questions	New York
What are the regulations of a 24/7 live-in caregiver? I am a 24/7 live-in caregiver for a disabled 90-year-old lady. A family member wants me to file as self-employed and give me a 1099. Is this right? Also I live where I work but family member wants a different mailing address. Do I have to give one? Does wage and o.t. law apply to me?	Employment Questions	California
Is it supposed to be 2 different grand jury foreman on an indictment for one charge? Is it supposed to be 2 different grand jury foreman on an indictment for one charge?	Criminal Questions	Mississippi
How much would it hurt me if I put the wrong date on a file? I have filed 2 failure to Cooperates and 1 Motion to Reconsider but I accidentally put the wrong date on when I first filed my Interrogatories and when the first Court Judgement was. However the Principle of the matter is still the same either way. How much would the hurt me?	Family Questions	Indiana
Can someone kick you out of a house they rent when you have your belongings without an eviction notice? Can someone kick you out of a house they rent when you have all your belongings there and a key without an eviction notice in Michigan?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
If we moved out on January 31, can the landlord demand rent from us for Feb and March? On January 31 of this year, we gave our landlord our key and moved out of out Marietta home.  We didn't give a forwarding address because we don't have one yet.  In short she sent a bill to our old address demanding rent for Feb and March.  Can she do that?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
if I allowed someone to stay at a property for a couple of weeks, do they have some legal rights to stay? if I allowed someone to stay at a property for a couple of weeks, do they have some legal rights to stay?	Leasing Questions	Colorado
How can I speed up the process of obtaining my car from the tow yard? My vehicle is being held at a tow yard and they won't allow me to get my personal belongings out of the car (purse, id, etc..). It was being used by someone that got pulled over and then left the car at the seen. So the police are questioning me and won't allow me to get my car or things. I have told them I don't know anything but they insist on keeping my vehicle until the finish their investigation.  What is the procedure of this and how can I speed up the process and move on with my life? Do I need a lawyer and are there a certain amount of days before they have no choice but to give me my car?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Is a lease void if the house is under foreclosure or for sale? Is a lease void if the house is under foreclosure or for sale?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I have a contract for three months can the apartment management go up on my rent? I have a contract after for three months can the apartment management go up on my rent?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can my landlord legally raise the rent before the lease is up? I live in Florida. I have a lease stating a certain rent amount. Can my landlord legally raise the rent before the lease is up?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do if the father filed contempt charges against me for moving out when he gave permission? My daughter's father has filed contempt charges against me for moving out of state when he gave me permission. What do I do?	Family Questions	New York
What do I do when your tenant gives a 30-day notice from the 18th with a month to month from the first to the first? What do I do when your tenant gives 30 day notice from the 18th with a month to month from the first to the first?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
Can a parent get custody of a child if they owe thousands in back child support? Can a parent get custody of a child if they owe thousands in back child support?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal in Illinois to have to work 10 8 hour days straight with no off day and no overtime pay? Is it legal in Illinois to have to work 10 8 hour days straight with no off day and no overtime pay?	Employment Questions	New York
In a divorce agreement, spouse did not comply to final decree regarding equitable land distribution. Property still in spouse&#39;s name and no known address available. Final divorce stated if no sale after 90 days, property converted to wife for her to sale. Is an equitable lien a good avenue to take?	Family Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
Are there any restrictions to road side mailbox structures or placements? Are there any restrictions to road side mailbox structures or placements?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
How can I get all my money back from the car auto repair shop? I purchased a car from a auto repair shop for $6000.00. It stop working within 30 days and I paid him $2100.00 to repair the car. It's been 90 days. How can I get all my money back from him?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
What are my chances of winning on a post trial motion case? What are my chances of winning on a post trial motion case?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a father gain custody if the child lives with the father in one state and the mother resides in another? Can a father gain custody of the child if the child lives with the father in one state and the mother resides in another state?  If the mother does not show up to a custody hearing, does the father automatically win?	Family Questions	Missouri
Question about son&#39;s insurance and child support? My parenting partner is responsible for our sons' insurance and has not had him insured for one year and 6 months. His visitation was to be every other weekend and shared custody, he has never taken him on his weekend or holiday nor does he participate in anyway.  He has never worked since our divorce and child support agreement was executed however his mother pays his$450 monthly child support.They are very wealthy people, therefore he does not need to work, but they are now not paying for my sons insurance and I have been his only participating parents since our divorce in 2004.	Family Questions	South Carolina
Can you file a motion for redirect custody after losing? Can you file a motion for redirect custody after losing?	Family Questions	Maryland
If I am renting a condo without  a lease, do I have any rights? If I am renting a condo without  a lease, do I have any rights? I want to move but if I tell my landlord I'm moving will he kick me out or do I have time? Also is getting cursed at on the phone and getting called a liar considered harassment?	Real Estate Questions	New Hampshire
Is it illegal for employers to record everything an employee says in an office? Is it illegal to for employers to record everything an employee says in an office?	Employment Questions	New York
How long does a consumer have to debit money out of your bank account from the day of your purchase? How long does a consumer have to debit money out of your bank account from the day of your purchase?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Does my great aunt still have guardianship of me because I am only 17? I was wondering since I graduate does my great aunt still have guardianship of me because I am only 17 or doesn't she?	Family Questions	Ohio
Possible for a babysitter who is not related to me go into court and get guardianship of my daughter? is it possible for a babysitter who is not related to me or my daughter that I let my child live at to go into court and get guardianship of my daughter?	Family Questions	Illinois
Question about alienation of affection? I have been reading about alienation of affection.  My wife was pregnant with my baby and had an affair.  The man would not leave her alone.  She broke off the relationship more than once and he kept sending her flowers, gifts, letters.  Finally one day after the baby was born he came to my house and packed her stuff and moved her and my kids out.  Is this a legit case for alienation of affection?	Family Questions	Illinois
What are my rights if I am terminated from my employer-provided housing? I live in employer provided housing. What are my rights if I am terminated from that employer?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Question about establishing residency in Texas? Question re: establishing residency in TexasHi, We are a family who used to live in Houston and have lived in California for the past 12 years (relocated for husband's job).   We are moving back to Texas (Austin) and want both of our sons to attend Texas colleges.  Our question relates to establishing Texas residency.  Can we establish residency by purchasing a home in Austin and showing other documents relating to relocating, or do we have to have lived in the house for 12 months, before residency can be established?  Thanks for your help.	Real Estate Questions	California
Legal to charge and keep an administrative fee if you are denied approval for an apartment complex? Is it legal to charge and keep an administrative fee if you are denied approval for an apartment complex when they were aware what was on my credit prior to researching it?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I have to get my adjoining landowner&#39;s permission to move in a mobile home? I live in Oklahoma. Do I have to get my adjoining landowners permission to move in a mobile home?	Real Estate Questions	Oklahoma
I work at a bottle redemption, and I was wondering if my boss has to legally provide me with gloves? I work at a bottle redemption, and I was wondering if my boss has to legally provide me with gloves?	Personal Injury Questions	Maine
If a person has vacation time does the employer have to pay if I quit? If a person has vacation time does the employer have to pay if I quit?	Employment Questions	Oregon
What to do if my rights were terminated if my child was taken due to a CPS worker lying in court? My child were taken due to a CPS worker lying in court. Now my rights have been terminated. What can i do about this?	Family Questions	Kentucky
What to do if my boss is verbally abusive and afraid I&#39;m going to get fired? I work at Saint John's prep school in Danvers, MA. Last week my boss made me feel like a child by yelling at me and calling me stupid. Then today my boss called me at home at 5:00pm while I am at home and yelled at me on the phone and told me I would have to be at work by 9:00am and I usually start work at 6:00am . Now I am afraid that I am going to get fired.	Employment Questions	New Hampshire
If you&#39;re living with a partner and you have a disagreement, can they put you out? You pay bills and rent but your name is not on the lease. No physical abuse of any kind is going on. Just an argument. None	Family Questions,Leasing Questions,Legal Questions	Pennsylvania
If an employer has a profit sharing plan in place for her small office of five employees, must she contribute to all employee&#39;s retirement plan annually? If an employer has a profit sharing plan in place for her small office of five employees, must she contribute to ALL employee's retirement plan annually, or can she elect not to contribute to one employee for this year?	Employment Questions	California
If my step dad and biological mom are divorced can I live with him without her consent if he didn&#39;t adopt me? If my step dad and biological mom are divorced can I live with him without her consent if he didn't adopt me?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can homeowner own view of ocean? Can a home owner own 'a view' of the ocean?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Divorce settlement In San Diego do I have to have a judge sign off on a subpoena before I can serve it?	Family Questions	California
I have been divorced now for 3 months. When we went before the judge to finalize the divorce, the judge did not ask for proof of his income. The judge just asked him what his monthly income was and just went off that. I know he makes more than what he claimed. What should I do?	Family Questions	Illinois
What is the time limit on how long collection agencies can try to make you pay? What is the time limit on how long collection agencies can try to make you pay? I have heard any where from 4 to 6 years. I became disabled and was unable to pay them until I got my disability. I tried to set up reasonable payment plans with them at that time, but none of them are willing to accept that. February 2008 was the last payments I made to them. I live in West Virginia.	Consumer Questions	Arkansas
If a finance company contacts you regarding a deferment and you apply, can they report your car? If a finance company contacts you regarding a deferment and you apply, can they report your car?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Was it illegal for my son to be served with divorce papers at his TRO hearing from an advocate of a shelter his wife was staying at? There was no police reports of abuse ever.	Family Questions	Hawaii
What is considered full-time in MA? What is considered full-time in MA?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Does my daughter have any rights in protecting her and her kids from her husband? My daughter's husband has been in and out of jail their entire marriage. Drugs, dui, and other things.  He just got out from being in 8 mo. he is going back in Sept when he goes back to court.  Since he's been out of jail he has harassed my daughter day and night call her on the job, calling her finds.  They have 3 children and he has hit my daughter in front of them plus starting verbal fights.  I'm concerned for my daughter and how can the law allow this person to continue to get in trouble and slap his wrist? Does she have any rights?	Family Questions	Virginia
Is the 4th of July a national holiday that benefits time and a half? Is the 4th of July a national holiday?  And if so if you have to work  is it time and a half by labor laws?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Question regarding filing a petition to give limited guardianship for school registration purposes? In Warren County Missouri, I tried to file a petition to give limited guardianship for school registration purposes of my daughter to my father.  They denied my filing because they said they couldn't accept it with out an attorney.  Other counties accept this filing pro se.  I modified the paperwork from another county to read Warren County and looked up the statutes to make sure that I have all of the necessary paperwork.  Do they have the right to deny my petition because I do not have an attorney?  They recommended attorneys across the street.  The one I talked to quoted me a cost of around $700.  The filing fee is only $93.  I do not have this much money.  What should I do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Missouri
What course of action do I take if my employer is not paying me? What course of action do I take if my employer is not paying me?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Are employers required to pay an hourly worker for driving a company? In the state of Georgia, are employers required to pay an hourly worker for driving a company? Example: I do not get paid for my return drive time from a job.	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can an attorney of a successful plaintiff collect legal fees from the judgement and a 50% contingency fee? In a federal case (11th Circuit) Title VII, can an attorney of a successful plaintiff collect legal fees from the judgement and a 50% contingency fee? In case of settlement, can the attorney collect attorney fees from the defendant as a condition of settlement and collect 50% contingency from the plaintiff/client?	Employment Questions	Alabama
How can I ensure my son will be taken care of if my fiance and I pass away? If my fiance and I both die what will happen to our son? How can I ensure he will be taken care of?	Family Questions	Maryland
What can I do if my mom passed away and my two sisters are not giving me the legal papers to her will? My mom passed and my two sisters are not giving me the legal papers to her will. What can I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Missouri
When the defense calls you as a witness do you have to testify? When the defense calls you as a witness do you have to testify? What are my rights?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Tennessee
What should I do to keep my business safe If I might get a divorce? What should I do to keep my business safe If I might get a divorce?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Can I sue if I stayed with someone and they sold my stuff without my consent? Someone I was staying with sold my stuff not even a week after I moved out without my consent. Can I sue?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
If I&#39;m going to small claims court, do I need legal representation? If I'm going to small claims court, do I need legal representation? The other party is bringing legal representation. I'm the complainer.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Do I need to file for patent? Do I need to file for patent?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is the property in the hands of the state or the family of the committed? If one parent is committed due to mental illness, can the property or savings be attached by the state while the other parent is still living in the family home independently?  Attaching property or savings would create a hardship for the healthy parent.	Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Can someone else release a child to another guardian with court order? I have a court order to release my granddaughter to her grandfather but I'm going to be out of town, can someone else release her?	Family Questions	California
Can a parent be made by the courts to sign off legal rights to minor children in New York State? Can a parent be made by the courts to sign off legal rights to minor children in New York State?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can girlfriend move out of state with child without legal father&#39;s consent? My girlfriend wants to move out of county and the state of Florida with our 8 week old son. I  am the legal father. What are my rights?	Family Questions	Florida
What does Order Granting Motion Case Motion #1 Withdrawal of Agreement for Dissolution of Marriage mean? What does the following mean exactly: Order Granting Motion Case Motion #1 Withdrawal of Agreement for Dissolution of Marriage?	Family Questions	Alaska
What are my rights and do I have to move out in thirty days? I have been asked to quit/vacate an apartment in Hudson, MA that I have been provided for for seven years in exchange for services as a barn manager. They stated that they want to terminate our agreement. My position was replaced without notice. What are my rights and do I have to move out in thirty days?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What can I do to fight against a claims issue against an apartment complex? What can I do to fight against a claims issue against an apartment complex?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Can the landlord evict both of them even though my daughter doesn&#39;t owe him rent? My daughter is away at college,Indiana Univ.She and a friend are renting an off campus apartment with a joint lease.My daughter paid her portion of the rent for the semester,her friend didn't.Today the landlord put a "No trespassing "sign on their door.The landlord wanted 1000.00 from the friend towards her unpaid rent,she didn't have it so my daughter gave him 500.00,my question is: Can he evict both of them even though my daughter doesn't owe him rent?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
House I rent is in foreclosure and person on deed lives in another state. I live in Florida and I am currently renting a house. I just found out the person who I'm renting from and who signed the lease quit claimed the property to someone else for a year prior to renting to me. The house is in foreclosure and the person on the deed lives in New York. What are my options?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
Employer assigned me two people and refuses to pay me? Hi, I'm a caregiver and onetime my employer assign me to care of two person and management told me that they will pay for double and now I finish my job the management told me that they not gonna pay me as per agreement.With this regard, I would like to seek your legal advise.Thank you-	Employment Questions	California
Who would have control over the allocation of payments to the children when both children reside with their mother? I'm approved for New York state social security disability benefits for myself and my 2 children that I have joint custody of. Both children reside with the mother. Who would have control over the allocation of payments to the children?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can the court use the income from my GI bill as a basis for my monthly income in regards to spousal support? I am currently going through a divorce and I am receiving money from the GI bill to go to school. Can the court use that income as a basis for my monthly income in regards to spousal support and is the court even allowed to grant her money from that?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Wyoming
Can my wages be taken away from me so easily? I am an examiner contracted to a paramedical firm. I am due one month wages for work performed over three months ago. Since I have filed a lawsuit asking for this money, my direct contact in this firm has accused me of stealing without any merit or proof. This legal action will cost me more than the wages due to me. Would I be better off having the Michigan Dept. of Labor resolve this issue? I find it disturbing that my wages can be taken from me so easily.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Michigan
Do I have the right to a copy of anything that I have signed? Do I have the right to a copy of anything that I have signed that has my name on it?	Employment Questions	Florida
Is spouse entitled to 401k? In the state of Georgia is the spouse entitled to half of the 401k?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can both parents claim the same child on their taxes? Can both parents claim the same child on their taxes?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Can I collect for breach of promise and breach of confidentiality? I'm a widow and a man ask me to marry him and move in his home. I sold all my things for that reason. Then his daughter stepped in and stopped it. Can I get money from him for my losses? I sold everything.	Family Questions	Indiana
Can she take my grandson to Colombia without my son&#39;s signed papers? My son and his wife are having marital problems and they have a 3 month old son. The wife wants to go to her country, Colombia, with my grandson. What right those she have according to U.S. law to be able to do this without my son's approval?	Family Questions	Florida
Can living separately prior to a divorce determine/limit father&#39;s chance for custody? Can living separately prior to a divorce determine/limit father's chance for custody?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Do you have to be married for it to affect who gets custody of one if the parents has a girlfriend? When dealing with custody do you have to be married for it to affect who gets custody of one if the parents have a boyfriend/girlfriend	Family Questions	Mississippi
I have a company going through a divorce and my soon to be ex-husband, got a new lease with a different corporate name. So I cannot go and get my equipment out and he is running the company to the ground. Is there anything I can do. I own 100% of the company. What should I do?	Corporate Questions,Family Questions	New York
How to get commission owed to me after being fired? How can I receive commission that is owed to me after I was fired?	Employment Questions	Ohio
What can I do if my divorce has been going since 2009 and we had the 604 evaluation? My divorce has been going on since Jan '09. We had the 604 evaluation and still nothing happen. What can I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Advice if my employer will not comply with neither of my requests? I am in the middle of an unemployment case with my former employer.  My profession is a registered nurse.  I subpoenaed my nurses notes and requested my personnel file which the law says my employer has 5  business days to allow me access to my personnel  file .  My employer will not comply with neither of these requests.  Do you have any legal advice?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
if I get less than minimum wage can I sue a company? if I get less than minimum wage can I sue a company?	Employment Questions	New York
Does the surviving spouse have any rights to the assets If person makes a will leaving assets? If a married person makes a will leaving assets belonging to him or her prior to the marriage, to his/her children, does the surviving spouse have any rights to the assets?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Mississippi
Where can I find the traffic law (Move Law) for the state of Illinois? Where can I find the traffic law (Move Law) for the state of Illinois?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
How many days in a row can a company work you before offering a day off? How many days in a row can a company work you before offering a day off?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can ex husband move out of state with our child? My ex husband and I have joint custody of our daughter, but he has residental custody. Can he move her out of the state?	Family Questions	Georgia
Is there any way I can gain guardianship of my sister who suffered brain damage? My 20 year old sister was in an automobile related accident. She suffered severe brain damage, and is now on a slow road to recovery. Is there any way I can gain guardianship of her?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What kind of alimony and child support can I get off of my husband who&#39;s a marine and makes $72,000 a year? What kind of alimony and child support can I get off of my husband who's a marine and makes $72,000 a year? Can I get the child support money changed if I start my separation in Virginia? I live in Virginia right now because of my husband being a marine but will be moving back to California since it's where I'm from.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Can someone give me advice as to what I need to get so that I can be represented in New York? I was divorced when I was living in New York through legal aid.  I now live in Florida.  My ex-wife is taking me to court for child support.  The judge in New York said I need a referral from Florida to be able to be represented in New York by legal aid.  I went to legal aid in Florida and they said they can't give me a referral. Can someone give me advise as to what I need to get so that I can be represented in New York?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If I&#39;m a minor, can person entitled to account relinquish the money? My grandfather passed away several years ago leaving me, my sister and cousins with stock bonds. I'm now 18 and these stock bonds are to be received at the age of 21. I was informed that my father asked to borrow money from my aunt, who is in control of the accounts until I turn 21. I asked her how much is in the account and she told me slightly above ten thousand. But the account started with twenty-five thousand and she admitted to lending some out. She has stopped communicating with me. Is she entitled to relinquish this money to others without my consent?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Question about part-time employee forced to do 40 years? I was recently hired by a company with part-time status as they do not hire full time employee's for the position. I was scheduled for 20 hours per week but they told me I could work up to 40 hours per week. When hired I signed a document stating I was willing to work up to 31 hours a week and I have worked those hours. Now they are telling me it is mandatory that I work 40 hours per week but I do not get full-time status. It it legal for this company to do that?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Does the inheritance get divided? If my father died in 2003 and his wife which is my step mother has an estate and she died they had a revocable trust does the inheritance get divided between siblings?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Can a private owned business cut your salary from 48,000 a year to 36,000 a year with only two days notice? Can a private owned business cut your salary from 48,000 a year to 36,000 a year with only two days notice?	Employment Questions	Arkansas
I have commerical rentals (small garages) that I rent out and would like more information on late charges. Also, do all days including weekends count as late days after the 1st? All rent are month to month and start on the 1st of each month.	California Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Conditions of common law marriage? What are the conditions of a "common law" marriage in Minnesota?	Family Questions	California
If a tenant is without use of their bathroom toilet what legal obligation does a landlord have for providing a hotel for the days that the tenant was inconvenienced? If a tenant is without use of their bathroom toilet what legal obligation does a landlord have for providing a hotel for the days that the tenant was inconvenienced? Is there a reasonable percentage of the rent that could be deducted for the days that tenant had to travel to local public restrooms?	Real Estate Questions	California
What should I do with the situation with my  manager? I want to know what to do as my manager and I built a great friendship. He wanted something more and   asked me to go out with him through a text message but I said no and now I was taken off the work schedule for two weeks. When I returned to work I was only scheduled for two days a week when I had a full time schedule. I can't pay my bills and  have to leave my apartment. I've been working in the restaurant for over one year. What should I do?	Employment Questions	New York
Can the Son sell the property if Mother &amp; Son are on the deed but the mother has Alzheimer&#39;s? Mother & Son are on the deed but the mother has Alzheimer's. Can the Son sell the property?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I need to file to get my money from my ex? I have been divorced for 3 months now and he still have not paid the 4000 he owes me what paper work. Do I need to file to get my money?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Is it legal if I am working for assitant living and they are paying me less than minimum wage? I am working for assistant living and they are paying me less than minimum wage. Can they do that?  Also they require me to sleep there but are not paying me  to sleeping.  The wage is $103.00 for a 24 hour period is this allow?	Employment Questions	Colorado
If I don&#39;t sign the pay plan and I am terminated, will I be eligible for un-employment? I am an "employee at will" and my employer is singling me out for a new pay plan that will reflect a 15% pay cut.  Do I have to sign the new pay plan?  If I don't sign the pay plan and I am terminated, will I be eligible for un-employment?  I feel that my younger age is the reason for the pay cut, and my duties at work have just increased. I have not called in sick in over 3+ years and am very rarely granted a lunch break. I feel that I am being taken advantage of.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Do inmates that are pro se have right to law library?	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
Can my son go after the child&#39;s mother who is ill and doesn&#39;t work to reduce child support he owes? My son has had full custody of his child now 7 for two and a half years. But before that he had been unable to pay child support for a year because the amount he owes has grown to 17k. He would like to reduce that amount and get out from under this ongoing problem. The mom is ill and doesn't work so he doesn't want to go after her for support just reduce the amount he owes. Can he?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Anything  can be done to get money after  loss in magistrate court? In the state of Georgia, if you lose in magistrate court, and the loser doesn't pay, is there anything that can be done about getting your money?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Do I need to notarize a Property Lien before It is Recorded in Philadelphia PA? Do I need to notarize a Property Lien before It is Recorded in Philadelphia PA?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I block a court order? How do I block a court order? I have lived in Georgia for six years with sole legal and physical custody as per my original divorce decree. California does not retain jurisdiction over my case.  A judge ruled on April 3rd that my children ages 17 and 15 need to meet with a mediator and to visit with their father for three weeks. He has not seen them in six years and has not spoken with them in two years. The children don't want to go.	Family Questions	Georgia
Any legal papers that won&#39;t allow a parent to obtain medical info about her pregnant daughter? Is there any legal doctrines that will not allow a parent to obtain medical information about her 12 year old pregnant daughter?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Is it a landlords responsibility to pay for pest control for bed bugs after you have already moved in to your home? Is it a landlords responsibility to pay for pest control for bed bugs after you have already moved in to your home?	Employment Questions	California
What do we do when we get our first summons? Hello - My wife has just received a summons re a balance due for a credit card. The amount due is 7K, more than we can afford at this time. We would like to make arrangements to pay. The summons states we must reply within 20 days and reply to the Clerk listed within 5 days etc. This is the first summons either of us has received and we are anxious to know what to do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How can I have a fair trial/prelinimary hearing when judge refuses to appoint legal counsel after the public defender&#39;s office said I don&#39;t qualify for it?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
Husband separated and remarried but I never received divorce papers. I live in Georgia and have been married for 25 years. My husband and I have been separated for 11 years. We separated because of his infidelity. He remarried 3 years ago. I never received any divorce papers from him. What should I do?	Family Questions	Georgia
How can I stop garnishments against me? How can I stop garnishments against me?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Alabama
Can an employer use text messages between 2 off duty employees against them for disciplinary action? Can an employer use text messages between 2 off duty employees against them for disciplinary action based on hearsay from a 3rd party?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Travel and Employment Question? A non-exempt employee scheduled to work between the hours of 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM.  He is required to travel on an exception project to the airport which is travel of 1 hour.  The flight is international and on the plan and boarding time 8 hours.  Must the employer pay for the 1 hour of travel time to the airport as well as all air time traveling to the location.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Restraint of anti-trust laws for selling consumption? Is it not in restraint of trade of state or federal anti-trust laws or any law for retail outlets to stop selling their name brand products in quantity at a retail level to consumers who eventually resell those purchased products to whomever they wish?	Consumer Questions	California
Can I void contract if entered under influence of narcotics? In 2006 in Indiana, I entered into a contract while I was under the influence of prescribed narcotics.  Vicodene 10's and oxycotton 7's to be exact these were for my hand being smashed by a 60 ton press. Can this contract be voided legally? I live in Indiana, and the dealership knew about this.	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
Can I get back support if my husband is filing for divorce but left me 7 years ago? I was recently served divorce papers. It has been over 7 years since he left me with at the a child. Now my child is 21 years old. Can I get back support? He is filing a stipulated.	Family Questions	Wisconsin
What is a wife with 2 kids entitled to from her husband after 22 years of marriage? What is a wife with 2 kids 20 and 21 entitled to from her husband after 22 years of marriage that will probably end abruptly?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my landlord evict me because I park in the red where it states no parking?	Leasing Questions	California
What can I do to ensure I get custody of my child? The father of my child has been in jail and in joans hill the past fee months. I don't believe he is fit as a father and does not have a job or a stable home and I am afraid they will grant him visitation. What can I do to ensure I get custody of my child?	Family Questions	New York
Exempt from having taxes taken out of my paycheck if I am 71 make under $5,000? Am I exempt from having taxes taken out of my paycheck if I am 71 yrs old and make under $5,000. a year and my spouse does not work?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Can my case get dropped? I have been cited for failure to provide vet care for an animal and confining an animal without proper food and water. The animal warden took all five of my dogs and did not serve me with any paper work giving me a chance  to appeal which is stated in state law and still have not received any papers for four months. Can I get my case dropped since the procedures for seizing my animals and charging me was not done according to ms state law and statutes?	Commercial Questions	Mississippi
Can my girlfriend&#39;s father receive my/her text messages we send to each other? Can my girlfriend's father receive my/her text messages we send to each other? He pays for her phone bill.	Criminal Questions	California
If I filed for divorce and changed my mind later can I back out of it? If I filed for divorce and changed my mind later can I back out of it?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal to put a 30-day hold on my car since the police did not stop my son and the car is not in his name? My son got a ticket for driving without a license and got my car impounded with a 30-day hold. The thing is the police did not actually stop him. My son was involved in a minor accident with a parked car and the owner filed a police report. My question is was it legal to put a 30 day hold on my car since the police did not stop him and the car is not in his name?	Criminal Questions	California
Can I still file for child support if the father&#39;s name isn&#39;t on her birth certificate? I am currently pregnant. The father is married with 2 children of his own. I want to get child support from him after my baby is born, but I don't want to put his name on the birth certificate. Can I still file for child support if his name isn't on her birth certificate? Also in Virginia would I have sole custody over her?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Question regarding my entire checking account wiped out becuase there is a judgement against me? My entire checking account was wiped out because there is a judgement against me. I have been making payments for 2 years and feel like there is no way out. I have not a penny to my name. Made a payment last week and they just withdrew all of the money from my checking account. What can I do?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Does my ex&#39;s children have any recourse if he left a will and gave everything to his long-time companion? My ex died with a will, which he excuted on-line, leaving everything to his long-time companion and nothing to his children.  Nor did he disinherit them.  Do they have any recourse?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Can DNA test and vasectomy clear me in child support case? (Texas) I received a notice to appear in court for child support.  I believe I am not the father.  I had a DNA test done by the state of Texas in 1998 for another case. I also had a vasectomy with negative semen analysis in 1999. Can I use either these to clear me in this case?	Family Questions	Texas
Is it legal to assign contracts on property? In the state of Pennsylvania, is it legal to assign contracts on property? Also can you refer a good title company that allows assignable contracts in PA?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Using vacation pay from exempt employee for doctor&#39;s appointment. Is it legal to use vacation pay from an exempt employee when they are out of office for a few hours for a doctor's appointment?	Employment Questions,None Questions	Nevada
Can an employer require a doctor&#39;s note for being out sick one day? Can an employer require a doctor's note for being out sick one day?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What to do if there is no available course for parenting if it&#39;s required? I am required to take a 12 hr parenting course as part of an agreement but there is no course available with in a 2hr radius of me. What should I do?	Family Questions	Florida
Can condo association board of governors take builder to court without unit owner input? Can the board of governors in a condominium association take the builder to court without notifying or voting of unit owners?I don't think we should pay costs incurred and would like to take to small claims with legal charge from condo fee.	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Can I open a business doing exactly what I am employed to do while I am working for someone else? Can I open a business doing exactly what I am employed to do while I am working for someone else?	Employment Questions	Ohio
What to do if my landlord said he&#39;s going to evict me after my son broke a car&#39;s window with a BB gun? My 17-year-old son accidentally broke the window on a car with a BB gun. My landlord said he is going to evict me. i already agreed to make restitution for damage.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
In the charge of sodomy what does it mean when it states against will or (LT) What does (LT) stands for? In the charge of sodomy what does it mean when it states against will or (LT) What does (LT) stands for?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can an HOA board of trustees amend bylaws if they themselves are governed by other rules? I live in Suffolk Cty, NY State in a Home Owners Association devolpment. My question is this, can a Bd. of Trustees amend the bylaws, on their own if the bylaws state that Roberts Rules of Order, Revised, shall govern all deliberations of this Association and its Bd. of Trustees?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can my employer get shut down for not paying his employees? Can my employer get shut down for not paying his employees?	Employment Questions	Colorado
How can my immigration status affect my girlfriend&#39;s case in a family court in NC? How can my immigration status affect my girlfriend's case in a family court in NC?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can an employer change the time of leeway after 12 years of service? Can an employer change the time of leeway after 12 years of service? Example: you were always allowed up to 7 minutes to be late now you can't be even one minute	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Possible to break my non-compete agreement? I would like to break mynon-compete agreement. Is it possible?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I file the clam on my own if I have a claim that exceeds $6000 against someone? I have a claim that exceeds $6000 against someone in the State of Indiana. Can I file the clam on my own? and if so what forms will I need?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
What is a probate court? What is a probate court?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Anything I can do if I am not getting paid overtime wages at my job? I am not getting paid overtime wages at my job. I have called the labor board and I haven't gotten any response from them. Is there anything else I can do?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Questions regarding my employer? I have a few questions about my employer. I have asked more than one person about this, and they  have given me more than one answer. My boss keeps harassing me over the topic of moving. He tells me I have to move or I will lose my job. Can my boss tell me where to live? I am also a salary employee and my boss has me working over 40 hours a week. Is my boss allowed to make me work over forty hours a week?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Do I need to use up all my union rights to file an unfair labor practice? Do I need to use up all my union rights to file an unfair labor practice?   Do you have a phone number so I can get help to file? Thank you, Allen.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How do I get any information from the Mass Health when I am not my sister&#39;s Power of Attorney?? I am the head of household for my mother and older sister.  I was informed of a tax audit from the IRS on 2010 tax returns the issue is my older sister passed away May 11th unexpectedly.  Now the IRS wants documents from Mass Health for my sister's deductions list the list of prescriptions and co pays for the year.  How do I get any information from the Mass Health when I am not her Power of Attorney??  Denise was never married she was my mothers caregiver. Where do I go???	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Someone is using my name for medicaid and employment. What should I do? identity theft: Someone is using my name for medicaid and employment. What should I do? I just received the letter about it I don't know where and how to start.	Consumer Questions,Criminal Questions,Education Questions,Employment Questions,Privacy Questions	Connecticut
Can I cut down a live Oak in Vero Beach, FL? Can I cut down a Live Oak IN Vero Beach, FL? Do I have to replant something?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question dealing with an eviction? I'm dealing with an eviction where I feel that something isn't right the court paper says that its a hold over I was never handed any officialeviction notice letterfrom any courts. I spoke to management for the building and they said that she doesn't even have the right to have roommates but somehow able to set up a court date which I don't understand.	Real Estate Questions	New York
What is Idaho law on a landlord entering an occupied apartment without the resident being home? What is Idaho law on a landlord entering an occupied apartment without the resident being home? My neighbors and I have caught him going into apartments with him knowing the resident is not home. Ive come home almost every day and found stuff like my lights and A/C shut off when I know I left them on. There is nothing in my lease about him being in our apartments. He has told me stuff about apartment he would only know if he had gone in it. I'm not comfortable with him randomly going into my place for no reason. Is he allowed to?	Real Estate Questions	Idaho
What are my rights with being held up with a gun? While at work, after hours (7pm) with approval from the owner, I was working and the shipping building security person came into the building with at gun and asked me to leave! I didn't argue with a person holding a gun and stepped outside of the building. I called 911 because I have permision to be in the building but was in fear of inappropriate conduct (no guns are allowed at work). However, he's still there and I can't work with or near him, what are my rights?	Criminal Questions	California
What does &quot;plead over&quot; mean in a lawsuit?	Litigation Law Questions	Illinois
What are my chances of not going to jail? I got hit with a 4th degree grand larceny and a 3rd degree filling a false statement. am I looking at jail time? I've never been in trouble nor been on probation before. What are my chances of not going to jail? and whats the fines that I'm looking at?	Criminal Questions	New York
How long after not paying the mortgage am I allowed to stay here if house was given to a private seller? I have to give my house back not to a bank but to a private seller who I was buying it from. How long after not paying the mortgage am I allowed to stay here?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Am I obligated to pay if my landlord is demanding rent for the two months that I have not lived there? Hi my name is Sonia, I an renting now and my daughter was cooking and forgot to turn off the stove so it burned the stove and activated the sprinklers.  Apparently it damaged the apartment and we were put out going on two months now without any assistance from my landlord.  My question is my landlord is demanding rent for the two months that I have not lived there.  Am I obligated to pay or not legally?	Real Estate Questions	California
Should I get a power of attorney for homeowner&#39;s insurance that&#39;s solely in my name? I'm recently divorced. I was awarded the home but the mortgage is in my ex-husband's name. Should I get apower of attorneyfor homeowner's insurance that's solely in my name?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If an immediate family member steals your pistol and you don&#39;t report it can you go to jail? If an immediate family member steals your pistol and you don't report it can you go to jail?	Criminal Questions	Oklahoma
Can I do a quit deed if I want to give my  interest in our house to my husband who&#39;s in CA while I&#39;m in MS? I moved back to CA from MS and would like to give up my interest in our house to my husband who is still in MS. Can I do a quit deed?	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I have to make a new lease with a tenant&#39;s name on it if she broke up with her boyfriend &amp; was also on it? I have a tenant who moved in with her boyfriend. Both names are on the lease. After 3 months they had a fight and he moved out. Do I have to make a new lease with her name on it?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How many consecutive days can an employee work without a day off? Under Georgia labor laws how many consecutive days can an employee work without a day off?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If someone dose not report an address change &amp; no longer on payroll, what kind of time is he looking at? if someone dose not report an address change (290.13) & no longer on payroll and has not been in trouble since 1996 what kind of time is he looking at?	Criminal Questions	California
What are my options if I loaned my boyfriend money and now he won&#39;t cooperate? My boyfriend purchased a home in march of 2011. In order for him to get approved for his mortgage he had to pay off his car loan. I loaned him $10,000 and signed a gift affidavit so he could get the loan. We had a verbal agreement he would pay me back the full amount after the mortgage went through and he could finance his car. Now he is not cooperating and saying I am out of luck. What are my options?	Finance Questions	Minnesota
I have power of attorney of a minor for my grandson and I need to know how do i reverse this to go back to its parents.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Legal and binding contract if we have made a separation agreement and if we go to a notary? My Husband and I are separating and our kids and myself our moving out of our home, my question is: we have made a document, separation agreement and if we go to a notary of public to have signed and witnessed, is it a legal and binding contract?  I am the wife and am trying to protect myself legally in moving and separating from my husband?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can a HOA Board of Directors turn down a cash buyer who has excellent credit and references? Can a HOA Board of Directors turn down a cash buyer who has excellent credit and references and if so do they have to provide a reason or provice another buyer? Thank you.	Consumer Questions	Florida
Can I sue the company that packaged it if I cracked my teeth eating trail mix? I cracked Two teeth eating some trail mix. Can I sue the company that packaged it? I went to a dentist who charged me $1000.00 for a crown.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Is an employer obligated to inform employees of changes in policy and pay? Is an employer obligated to inform employees of changes in policy and pay?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What does &quot;felony theft&quot; refer to in the state of Washington? What does "felony theft" refer to in the state of Washington? (Question is about an investigation of a third party)	Criminal Questions	New York
Should a security deposit for a co op renovation be put into an escrow &amp; not owner&#39;s corp account? Should a security deposit for a co op renovation be put into an escrow account and not the Co op owner's corp account?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Question about housing? I need to know what I can do about issues I have with the housing complex and I'm in fear of my safety and my children's safety.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Cancelling auto-renewing contract. I have a service I want to cancel. I was told I was not in contract. I attempted to cancel service, they brought out an old contract signed with a company we previously used, that the new company bought out. It says the original one year contract auto renews each year unless cancelled in writing.	Contract Questions	Iowa
Do I need an attorney to do a loan modification on my mortgage? Do I need an attorney to do a loan modification on my mortgage?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Help with our temporary guardianship of our nephew  by his mother to a court ordered guardianship? We have temporary guardianship of our nephew from another state by his mother.  We need to find out how we can help from the state to get a court ordered guardianship	Family Questions	Florida
Is there a way I can get more time with my son? My son is now 13 years old. I have been taking care of him since birth and have never missed a child support payment. His mother moved him across the country from Florida and only wants him to visit for 2 weeks out of the entire year and she must come with him. I pay for both of the round trip every year. I have asked her to allow him to spend the summer with me but she has denied it every time. Is there a way I can get more time with him? Or at least get him during the summer?	Family Questions	Florida
If the address on the subpoena that records are requested for is incorrect on a non-party subpoena, what can I do? If the address on the subpoena that records are requested for is incorrect on a non-party subpoena, what can I do?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is an act 33 paper that is filed in a divorce? What is an act 33 paper that is filed in a divorce?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Options if my lease doesn&#39;t mention early termination but I&#39;ve been robbed twice? I have a one year lease on an apartment in Massachusetts. I have been broken into twice. My lease says nothing about early termination. What are my options?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
In the state of new Mexico can my stepson start using my surname? My 7 year old stepson wants to use my surname in school. He has 2 siblings and wants to feel a sense of belonging.  In the state of new Mexico can my stepson start using my surname?	Family Questions	New Mexico
What are the steps of legal action I should take so I can stop being controlled by the mother? I need to establish custody of my child. I am the biological father and I am on the birth certificate. What are the steps of legal action I should take so I can stop being controlled by the mother?	Family Questions	Florida
What could happen if I pleaded guilty and I was accused of something I never did? I was arrested and I was released. I never pleaded guilty and I'm on probation. I was accused of something that I never did. What could happen?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can I take my mobile home back if I have to pay the taxes? If I have mobile home title in my name and property taxes in my name, can i take my mobile home back if I have to pay the taxes? I have till 17th of this month to pay or it goes on sale block.	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Do I have to pay income or other taxes in Canada if I moved to the United States and am now resident in the United States? I Do I have to pay income or other taxes in Canada if I moved to the United States and am now resident in the United States? I have a virtual office with a mailbox in Canada that forwards my mail to New York.	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	ON
Is there a way to speed up custody process and would an ex parte motion help in this scenario? I am trying to file for child support and full custody of my daughter. I thought it would be easy as the father is not actively a part of her life right now nor is he helping financially. Since I do not have an address for him I have had a hard time. Is there a way to speed up the process? Would an ex parte motion help in this scenario?	Family Questions	New Hampshire
If I rented a RV park space and place another RV trailer instead of the one I wrote on the rental agreement can the landlord evict me or refuse to renew my rental agreement? If I rented a RV park space and place another RV trailer instead of the one I wrote on the rental agreement can the landlord evict me or refuse to renew my rental agreement?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
I want to take my son out of state on my visitation days. I want to take my son out of state on my visitation days. Do I need to notify his mother? I would take him on my two days with him and have him back before he goes back to his mother. I'm afraid if I tell her she won't allow it.	Family Questions	Montana
Can I get a legal separation in the state of California without having my husband to sign since he is in a rest home with a stroke? My husband is in a rest home from a stroke he suffered in 2004. Can I get a legal separation in the state of California without having him sign?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If my husband refinances our home in his name only do I relinquish all of my right to our property? If my husband refinances our home in his name only do I relinquish all of my right to our property in the state of ga?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
If you have been a member of public housing for over 60 years, can they tell you that you must leave your apartment and move in with others? If you have been a member of public housing for over 60 years can they tell you that you must leave your apartment and move in with others so they can rent your apartment for more money?	Leasing Questions	New York
Can employer downgrade performance review due to work accident? Can an employer downgrade a performance review because of a work related accident or injury in the state of wisconsin?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Will the domestic relation take my ex supporting him and not her husband into consideration? My wife left me to live with another man. I filed for spousal support. The wages are not that different. Only 289 dollars  but she left me to pay all the bills. She took $1546 out of the household budget. I know she is sharing expenses with the man she living with in PA. I know wages are a factor and expenses. Will the domestic relation take her supporting him and not her husband into consideration?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal for the landlord only to have his name under the propane when we use it regularly? I live in Indiana and my home is heated by propane that is in the landlord's name. The landlord has told us we are NOT allowed to switch the propane in our name, therefore they use whatever company they want and fill the tank when THEY want even if it's still half full then charge us for the cost. Is this legal?	Leasing Questions	Illinois
How to go about establishing paternity with the man who is allegedly my father? I'm 41 years old and want to establish paternity with the man who is allegedly my father. I live in Pa. How can I go about this?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Are we common law married if I&#39;ve been living with my man for 3 years and calls me wifey? I live in GA and have been living with my man for three years. He introduces me to everyone as wifey. Are we common law married?	Family Questions	Georgia
Is the ticket even justifiable? Is it legal in Mississippi for a police officer to write another ticket for showing the person they pulled over the radar reading?	Criminal Questions	Mississippi
What happens to a person that is on unsupervised probation and gets into trouble? What happens to a person that is on unsupervised probation and gets into trouble?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Grandmother in vehicle collision with police officer. My grandmother 73 yrs. old healthy smart fun loving. Perfectly capable of driving. She was t-boned by a police cruiser going 80 mph in a 35 mph speed zone. The police officer Phillip Flamion had no lights or sirens after whipping a uturn a within .25 mile reaching 80 mph. What are my best options?	Personal Injury Questions	Indiana
Does my landlord have any right to evict me anytime she wants if she never gave the option of a lease renewal? I live in NYC. My lease for my apt expired and my landlord said she would send me a new lease but never did. I have continued to pay rent, but am now living with no lease. Does she have any right to evict me anytime she wants? What is my legal standing with the apt. Also, she has not returned our security deposit.Thank you	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I sue my landlord for not fixing my window since it is risking my safety and privacy? Can I sue my landlord for not fixing my window since it is risking my safety and privacy?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it legal to write newspaper opinion to persuade people&#39;s votes? Is it legal to attempt to convince people to vote for a candidate by writing an opinion in newspaper?	Administrative Law Questions,Advertising Law Questions	New Hampshire
Do I have to pay the increase in rent after signing new lease? I have a lease on an apartment and it states that the lease term (5 December 2011 thru 5 August 2012) includes $20.00/month for parking in underground garage. I just received a notice from the local lease office that they are going to raise the rent from $20.00/month to 40.00. Do I have to pay the increase in parking fees?	Leasing Questions	Minnesota
Can I make case for denied dependent care from FSA account 90s days after termination? My dependent care from FSA account has been denied because It is over 90 days past termination day. Do I have a case?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Georgia
Can I leave daughter with father in another state if I have custody? I have custody of my teen daughter. Because I've been having a lot of problems with her, I now want her to go live with her father who lives in another state. He's not really willing. Is it legal for me to just leave her with her father in Illinois and I return to Michigan?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can the mother move to another state with a child without the fathers approval? In the state of IL can the mother move to another state with a child without the fathers approval?	Family Questions	Illinois
If I pay overdue payments, can landlord still evict me? I was served with a summons for eviction to due non-payment of $320 and I have 5 days to respond to the summons. I was past due due to landlord refusing my payments. If I pay the past due of $320 to the clerk, can my landlord still evict me for non-payment?	Leasing Questions	Florida
I have created a web page to explore the issues. I want to post copies of articles by web based pundits (from  RSN, Truthout, etc.) and include full credits of title, authorship and web source, etc., in order to help people decide where they stand on the issues. Is this ok?	Copyright Questions	Colorado
Am I able to claim my son for taxes if there is no legal judgment between me and my son&#39;s mother? Am I able to claim my son for taxes if there is no legal judgment between me and my son's mother? I pay child support on my own & I insure my son and pay half his schooling and have flack on him.	Family Questions	Indiana
Is it legal for the dealer to refuse me the car even if I have proof that I paid for one of the vehicles? I had a vehicle that I paid off in full repoed because the dealer wanted another vehicle that i purchased back. The dealer told me that I could not get either vehicle back. I was wondering is it legal for him to do that even though I have proof that I paid for one of the vehicles?	Consumer Questions	Alabama
What recourse do i have if a friend won&#39;t repay the money I let them borrowed? I let a friend borrow 19,000 dollars that was to be paid back by March 15, 2012. What recourse do I have? It doesn't appear that I'm gonna get my money back.	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Question regarding my ex changing my kids&#39; school and refusing me to see them at school? I am going through a divorce nothing has been court ordered about the children. My ex has taken the kids out of their school and transfered them to another and is now refusing to let me get them. I can not go get them from school because she did not put me on the list as parent at the school. What should I do, I just want my kids to be safe and not drug around. What should I do from here?	Family Questions	Florida
Is it legal to lay an employee off when that employee is on medical leave due to work injuries/work comp? Is it legal to lay an employee off when that employee is on medical leave due to work injuries/work comp?	Employment Questions	California
Can a parent move out of state with minor children? Can a parent move out of state with minor children?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Arizona
Can you discriminate in stores if you have never been disciplined? My store is closing temporarily for remodel we were told all along that we would be going under renovations and that employers would be placed in surrounding  stores. Sunday is our last business day and we were told that the entire staff would be let go due to a large sale not bring high enough to work in the new "white" store prototype. All employees will revive a severance package and are eligible for rehire and can re apply. However we are not allowed to apply at our current location. Nobody is on disciplinary action and numbers are not below the company trend. There are several stores in the area that are understaffed and hiring but no attempt was made for transfers. Can you discriminate in stores if you have never been disciplined?	Employment Questions	California
Is there a law that provides a grace period for tenants to cancel a contract without penalty? Is there a law that provides a grace period for tenants to cancel a contract without penalty?	Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
Do the same exact laws apply to the landlord/tenent situation when tenant is renting 1 room in the landlord&#39;s household, a border house situation, &amp; how you go about getting an eviction?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Texas
Does my friend have any rights without a rental agreement? I'm renting a 1 bedroom mildew with a cockroach/mice infested shack. I have to call it and it's behind the  main house. The "landlord" charges $850.00 monthly and just raised it to $1050. My friend gave the landlord $300.00 and they said if they don't come up with $600 by 8pm tonight, they have to vacate the premises.There is no rental agreement but there is previous rent receipts and some type of template 3-day notice from them. Does my friend have any rights without a rental agreement? And if the landlord accepted $300 yesterday after the pay or quit notice given what rights do they have? And does the living conditions have any barrier on this situation, how can I stop them from locking me out or what rights do I have? How should I proceed?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it legal for the landlord to make me pay for the rental for the larger room until the new tenant comes in? I am in San Diego, California. I lived in a 2-bed room apartment and moved out on 3/4. I take the "rental responsible" option to break my leasing agreement. So I will pay the rental till new tenant move in. On 3/5, leasing center told me it has been re-rented and new tenant will move in on 3/23. But on 3/14, leasing center called me to inform that new tenant has decided to upgrade to 3-bed room. So that room is empty again. So they ask me to continuously pay the rental after 3/23 till new tenant. I wonder if it is legal?Thanks!Michael	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
If two parties cannot agree on a divorce settlement about how long does it take to get onto a court? If two parties cannot agree on a divorce settlement about how long does it take to get onto a court? The court would be in St. Louis?	Family Questions	Missouri
Need to void or change the 1099? Question:Hello. We have an LLC in which we filed a 1099 for a member who had drawn funds for personal use. This member has left the LLC.  We had originally classified the money as a draw.  When we had our tax return prepared the accountants reclassified the money as ~claim receivable~ do. We need to void or change the 1099.	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	California
Can a company compel a terminated employee to sign a document which will forfeit future legal protection? Can a company compel a terminated employee to sign a document which will forfeit future legal protection against said company based on the payment of owed severance per company policy?	Employment Questions	Virginia
What do you do if your ex gets pregnant and wants you to pay child support but she broke the condom? What do you do if your ex gets pregnant and wants you to pay child support but she broke the condom?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Does the custody transfer over to an elementary school as child gets older in regards to daycare pickup? If the court ordered paperwork states that the "father is to pick up the child from daycare on Tuesday and Wednesday", does that transfer over to an elementary school as the child gets older? Daycare provided care until 6, but the elementary school releases students at 3. The mother has been picking child up from school to accommodate the father's work schedule. Is mother obligated to pick child up if father has to work?Additional info: Joint legal custody, mother has physical custody. Father is ordered to pay child support to mother.	Family Questions	California
Can you get pee-tested for a non drug related case? Can you get pee-tested for a non drug related case?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Vermont
Can an employer deduct our pay rate because we lost washcloths? Can an employer deduct our pay rate because we lost washcloths?	Employment Questions	California
Is it law that a wife has to receive 50% of all assets? In Seminole Florida, is it law that a wife has to receive 50% of all assets; or can her husband leave his 3 children by previous marriage all the assets?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Can your landlord make adjustments and lay old, wet carpet in a paying tenants home? Can your landlord make adjustments and lay old, wet carpet in a paying tenant's home?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can my job fire me if I can&#39;t move? Can my job fire me if I can't move?	Employment Questions	Missouri
What can I do if my previous property owner refuses to let me get my property? I lived in Idaho and moved to Oregon on Jan 2012. I left my RV with all my personal belongings at the location I was living in at Payette county. With a verbal agreement, I would do yard work for my rent because I was unemployed. Then I moved in January with a verbal agreement that my property could stay there with no charge. But when I started working I would send some money to help out. Now the property owner refuses to let me get my property. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
What can I do if my landlord had my car towed away when we both have driveways? I am renting  a house under my landlord and we both have our own driveways. Hers is on the street on the next block and she put no parking signs on my drive way and had my husbands truck towed away. What can i do about that?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
How often by law should you get a raise? How often by law should you get a raise?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Legal if an employer tells a pregnant woman to not lift 30lbs when her doctor advised her not to? If a woman is pregnant and her Dr tells her not to lift over 30 lbs, yet her employer tells her she will lift 30 lbs or more or she can quit, is this legal?Thank you	Employment Questions	Michigan
If you turn your notice in, is it ok for the employer to just take you off the schedule? If you turn your notice in and intend of working it out, is it ok for the employer to just take you off the schedule and not let you work it out like you intended on and not even tell you about it? you have to find out from someone else.	Employment Questions	Florida
Can my ex take legal action against me if I don&#39;t pay ortho bill for our children? My ex informed me that 2 of our children need orthodontic work (more than $4,000) out of pocket. Per divorce documents, we split these costs 50/50, & I pay him within 30 days of receipt. However, the language of the divorce document is limited in defining much.I told him I couldn't afford to pay that kind of money and couldn't give my consent to proceed. I asked if we could set up a monthly payment plan with the ortho. office (which they offer), but he refused. He proceeded with the treatment anyway. Now he's emailed me the bill and told me he expects to receive my 50% w/in 30 days.Can he take legal action against me if I don't pay this bill? I told him I couldn't give my consent to treatment I couldn't afford.	Family Questions	Missouri
Can the father take their child without having mother consent to another state to visit family? Can the father take their child without having mother consent to another state to visit family?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What&#39;s the procedure if I have a LA decedent with Arkansas real property? I have a Louisiana decedent with Arkansas real property.  Procedure?	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
What should I do if I had employer withhold $750 and refuse to give hourly rate and overtime? I had employer withhold $750 and refuse to give hourly rate and overtime. What should I do?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I only pay my mortgage amount, excluding my insurance, without being foreclosed on? Can I only pay my mortgage amount, excluding my insurance and property tax which is included in my monthly mortgage payments, without being foreclosed on?	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
Anything I can do if my late grandmother&#39;s will did not include me? My grandmother passed away recently, and in her will she did not leave me anything.  My father was her eldest son, and after he passed away in 2002 her will was amended.  There is no mention of him nor of me in the will; her estate is divided among my two living uncles and my cousin.  My father was previously her executor, so I know that he was in her previous will.  I had a good relationship with my grandmother, so there is no reason I can think of for her to not include me.  The only thing that was brought up was my cousin mentioned in passing that I will "get everything of my mother's anyway".  I know my options are probably few, but is there anything I can do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Will it hurt me if I&#39;m supposed to be supervised with my child but I never am? I'm supposed to be supervised with my child and my husband's two children but I never am. Should i mention this at my next court date or will it hurt me?	Family Questions	West Virginia
Can a doctor Backer act you? Can a doctor Backer act you? Who can Backer act you?I was put in the hospital and after looking at my records it said I was Baker acted. My mother and brother said that they had any thing to do with it but I suspect they are lying. In my field for a job they do thou rough background checks and whoever did basically ruing my chances of ever getting a decent job again. If it was a couple of doctors I would like to sue them.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can a social worker make a parent take competency analysis for giving up a previous child? Can a social worker make a parent take competency analysis for giving up a previous child?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Do I need to carry comp insurance when it is a business run by family and all employers are family? Do I need to carry comp insurance when it is a business run by family and all employers are family?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
What do I need to do to be emancipated at 16? I'm 16 and would like to know what I need in order to become emancipated. I have a almost 2 year old son and I think it will be best if we live on our own since my family isn't taking responsibilities of the house.	Family Questions	Indiana
Can I be evicted for being 15 days late on rent? Can I be evicted for being 15 days late on rent?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
What is the legal process for a pregnant 16-year-old to move out of a custodial parents home? What is the legal process in Washington state for a pregnant 16 year old to move out of a custodial parents home? what paperwork is involved? and what if the mother she lives with gets upset when she has to supply support and pulls her back?	Family Questions	Washington
What are my financial responsibilities if my landlord chooses to sell the house instead of finding a new tenant? I broke my rental lease in California and my landlord chose to sell the house instead of finding a new tenant. What are my financial responsibilities?	Leasing Questions	California
Older female rejected for job because not &quot;fit&quot;. I was told I didn't get a job as a cashier (I have 16 years experience), because I don't fit. I am 64, heavy set female, and short. Is this what she meant by I don't fit?	Retail Law Questions	Utah
I was issued a TRO on 1-11-12 and now today I was removed from the home without a hearing. How can this happen when I have done nothing wrong? I was issued a TRO on 1-11-12 and now today I was removed from the home without a hearing. How can this happen when I have done nothing wrong?	Family Questions	California
Is this legal on how they pay us? My pay day is Friday but the company wont let you come to the office and get your check,  they mail it and sometimes it's Tuesday or Wednesday of the follwoing week before you get your money. Is this legal on how they pay us?	Employment Questions	Georgia
How much money for lawyer to close home? I bought a home for $6000 and I need a lawyer to do my closing. How much will I be spending? I need the lawyer to make how i have a clear deed on the house.	Legal Questions,Real Estate Questions	Arkansas
What is an example of a debt obtained through fraud or deception? What is an example of a debt obtained through fraud or deception?	Consumer Questions	New York
How much money can an elderly person gift to relatives within the 5 year limit to Medicaid in New York State? How much money can an elderly person gift to relatives within the 5 year limit to Medicaid in New York State?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can a QDRO terms be changed to something other than what the divorce decree states? Can a QDRO terms be changed to something other than what the divorce decree states?	Family Questions	Illinois
If someone drop the charges for credit card fraud can you still face jail time? if someone drop the charges for credit card fraud can you still face jail time?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Would my son file in the county he lives in or the county the child lives in for emergency custody? My son needs to file for emergency custody of his son. My son lives in a different county from his son. Would my son file in the county he lives in or the county the child lives in?	Family Questions	Florida
If I work 2 jobs with 1 laid off, can I still qualify for unemployment compensation? If I work two jobs, one full time and the second part time and laid off from the part time, can I still qualify for unemployment compensation?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have compensation for when I had seizures caused by a allergic reaction to pertussis vaccine? When I was 5 years old I had seizures caused by a allergic reaction to pertussis vaccine which made me have vision problems in my right eye until this day. I am 20 years old now I am wondering if I have a law suit to get compensation?	Personal Injury Questions	Massachusetts
What is the minimum wage for employees in the State of Indiana? What is the minimum wage for employees in the State of Indiana?	Employment Questions	Indiana
What to do if my landlord says I owe an utility bill for gas and the bill is in her name? Hi I need help. My landlord says I owe an utility bill for gas and the bill is in her name. She is now taking me to court, do I have anything to worry about if I didn't want this gas and her gas company brought it anyway? Please help!	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
How do remove 2 liens recorded on my property if they had judgements? I found 2 liens recorded on my property in Georgia.  Neither of these liens had judgments.  Can they do this, & how do I get them removed?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Where do we stand if we brought in a private campground membership and now it&#39;s publicly open? Years ago we brought in to a private campground membership and since then it has sold hands several times. now it is open to the public legally. Where do we stand and can they be sued and if so how do we go about it? thank you	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I file for economic relief for alimony, lawyer expenses and other rights? How do I file for economic relief for alimony, lawyer expenses and other rights? Is there a form to use as a guideline? (PA.)	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How and when are properties re-assessed for property taxes? I am thinking of purchasing a multi-family property in Hoboken, NJ.  How and when are properties re-assesed for property taxes?  Will my purchase affect the property tax and if so how?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can a medical bill be turned into collection if you are making payments on it? Can a medical bill be turned into collection if you are making payments on it? The hospital is Memorila Sloan in NY while I live in NJ.	Consumer Questions	New York
What IRS non-profit corp is best for a local foundation to provide donations to other non profits? What IRS non profit corporation is best for a local foundation to provide Economic Development, start up investment for local businesses, donations to other non profits? 501c3, c4, c5, c6. c7, c8, etc???	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Wyoming
If I will not be at the rented room for a month, can the owner sue if I only pay 50%? I have been renting a room in a woman's house for the past year. When I moved in, she didn't require a security deposit and she claims she waived it because of my low income situation. There are paper documents / official month to month lease or any documentation bearing both signatures. I text messaged my 30 day notice on July 26th and stated that august 20 th would be the last rent that I can afford. I said I would pay $375 for the 6 days + any furniture damage.  Shes demanding $750 for entire rent for month august -September  however I will not be there for that month, can she sue if I only pay 50% ?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I move in with my dad without my mom&#39;s permission when no one has custody? I am age 16. Neither one of my parents have custody since it was never established, but I have been living with my mom my whole life, visiting my dad every summer. I want to move in with him now but my mom does not want me to. My question is, can I move in with my dad without her permission and not get me or my dad in trouble?	Family Questions	Illinois
Is my son&#39;s ex-finacee obligated to return the ring to him if they ended it? My son is financing an engagement ring and has ended his engagement.  Is his ex-finacee obligated to return the ring to him?	Consumer Questions	South Carolina
What to do if my  ex violates the parenting agreement and the judge is taking a long time? I am the Father of 4.5 year old Alexus. Two years ago in our parenting agreement I was "awarded" 10 days out of the month to see my daughter. I have been trying for most of a year to get the time changed to 50/50. Without any money I don't have an attorney. I have missed some paperwork filing and now the judge is requiring that I meet with my ex's attorney (she is facing jail time for contempt of court due to what I have successfully filed) to try to work out a solution. There are many examples of my ex violating the parenting agreement, but the judge will only hear one at  time and hits me with delays for not knowing enough about the court system. I have a new job, can't take time off work without jeopardizing my job and need help.	Family Questions	Colorado
If my company fired me, should they have my paycheck at that time? If my company fired me, should they have my pay check at that time?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
Am I legally am obligated to pay the amount if he charges it in the future? 31 months ago I did not have the money for a new computer I needed so I asked my pastor to finance it through his BestBuy credit card. I told him I would pay him about $50.00 a month and he said don't worry about it, pay me how and when you can. I did however pay a $500.00 'deposit'. Recently I was on my final $50.00 payment and I received a letter from him saying that I was only $50.00 from completion but he included a P.S. stating that by not paying on time, he was charged a fee from Best Buy in the amount of $452.79. That is my issue. I don't think i should be charged the $452 and I don't know if I am or am not being charged for it. However, I would like to know if I legally am obligated to pay that amount if he charges it in the future?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
What is the required breaks for a 8-hour shift? What is the required breaks for a 8-hour shift?	Employment Questions	New York
What do I follow through with getting a Class D felony expunged or sealed in the state of Indiana? What do I follow through with getting a Class D felony expunged or sealed in the state of Indiana?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
How can I get my items returned from ex boyfriend? I was out of state for about a month on a family emergency and upon my return both my friend and boyfriend had hooked up living in our rented apartment. He will not return any of my items which are now in his storage unit. How can I have my items returned?	Criminal Questions	California
How much more can they legally take from my check concerning child support? In Illinois, I already pay $500 a month that comes out of my check for child support. I have $200 a month judgment for 3 years still active for a civil case. Now my ex is saying she is planning on suing me for thousands of dollars in unpaid medical bills and another $1000 for child care costs that the government program didn't cover. I know she didn't pay her half for those bills either. She claims they will give all the money to her instead of directly to the bill collectors. My real question is how much more can they legally take from my check? My take home pay bi-weekly is $500-$600, and that's before I pay the $200 judgement.How much more can they legally take?What are the limits?	Family Questions	Illinois
Is it legal for a business to trademark a logo that isn&#39;t being used by them? None	Trademark Questions	North Dakota
What rights do you have as a private contractor and far as receiving earned wages? What rights do you have as a private contractor and far as receiving earned wages?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
How many times can law firms change in one case? How many times can the company change law firms during a case with each law firm not knowing details of the case? Every new law firm changed after questionable tactics like, posting dating mail that has time limits, games with different doctors and deny medical care even after winning medical for life verdict unable to get medical supplies, this case is now 10 years and counting.	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can I be fired for asking about unpaid hours? I had unpaid overtime (500) hours. When asked, I was fired two days later. Also I was made to work a 23-hour day, is this legal?	Employment Questions	Florida
Could my old lawyer sue if I hired a new lawyer and he&#39;s interfering with my case? I fired a lawyer because he was not doing his job so I hired a new lawyer. But my old lawyer is still working on my case and is interfering. Could my old lawyer sue?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
In Alabama, is a lease agreement legally binding with no deposits being made and the leasee not receiving a copy of the lease? In Alabama, is a lease agreement legally binding with no deposits being made and the leasee not receiving a copy of the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
How long can you be suspended without pay? How long can you be suspended without pay?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Advice to take legal action for my 18-year-old daughter&#39;s biological father whom he fathered? I am a divorcee and would like to get an advice from a lawyer to take a legal action for my 18-year-old daughter's biological father whom he fathered? What kind of action shall I seek for this situation?	Family Questions	Hawaii
Legal for a company to charge a commission on something it had no part in providing (the shipment)? Ebay charges a commission on not only the purchase price of each item but also on the cost of shipping the item.  Is it legal for a company to charge a commission on something it had no part in providing (the shipment)?  If not, someone could mount a giant class action suit.	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I be made to work 60 hours a week as mandatory overtime? Can I be made to work 60 hours a week as mandatory overtime?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal if I currently got put on a lifting restriction at work and refused to let me do light work? I currently got put on a lifting restriction at work (I'm 6 1/2 months pregnant) and they refused to let me do light duty work and made me fill out my fmla papers. is that legal?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can a high school student move to a school of choice and continue playing sports? Can a high school student move to a school of choice and continue playing sports?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can we get our deposit if our contract states we can opt out if the condition of the roof does not meet? We are buying a house with a 26-year-old roof. Home inspection report states: "roof shingles are well beyond their rated design lives and are damaged and brittle." Sellers refused to replace the roof. Our contract states we can opt out if the condition of "the roof and flashings do not leak and are structurally sound" does not meet. Can we back up now with our deposit back? Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Do I deserve to lose my job for being disrespected? Can I sue my job if I get fired for a coworker saying something to me that's disrespectful but the manager on duty knew she had a problem with me? He didn't say anything to difuse the situation but I lost my job because she lost hers and there was no write up presented to me. I talked to the area coach and corporate and no one has called me back or contacted me any way possible.	Employment Questions	Virginia
Legal for a worker to not get any breaks if there is no one to replace him? My son works for noco. He works 8 plus hours daily. He is the only worker on his shift. He gets no breaks or dinner time because there is no one to replace him on his shift. Is that legal? How can this be changed?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Laws regarding job suspension pending in investigations when employee does not know what investigation is about? What are the laws regarding job suspension pending in investigations when employe does not know what investigation is about ?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How do we sell our duplex as individual units? A few family members of mine and I are developing a duplex from the ground up and need to know how to sell them as individual units?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Is it illegal to sell body parts? Is selling my body parts illegal?	Criminal Questions	California
Do I have to hire an attorney for filing for a qualified domestic relations order? Do I have to hire an attorney for filing for a qualified domestic relations order? I need to receive my  husband's retirement benefits.	Family Questions	California
True if the owner of the property might fix our windows that cracked because of the fire? Our neighbor next door garage caught on fire. The workers whose fixing the house said the owner of the property might fix our windows that cracked because of the fire. Is this true? I've been trying to contact her without any luck and we have no house insurance.	Family Questions	Illinois
Question regarding a manufacturer&#39;s questionable offer to send a sample of products? Re: California Commercial Code1792 and 1792.1Is a manufacturer's offer to send a sample of products in question their maximum  responsibility threshold in lieu  of answering  simple, pertinent inquiries then ignoring specifications and references on  apurchase order?They refused the return of the product after it was refused by the end user, the Federal Government. .With my subsequent losses over $125,000.00 in business, they have just sent their $2289.39 invoice to collections.I was recently informed  that their products were implicated through their prior distributor as part of a federal procurement scandal. There are huge gaps and discrepancies in their catalog and documentation.I am in San Diego.  Please Help!	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is it legal to be offered a premium wage to substitute overtime wages? Is it legal to be offered a premium wage to substitute overtime wages? I have been working overtime with me company for over two years, and only received and extra $1.50 an hour for each overtime hour. Am I entitled to receive back pay?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Does every board meeting need board resolution? Does a Board Resolution have to happen at a Board Meeting? Do the Minutes have to be created for such a meeting for every resolution?	Administrative Law Questions,Corporate Questions	Vermont
Can an employer require timesheets for salaried employees? Can an employer require time sheets for salaried employees?	Employment Questions	New York
How can I be assured that when I die that his part of my estate will go to him and not to his ex because he owes back support? I live in California. My husband died in Dec. 2011. I want to look into my trust and the beneficiaries of it. i have a son who is divorced and still paying child support, etc. How can I be assured that when I die that his part of my estate will go to him and not to his ex because he owes back support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What are the laws about smoking in your own apartment in Orange County? Hi, I would like to know the laws about smoking in your own apartment in Orange County, California?	Real Estate Questions	California
Till what age can a brother and sister share a bedroom in Florida? Till what age can a brother and sister share a bedroom in Florida?	Family Questions	Florida
How to take name off house title? I am a senior who owns two residences in CA & PA.  The CA home has three unrelated people listed on the title and I would like to get one of the names off so I can put both homes in a Revocable Trust (the remaining two names are the same on each title).Can this be done modestly?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What can we do if my disabled wife hasn&#39;t gotten her paycheck? My wife and I are on Disability. Her doctor has not sent the proper papers in for her short term disability. So she has not had a paycheck for 3 months this has caused us financial hardship and stress. I have called the doctors several times and the insurance company who does our short term stuff but still has not gone anywhere. We are about to lose our place our car. We have not been able to pay our bills or medications that are needed. What can we do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Oregon
What to do next if I&#39;m being sued for a repossession as I went to my court hearing but it&#39;s now in default? What to do next if I'm being sued for a repossession as I went to my court hearing but it's now in default?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Can Wells Fargo process my bills before entering my pay checks on Fridays causing me to overdraft? Wells Fargo processes my bills before entering my pay checks on Fridays causing me to overdraft.  Can they do this?	Consumer Questions	Minnesota
Can the union force you to pay dues or force my employer to fire me if I refuse to pay dues? Can the union force you to pay dues or force my employer to fire me if I refuse to pay dues, when I was not given the option to opt out in a timely manner?	Employment Questions	California
Can a landlord rent it to someone else and what&#39;s the time allowed to return the money to me? I gave a potential landlord a cash deposit on rent. Can they rent it to someone else and what's the time allowed to return the money to me?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
Can I amend my answer if I have submitted my short answer to a complaint filed for absolute divorce? I have submitted my short answer to a complaint filed for absolute divorce. Can I amend my answer? New information has come to light since my submission.	Family Questions	Maryland
Question regarding but showing up in court and what will the judge do? I can't show up in court. In my return statement to the court, I did admit I owe the money but wasn't working.  I received something to show up in court.  I can't.  What will the judge do?  Make me pay something every month?	Consumer Questions	Connecticut
Can our manager legally treat us with his threats if we don&#39;t obey his rules? I live in and work for a hotel and the new manger is making new rules everyday about having visitors in my room. When I can go in and out of the building and treats me and the other tenants like we are in a prison and that if we don't follow every new rule and order he gives us we can get out. Can he legally treat us like this with his threats? We are all low income or disabled. He doesn't own the hotel. His son does and he is overseas with his military unit and we have no way to contact him in this matter. I have been working in exchange for my rent and $200.00 wages per month and I haven't been paid for the last 2 months. Do we have any legal recourse we can take to stop his threats of kicking us out and intimidation?	Real Estate Questions	California
what are my rights for collecting unemployment benefits if I leave my job voluntarily? what are my rights for collecting unemployment benefits if I leave my job voluntarily because of anti-semetic  remarks that are being made to me by another employee?	Employment Questions	New York
In South Carolina is it the tenant&#39;s responsibly to change the air filters in the ac unit? In South Carolina is it the tenant's responsibly to change the air filters in the ac unit?	Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
What are my rights when my landlord is either selling or having the house foreclosed on?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
Illegal for a union rep to meet with the company solo during contract negotiation? Is it against the law for a union rep to meet with the company by himself during contract negotiation?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What do I need to do to get protection from liability? I need information on what I need to do to protect our business (not official we are yet to procure a business license) from liability. we repair IPhones and need to be protected from liability of breaking or damaging pieces. Also we call ourselves IDoctorz, but since we do not have this name trademarked will that cause any issues?	Corporate Questions,Trademark Questions	Georgia
What can happen if I fly back and forth from Vegas to NYC when there&#39;s an open case? I would like to travel to Vegas for four days but I have an open case and I'm under a program called task each in NYC. What can happen if I fly back and forth?	Criminal Questions	New York
Does a PFA supersede Legal custody as well as Physical custody? My ex and I have joint legal and physical custody. She put a false PFA against me since she didn't get sole custody like she wanted and is now making doctor appointments to have my children analyzed for autism and other mental disorders, as well as now taking them to a church that I do not approve of. Does a PFA supersede Legal custody as well as Physical custody?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an employer fire an employee for going to school? Can an employer fire an employee for going to school? Also can an employer harass an employee for calling in sick6 1/2 hrs. early?	Employment Questions	California
What are the steps for me to be able to get temporary custody of my sister&#39;s children? My sister lives in the state of Michigan. Her 3 children were taken away today by the State. I live in Florida. What are the steps for me to be able to get temporary custody of the children?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What do I do if I separated from my husband and won&#39;t give me my stuff and refuses a divorce? Hi, My husband and I have been living apart for 3 years. He won't give me back my gold jewelry or possessions. He refuses for a divorce and is mentally torturing me. what do I do ?	Family Questions	New York
Can I sue my employer for cursing at me? Can I sue my employer for cursing at me and if so what type of evidence would I need?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can a landlord discriminate for someone with a service dog? Can a landlord discriminate for someone with a service dog?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
Can my husband board up the  apartments without any notice to the tenants? My husband and I have been renting an apartment for at least 4 months now.  We have never been late on paying the rent . Can he board up the  apartments without any notice to the tenants?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I hold my rent till my manager gets rid of my Roach problem ? Can I hold my rent tell my manager gets rid off my Roach problem?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Question regarding foster parents? I have a question regarding foster parents. My sister has two foster children (borther and sister). She has had for the last 27 mos. Mom gave up her rights but dad, whom is illegal and is back in Mexico has decided he wants them sent to him. They had court at the beginning of the month and the judge decided to rule in favor of the dad, but her attorney filed an appeal with the courts. If this case is in the appeals process can CPS send them to Mexico before the case is heard in the court of appeals? The children are US citizens.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can charges be thrown out if both officer and I do not sign ticket? I was given a ticket and the officer did not sign the ticket. The officer did not ask me to sign it either. Is there a way to get charges thrown out?	Criminal Questions	Ohio
What to do if my landlord won&#39;t return my deposit? I put a deposit on an apartment in Rhode Island 2 weeks ago due to circumstances I can no longer afford the apartment. However, the landlord won't return my deposit. He says he's keeping the deposit for renovations on the apartment I was suppose to move in 7/7/12.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Question regarding my husband&#39;s late father&#39;s estate? My husband's dad died and his mom was the sole beneficiary of his estate which entitles them to all of his belongings. Plus he was in the army, but he never received anything from anyone. Can you help him? I know they have some funds out there somewhere.	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can we sue if we lost everything when my husband went 6 years without a correct diagnosis? My husband went 6 years without a correct diagnosis.  We lost everything and went on State Aide.  Can we sue and how?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is it a common law marriage if I lived with a woman for 19 years? I live in Illinois and living with a woman for 19 years. Is this a common law marriage?	Family Questions	Illinois
Could I have a case if my taxes were filed without my consent and I was not notified that a check was ready for me? Could I have a case if my taxes were filed without my consent and I was not notified that a check was ready for me?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
If I am an executor to a will and one person disagrees to my appoint, what happens? If I am an executor to a will and one person disagrees to my appoint as such what happens?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Why is my wife entitled  to the standards of CA for child support payments when she lived in AZ? My wife lives in Arizona and filed for child support then cancelled. She refiled in CA where I am living. Why is she entitled  to the standards of CA for child support payments?	Family Questions	California
How much can a landlord raise your month rent on a yearly basis? How much can a landlord raise your month rent on a yearly basis? Referencing to a annual renewal of a 12-month lease	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Question about restaurant employment and salary? I am a server in a restaurant (25yrs). My boss is pulling servers off the floor to make them hostess once or twice a week for $9.00 hr. We are losing approximately $150-200 every shift he makes us do this. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What&#39;s the legal term for disputing admin and late fee assessment? What's the legal term for disputing admin and late fee assessment?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
What to do if the dealership has been giving me the run around for 3 months? I purchased a new vehicle in '07.  I took my car into another dealership for repairs, and when they ran the VIN it turns out the car was registered to another individual in 06.  The dealership has been giving me the run around for 3 months.  What should I do?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
What forms necessary for FSBO in MD? When doing a FSBO  (single family house) in the state of Maryland, what are the necessary forms needed.  And where can you get the forms?	Real Estate Questions	Maryland
What do I do if someone is trying to sue me for my telephone number? Someone is trying to sue me for my telephone number. What do I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What damages am I entitled to if I&#39;m a home buyer and the seller is backing out of the deal? Hi I am a first time home buyer and I am supposed to going to closing in a few days. I recently found out that the seller is trying to back out of the deal. I am currently renting. I gave my landlord my thirty days notice. My question to you is, What damages am I entitled to?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it fraud if I bought a house with my boyfriend and assumed we were married? On my house that I bought they put on the documents that my boyfriend and I were married but we weren't. Our last names were the same and I never noticed it till now 8 years later. Is that fraud? I guess they assumed we were. Is this a legal issue?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is there anyway for somebody who is 17 to move out of their parents house? Is there anyway for somebody who is 17 to move out of their parents house?	Family Questions	New York
If the father of my 4-year-old gets taken to jail and he has custody of my son, what happens to my son? If the father of my 4-year-old gets taken to jail and he has custody of my son, what happens to my son?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
In what country can I publish book with American copyrighted material without being sued? What country can I publish a book containing some material in it that is American copyrighted and not get sued?	Copyright Questions	Texas
Can a felon own a hand gun in Minnesota? Can a felon own a hand gun in Minnesota? My first and only felony was in 1991 for drug possession.	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
if you are pregnant and not married can someone make you take a paternity test? if you are pregnant and not married can someone make you take a paternity test?	Family Questions	Georgia
Is it better, legally, for my un-married daughter to give her baby her last name? Is it better, legally, for my un-married daughter to give her baby her last name?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Okay for my kid&#39;s mom to have her boyfriend sleep in the same bedroom she shares with my son? Is it okay for my kid's mom to have her boyfriend of 2 months sleep in the same bedroom she shares with my 3-year-old son?	Family Questions	New York
If I have a general power of attorney of a grandchild that is living with me can the parent just take the child back after no contact for 1 year 6 months? If I have a general power of attorney of a grandchild that is living with me can the parent just take the child back after no contact for 1 year 6 months?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Can I move out of the state with my son if no written agreement has been made? Can I move out of the state with my son if no written agreement has been made? When his father pays for nothing and sees him once a week	Family Questions	North Carolina
What is the maximum penalty for being charged with leaving the scene of an accident? What is the maximum penalty for being charged with leaving the scene of an accident?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
How to remove someone off my daughter&#39;s birth certificate now that we know he&#39;s not the father? How can I go about removing someone off my daughter's birth certificate now that we know hes not the father? We have proof from a DNA test. They are charging him with child support but he is not the father.	Family Questions	Connecticut
I&#39;m being sued by a collection agency and I received a 1099-c form from the original creditor. Is that considered payment in full? I'm being sued by a collection agency and I received a 1099-c form from the original creditor. Is that considered payment in full?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
What are the laws about breaks and lunch breaks? What are the laws in Massachusetts about breaks and lunch breaks? If you work 9 hours a day how many breaks are you entitled to and how long will they be?	Employment Questions	Rhode Island
Anything I can do to get compensated for getting a rash at work and then suspended? I was hired by a company (altamont) that wanted me to go thru Manpower before hiring me and I did this worked there about a month and started getting a real bad rash. After the company seen this rash they suspended my job. I've been to Doctor and he had to give me a shot because this rash is so bad. He told me the shot contained about 10 steroid shots in one and now I'm taking prednisone pills for 5 days. I have no money coming in and in pain all the time from the swollen i have pictures of all this. Is there anything I can do to get compensated for this and what I'm going thru?Randy	Personal Injury Questions	Missouri
What is the best way to get a divorce fast with children? What is the best way to get a divorce fast w/children?	Family Questions	Kansas
Question regarding my divorce decree stating that I will help pay for my daughter&#39;s college? My divorce decree states that I will help pay for my daughter's college.  She is estranged and has very little to do with me.  She rarely returns phone calls, texts or emails.  Because she is an adult, 19 years old, sophomore, do I still have a legal obligation to continue to pay for college when she won't see me or speak with me?	Family Questions	Georgia
Is there statute of limitations for 3 year old property dues unpaid by previous owner? We bought a lot next door to our property three years ago.  We dealt directly with the owner, and did not use a title company.  Now the CIA is telling us that we are responsible for the dues that the previous owner never paid.  Is there a statute of limitations on how many years back they can go?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
How do I file a termination of Rights letter for the Biological father? How do I file a termination of Rights letter for the Biological father? Do I (the mother of child) file or does He file?	Family Questions	Florida
How old does my son need to be to decide who he wants to live with there is no custody papers involved? How old does my son need to be to decide who he wants to live with there is no custody papers involved?	Family Questions	Florida
What to do when being charged for a car that we returned? My husband took a car at a dealer 'MAYAS AUTO" and now that we returned the car because we had problems with it. Payments were over our paychecks and now that we returned it they are charging us the month because it started the day we return in 7/20/12. What can we do?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
How old does one have to be to begin working? How old does one have to be to begin working?	Family Questions	New York
Am I covered by worker&#39;s compensation law if I strained by back and I was hired off the street? I strained my lower back moving some furniture and boxes into a law firm.  I was hired off the street and wanted to know if I was covered by PA's workers compensation law?	Personal Injury Questions	New Jersey
How do I get an underage reduced to a misdemeanor? How do I get an underage reduced to a misdemeanor?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I still make payments on my home if it&#39;s in modification? My house in in modification. Do I still make payments on my home?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question about employment and 12-hour shifts? If I'm working a 12-hour shift (Monday to Friday) and my employer wants me to work Saturday also a 12-hour shift, is that legal?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What do you think I should do about getting right removed from a dead beat dad? What do you think I should do about getting right removed from a dead beat dad?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
What to do when I filed a restraining order on my baby&#39;s father but was lifted off with no evidence? I am 6 months pregnant. They baby's father has been very violent towards me. He follows me wherever I go. I'm scared for my life and my safety. I filed for a restraining order and it was granted. Once we went to court it was lifted because I didn't have sufficient evidence. I am unsure what to do now because I am once again feeling uneasy and unsafe. I'm not even comfortable going home without my parents taking me home. Is there anything further I can do? If so, what would you advise?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can a supervisor write you up and tell you that you will pay the consequences for not working after your 8 hours? Can a supervisor write you up and tell you that you will pay the consequences for not working after your 8 hours?	Employment Questions	Texas
Is it legal for a minor pregnant girl to live with her of age boyfriend in the state of Indiana? Is it legal for a minor pregnant girl to live with her of age boyfriend in the state of Indiana?	Family Questions	Indiana
If my mother dies, do I owe the full loan balance to my sister or smaller since I&#39;m also an heir? I and my sister are the only two heirs to my mother's estate. Presently I owe my mom $10,000. If my mother dies, do I owe the full $10,000 loan balance to my sister, or do I owe my sister only $5000 since I am heir to half of my mom's estate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Question regarding getting child support? I'm going for child support and my ex husband said that he will say that he was living with me all this year. Will I get in trouble since I was getting public assistance?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I keep my house if husband dies and investing my 401k? I'm considering investing my 401k money into buying property with my husband in the Keys in FL.  If he dies before me, how can I be sure that I will be able to keep my house? I'm concern that he will try to leave his share of the house to his 6 kids (none are ours together). How is this handled in the state of FL?  Since our names will be on all documents except the loan, I want to make sure that I protect myself for the future. You cannot be 100% sure of anything. Thank you very much.	Consumer Questions	New York
What do I do if the postal service has not paid in the time allowed and is still stalling? I had a case against the United States Postal Service. A settlement was made.  The postal Service has not paid in the time allowed and is still stalling around paying.  How long can they do this and what are the penalties?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have to leave blinds I purchased and installed in my apartment when I move out? I recently moved into a new apartment. When I moved in there was nothing on the windows as far as shades. I had to put towels up to cover windows. I bought wood blinds because the landlord did not intend on adding anything.  Do I have to leave them when I leave? The landlord says I have to. I asked if she wanted to buy them at a very reasonable rate and she said that she does not have to pay for them because I installed them. Is this true?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
Can an ex take control of a joint account that was opened over 20 years ago without her knowledge and under her then married name? Can an ex wife take control of  a joint account that was opened over 20 years ago without her knowledge and under her then married name? They have been divorced over 20 yrs. My father recently passed and we discovered that he had a joint account with his ex wife that he continued to use. His military retirement, social security etc. were deposited into this account. The ex had no knowledge of this account and therefore, did not contribute anything into it. Since the divorce, she has remarried several times and changed her name each time. She recently discovered this account and wants to keep everything! Can she do this?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
If you are the owner/landlord of a house, are you required to paint the interior walls? The last renter was there for 5 years. My husband doesn&#39;t believe me, so please answer ASAP, as we are leaving tommorrow to paint.	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Could I sue for harassment if my neighbor keeps filing false police reports on me and my family? My neighbor keeps filing false police reports on me and my family. Could I sue her for harassment?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
What is a presay? What is a presay?	Family Questions	Illinois
Since my landlord knew about the tax problems before moving, does this mean that she broke the lease? Ok, I moved into my apt on Feb 22. I signed a year lease. 5 weeks after we moved in we get a notice from the state that the property has been sold for back taxes. We have till august 23 to redeem. I don't have a clue what this means. I asked the land lady about this. She said not to worry about it. We have gotten two more notices now. My rent is due and if I pay I won't have enough money to move. Since she knew about the tax problems with this place before I moved in and I signed a year lease does this mean that she broke the lease? I signed the lease thinking that so long as I paid my rent that I would have a place to live for the next year. I feel like she has lied to me from the day I moved in.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What can I do to get my daughter to live with me instead of my ex? My sixteen-year-old daughter is down here from Adams County, Ohio visiting for the summer. She has a job here and wants to go to school down here and move in with me (her mother). Her father has custody of her but she hasn't lived with him for two years. She stays with my ex's mother-in-law or with my parents in Ohio. What can I do to help her stay with me in Georgia?	Family Questions	South Carolina
Can employers prohibit cell phones from being in the place of employment? Can employers prohibit cell phones from being in the place of employment (ie Drs office) and if caught with them, or using them, can they fine the employee $25?	Employment Questions	New York
Do I have a lawsuit against my former job if they fired because of my attendance issues when I was pregnant? I was fired from my job due to attendance issues is what the HR manager told me.  I am 15 weeks pregnant with twins and my immediate supervisor told me to have all the documentation of appointments and doctor appointments and that the days missed would be covered.  HR said we don't accept excuses for anyone else so we can't accept them for you.  Do I have a lawsuit?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Is agreement binding if generated by 3rd party for 2 other parties? Contract Generation:Can a disinterested, 3rd party Company generate a legally binding "agreements" between two interested parties, A & B?What are the laws regarding this?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	Texas
Would I be able to sue if I broke my ankle in front of a city park and needed surgery? I fell on Aug. 24, 2012 and just had surgery on Sept. 7, 2012. I broke my ankle. I fell in front of a city park on 54th street in 9th ave. Would I be able to sue?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
How do I legally get my 22-year-old son out of my house? How do I legally get my 22-year-old son out of my house? I have asked him many times to leave and he won't go.	Family Questions	North Carolina
Are we still bound by the lease if the landlord put it on the market and sold the house? We have 2 months left in our rental lease. We wanted to get out of our lease. We asked the landlord if he would let us out of our lease if we found someone to rent the house. He said yeah, we could probably do that. He decided not to rent the house but to put it on the market and sell the house. So, are we still bound by the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Kansas
When two people are on a lease and one is not paying anything, is there a way to evict that person? When two people are on a lease and one is not paying anything, is there a way to evict that person?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I have legal rights to put some staff for sailing at auction house because my husband for more then 10 years sold some and does not give me money after sale? Do I have legal rights to put some staff for sailing at auction house because my husband for more then 10 years sold some and does not give me money after sale?	Consumer Questions	Missouri
Is there anyway to work around my electric if it&#39;s under my ex&#39;s name but is out of state? My electric is in my ex-boyfriend's name and he is out of state and unable to come back down to Florida. JEA wants him to come and confirm he is letting me use his account. He isn't on the house lease, I was wondering if it was illegal or if there is any way we can work around this?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a private citizen sue the USPS in small claim court? Can a private citizen sue the USPS in small claim court? If so, who is named in suit?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is it industry standard if we are only being paid scale wages while being loaded? I am currently working for a major construction company who is being contracted to haul material out of the Harrisburg incinerator to Columbia landfill. We are only being paid scale wages while being loaded (15min) not while transporting. Is this the federal or industry standard? Thank you.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can scheduled foreclosure be suspended if past due payments are made? A legal office representing my mortgage company has schedule a foreclosure day on my house in the next 6 business days. I have contacted the lender and asked if i could get all the past due payments to them by cashiers check, if they would suspend the foreclosure, I was told no! Is this right?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What is the difference between a will and a living trust? What is the difference between a will and a living trust?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Landlord tenant issue Michigan Hud elderly housing, privately owned buildingCan owner or bldg. manager attach a tenant's income if it is totally Social Security income?	Leasing Questions	Michigan
Can I marry my girlfriend of a year from Austria in a court house? Can I marry my girlfriend of a year from Austria in a court house? By a friend who is license or in Las Vegas?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Is there a way that I can delay foreclosure on the house because of debts incurred? I recently lost both my parents whose names are on the mortgage.  My name is on the deed but not on the mortgage.  I am having difficulty paying the mortgage.  The will has not yet been probated.  Is there a way that I can delay foreclosure on the house because of debts incurred?Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
How can deceased mother&#39;s children change locks on her house? My mother died on Saturday in FL. We, her 3 kids, live in 3 other states. We have her will and we are the executors. We want to change the locks on her house asap. Can we do that? AND how?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Does a board of trustees have a right to govern what you are paid when they are not involved? I am an employee of 23 years. I have been bullied and abused by my bosses, but I have never said anything to anyone for fear of losing my job. Does a board of trustees have a right to govern what you are paid when they are not involved and don't care? I have worked all my life and been used. At the present time I only bring home 266.41 per week. How are they allowed to get away with this?	Employment Questions	California
What do I do as a property owner if people are behind on their mortgage? I hold a second mortgage on a property in Chicago IL. They are 2 months behind on their mortgage they sent in one payment and is still 21 days late on the January payment. They have also been at less 21 days late the whole year of 2011. I did talk with them about paying their late payment they have refuse. I try calling them they have disconnect they phone. What can I do?	Finance Questions	Illinois
Landlord responsible for supplying air conditioning when there is a central air unit? Is the landlord responsible for supplying air conditioning when there is a central air unit? Two of the tenants have major breathing problems in a rented house.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Does ex have any legal obligations towards me if he placed my name on his E-bay account? My ex-fiancee placed my name on his  E-Bay account while we were together. Does he have any legal obligations towards me?	Consumer Questions	California
Can we do anything if my husband&#39;s sons might have to move back with their abusive mother? My husband has had temporary custody of his two sons for 7 months.  The mom was investigated for physical abuse and the boys hate going over there.  She has visitation now but works on her visitation days and does not tell my husband until the day before her scheduled visit. We are going to court in 4 weeks and I am afraid the boys will have to move back in with her.  Can we do anything to help this situation?	Family Questions	Missouri
What steps can we take to remove the attorney and appoint a new executor? My brother died over a year ago he had no will and was divorced with one child my niece she is 13. My ex sister-in-law appointed a lawyer as the executive to his accounts and wants to name me instead because I am very close to me niece and my brother did name me her legal guardian. What steps can we take to remove the attorney and appoint a new executor?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
How can you stop car repo if you have the money to catch up the payments? How can you stop car repo if you have the money to catch up the payments? The only offer they are making is 4000 dollars a month for the next three months.	Consumer Questions	Florida
What are the individual rights of unmarried couples whom have children? None	Family Questions	Washington
If you are picked up for an involuntary psychiatric evaluation, what rights do you have? In the state of Georgia, if you are picked up for an involuntary psychiatric evaluation and the hospital has been telling you the doctor is on the way what rights do you have?	Family Questions	Georgia
If my parents who has had full custody of my son, can he file and emergency hearing for weekends? If my parents who has had full custody of my son between me and my husband for 11 years can he file and emergency hearing for weekends? after paying no child support and has been using drugs off and on for 11 years get granted that by the judge. He also is on probation at this time for identity theft and stolen checks.	Family Questions	California
Rent I moved in to a house and never signed a lease or any paper of sort. I had to move out because I was not going to continue school. Can the landlord do anything legal to me?	Real Estate Questions	Mississippi
Can an underage girlfriend legally see an adult boyfriend without parental consent? My girlfriend is 17, I just recently turned 19 and her mother forbids her to see me now because of my age. Is there anything we can do?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions	Illinois
Will my license get suspended if I got an MIP in FL and I live in GA? Will my license get suspended if I got an MIP in FL and I live in GA?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can I pay past due medical bills through court? I was recently served with small claims papers for a couple of medical bills that I wasn't able to pay. My supervisor cut my hours and I still don't have the money to pay the whole amount they are asking for, is there a way to still make payments through the court?	Consumer Questions	Oregon
In the state of West Virginia, if a tenant has already just moved into a house and the landlord gives them a lease to sign and they refuse to sign it, are they not tresspassing and there illegally?	Leasing Questions	Ohio
If my ex claims our daughters as dependents, who is responsible for their tax filings? My ex-husband claims our daughters as dependents - who is responsible for their tax filings?  Can I be held responsible to pay for their tax return submissions?  Also, he has claimed my oldest daugher as a dependent even though she claims herself with her employers after she turned 18.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Utah
Why is there no income averaging anymore? Why is there no income averaging anymore?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can someone that has guardianship tell the person with visitation what they can do? can someone that has guardianship tell the person with visitation what they can or can't do with said children?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can a landlord change a tenant&#39;s lock? Can a landlord change a tenant's lock?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
In RI What is the statutory interest rate in personal injury matters in settlements and when does interest  begin? Does it happen at time of filing or when accident happened? Do I have to have a court or jury judgment for the interest to be awarded?	Legal Questions	Rhode Island
What is a legal separation? What is a legal separation?	Family Questions	Oregon
What to do if I was fired for false accusation of stealing $10 from my workplace? I was accused of taking 10 dollars from my workplace, and I got fired. I didn't do it.	Employment Questions	New York
Could I file an emergency child custody if my ex is keeping any kind of contact from me and my kids? My ex-husband is keeping any kind of contact from me and my kids. Could I file an emergency child custody?	Family Questions	Florida
Is it legal or a violation of my rights and the constitution? I never signed a birth certificate for my daughter or seen a judge or sign anything legal. The Michigan friend of court is charging me child support. Is it legal or a violation of my rights and the constitution?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can a person use a power of attorney to get a divorce? Can a person use a power of attorney to get a divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can a landlord evict you after you&#39;ve called codes and compliance on them? Can a landlord evict you after you've called codes and compliance on them?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
How likely is it that I could get full custody of my son if I were to divorce? With me, the father, being in the United States army and my wife being unemployed, how likely is it that I could get full custody of my son if we were to divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Question about parental rights to child support? My mother who lives in Georgia was given sole custody of my son from the Manhattan family Court. The father and myself are suppose to have supervised visits with the child in Georgia as well as  give 30 day notice to my mother. I reside in Brooklyn and the father currently resides in the Bronx. However my mother applied for child support from the father as he has never paid child support since the baby was born and he is now 3 years old. As a tactic to not pay child support the father had my mother subpoena to go to the Bronx family court stating that she and myself will not allow him to visit with the child. The father has not attempted to contact my mother and my mother sent him two letters in regards to the child and they were both returned.	Family Questions	New York
When I finally found my son&#39;s father, my son was 17. The court said any prior years were another case. Is this true? None	Family Questions	New York
After paying child support, am I responsible for paying daycare as well? After paying child support, am I responsible for paying daycare as well?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
What do I do to remove a trailer from a park after 72-hour notice? What do I do to remove a trailer from a park after 72-hour notice?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is there a time limit for a landlord to send repair bills to a previous tenant?  I moved out of my apartment two years ago and they are just now trying to send me a bill for painting and carpet replacement.	Leasing Questions	North Dakota
Legal for a spouse to execute the will while in the hospital? In the State of Illinois, If a spouse executes a will while in the hospital, and is in ill health, without the knowledge of the other spouse, is this elder abuse or legal?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
What should I do if my condo board is demanding that i park off the premises? I am a renter and my condo board wants to prevent me from parking my car which has a small oil leak on newly sealed driveway?  they're also demanding that I park off the premises.  Parking spots are assigned as part of the lease agreement.	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if we would like to have my son&#39;s child who never claimed her? My son has never claimed his child. The baby's mother was just killed in a car accident. She is in Texas with her great grandmother. We are in VA. We would like to have her here with us. What should we do?	Family Questions	Virginia
Is my ex entitled to be my sole survivor after 20 years and remarriage? In my 1991 final divorce judgement there is a clause naming my ex-husband  to be my sole survivor, without a mention of a time limit, or until I remarried.  I am about to retire, surely my ex isn't entitled to be my sole survivor after 20 years and remarriage?  Is there case law around this kind of situation?	Family Questions	California
Question about privacy? Can someone from comp come and ask questions at your house to male sure you are alive and getting your checks? Also can they pur a camera or listenig devise in your home with out your consent?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is it legal for an officer of the law to text and drive in Michigan? Is it legal for an officer of the law to text and drive in Michigan?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Does the new organization structure have the right to cut my salary between 30-50%? I have worked for my company for 15 years. In June, a company-owned subsidiary of my company will take over my group. Technically, I will still work for the same company. Does this new organization structure have the right to cut my salary between 30-50%? And deny me unemployment if I decline to sign for the cut? I live in NY.	Employment Questions	Connecticut
What is the legality of a college institution banning any action, such as smoking of cigarettes, in personal cars on campus? What is the legality of a college institution banning any action, such as smoking of cigarettes, in personal cars on campus? All smokers are of age.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How much income will I be left to live on if my wife divorces me? How much income will I be left to live on if my wife divorces me?  We live in Illinois if that is a factor.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Wisconsin
How long on a month to month does a landlord have till he has to change the carpet? How long on a month to month, in Orange County, does a landlord have till he has to change the carpet?  And do upgrades?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
If we decide to get divorced do we split everything in half? If we decide to get divorced do we split everything in half? What is law in PA?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it possible for me to get custody of my daughter&#39;s friend if she&#39;s living in a bad situation? I have been looking for ways to get custody of my daughter's friend who is in a bad living situation at home. Is it possible for me to get custody of her, and how?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can my children&#39;s father have all back payment of child support dropped? Can my children's father have all back payment of child support dropped?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can I sue and collect any money if my signature was forged by the agent who sold it to me? My long term care policy signature was  forged by the agent who sold it to me. I got reimbursed for all the months I paid for and canceled the policy. Can I get sue them and collect any money?	Criminal Questions	New York
Do you need a security license in MA to supply event staff for functions and special events? Do you need a security license in MA to supply event staff for functions and special events?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
Are face recognition and license plate cameras legal in apartment complex? In Florida, Hillsborough County, on private property, an apartment complex entrance, are face recognition and license plate cameras legal? These are private citizens entering and exiting their residences being monitored.My email is&#74;&#x6f;&#x65;&#x37;&#x31;&#48;&#x62;&#111;&#121;&#x40;&#x67;&#x6d;&#97;&#x69;&#108;&#46;&#x63;&#x6f;&#109;Looking forward to your reply.Joe	Privacy Questions	Florida
Would I be able to fence my neighbor&#39;s driveway in when I fence the whole property? I bought land in Florida and part of my neighbor's driveway is on my land. Would I be able to fence it in when I fence the whole property?Thanks bob	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is Civil Rule 60(b)(7) applicable in Washington DC? Is Civil Rule 60(b)(7) (error in judgement found by minor) applicable in Washington, DC? And if so, are there any case studies surrounding it?	Litigation Law Questions	District of Columbia
What to do if I want my grandson&#39;s mom out of my house? My grandson's mom is living in my house for 6months.  We are arguing and can not get along.  I ask her to leave, but she is still in my home.  I never charged her rent, but was going to claim her on my taxes.  I want her out of my house.  I live in Willingboro, NJ.	Family Questions	New Jersey
Can guardian of minor have felony? Can someone in New York who has a felony charge against them become a guardian of a minor?	Family Questions	Florida
If I have proof my wife cheated on me &amp; gave my work schedule would I win custody of my two sons? If I have proof my wife cheated on me with several guys off a random site and was giving them my work schedule would I win custody of my two sons?	Family Questions	Florida
Does PA recognize common law marriages? Does PA recognize common law marriages?	Family Questions	Alabama
As a former homeowner whose home recently sold at auction, do I have 30 days to vacate the property? As a former homeowner whose home recently sold at auction, do I have 30 days to vacate the property? Our home sold on 6/14 and we are moving into our new home on 7/1. We wanted to ensure that we and possessions will not be locked out during our move. I have tried to meet with the property manager for our current home and she failed to show up or call me. I told her that we wanted to work with her and I agreed to maintain property until our last day in the home. I have received no response from the property manager.	Real Estate Questions	California
Can a mortgage company sue you instead of foreclosing on property? Can a mortgage company sue you instead of foreclosing on property?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What happens if I don&#39;t show up for a status hearing in a divorce?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can mother place lien on house sold to daughter? My mother needs to file lien on a house she sold to her daughter. The Closing paperwork stipulates daughter to pay mother 17K in 1yr. 5 years have passed now house and it's going up for auction Oct 15 with unpaid taxes. Can my mom place a lien for her 17K? Which lien form?	Family Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
If my daughter&#39;s lease has a $10 late fee but the owner says presumably she a $178 late fee and must be paid soon, can they evicted for that? My daughter's lease isn't up till August 1 2012. She has in the contract they pay $10.00 a day late fee every day after the 3rd of every month their late. They paid the rent but owe he says $178.00  late fee. Today they told them if they don't pay the late fee to be out by wed. Can they be evicted just like that?	Leasing Questions	Missouri
If spouse has sent me a petition for divorce and I don&#39;t sign agreement can she still get the divorce? If spouse has sent me a petition for divorce and I don't sign agreement can she still get the divorce in the state of Ky?	Family Questions	Kentucky
What to do if my son sold a four wheeler and never received the money for it? "My 14 year old son sold a four wheeler and never received the money for it. The man that he sold it to is refusing to pay for it. I have thebill of sale documentin my name. What rights do we have?"	Consumer Questions	Alabama
What to do if I&#39;m in a dispute with HOA? What to do if I'm in a dispute with HOA?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
what is the process for eviction? what is the process for eviction?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Can I sue a motel for the money it was stolen from me while I was staying there? Can I sue a motel for the money it was stolen from me while I was staying there?	Criminal Questions	Texas
Will my husband be able to return home after a retraining order has been lifted? Will my husband be able to return home after a retraining order has been lifted? His lawyer doesn't want him returning until the next court date. Nov 16th. Is this common? the charges are for domestic violence	Family Questions	Colorado
Will the father have to pay child support even if I claim all rights now that his girlfriend is pregnant? Will the father of my child have to pay child support even if I claim all rights now that his current girlfriend is pregnant also?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Can a great grandparent trick me into signing my rights over to her? Can a great grandparent trick me in to signing my rights over to her? I did not know what I was doing at the time and now have changed my mind. Can I get my son back or is  it to late? Was I suppose to go to court to let her adopt him or could I do it in a lawyers office like we did?	Family Questions	Georgia
What to do if In my child support case i have been told I&#39;m old for back pay and I don&#39;t? What to do if In my child support case i have been told I'm old for back pay and I don't?	Family Questions	California
if you have a child support lien against you, can they take your car even if it&#39;s in someone else&#39;s name? if you have a child support lien against you, can they take your car even if someone else's name is on the title and my name second?	Family Questions	Florida
What is my first step to modify the child support if my divorce was an out-of-court-settlement? My divorce was granted following an out-of-court settlement. Now, I need to modify child support. I've moved from the county where the divorce was settled. What is my first step to modify?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Once an executor has been removed in a probate case  how does his past behavior become irrelevant? Once an executor has been removed in a probate case  how does his past behavior become irrelevant?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Can a felon work for a manor in Michigan? Can a felon work for a manor in Michigan?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Can a person with a Medical POA restrict a friend from seeing the principal? Can a person with a Medical POA restrict a friend from seeing the principal?  My husband was told by the police he was not allowed to visit a woman he's been taking care of because the neighbor got a POA and said so.  It doesn't seem right to me.	Wills and Trusts Questions	New Mexico
How can I get my deposit back? Dear Sir/MadamI rented the house for 11 months since last October. My previous landlord didn't give my Rent deposit when I moved to the new house. I haven't  signed any lease agreement.How can I get my deposit back?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can property claim to be owned by my ex-roommate with 3 months back rent not paid? Can property claim to be owned by my ex-roommate with 3 months back rent not paid?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can they put a lien on my father&#39;s two checks? My father is 81 and mother is 80 years old. They have spent their savings for assisted living for her w/dementia for the past two years. The money ran out so she had to be moved another home with medicaid helping along.  Her check goes directly to medicaid. My dad lives with me and his income is a social security check and a retirement check. About $2400 a month and he is not well either. There was a balance of $15,000 owed to the first home. They called yesterday and threatened to place a lien on him. I'm not quite sure what that means because he doesn't own a home. Can they put a lien on his two checks? Also, should I try to send them some money every month? Please help. Thank you.Sandra	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
how long does the divorce papers take? how long does the divorce papers take?	Immigration Questions	Virginia
Can a parent still collect child support for a child who currently resides and attends school in another state? Can a parent still collect child support for a child who currently resides and attends school in another state if parent still supports said child?	Family Questions	Wyoming
Am I still entitled to my draw check with no commissions earned if I was recently let go? I recently got let go from my company working in sales. My pay was draw vs commission. Am I still entitled to my draw check with no commissions earned? Thank you.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my employer hold my paycheck for 90 days? If I quit my job, can my employer hold my paycheck for 90 days in Michigan?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can GA refuse to deny my request to use my working overtime? I'm employed by the State of Georgia but will be quitting soon.  Can GA refuse to deny my request to use the remaining balance of my GA Comp time I have accumulated for working overtime?  I hoped to use the remaining comp time before my last day of work.	Employment Questions	Georgia
How can a father get full custody? How can a father get full custody?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Involved in a divorce where my someday ex has an order for child support? i am involved in a divorce where my someday ex has an order for child support that I pay cause of our daughter and now has moved quit paying her lawyer using my insurance. I need to know what I can do to finish this . I feel like the lawyers are taking advantage of the situation to make more money and I am ready to complain to the bar if I cant get an answer to end this. Please help me.	Family Questions	Illinois
Is it legal the company doesn&#39;t pay during the holidays? Is it legal the company doesn't pay during the holidays?	Employment Questions	California
Is my spouse entitled to 1/2 of my pension/401K? Is my spouse entitled to 1/2 of my pension/401K? I was told she was.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can a vehicle have amber dash lights? Can a vehicle have amber dash lights?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Washington
What is owner&#39;s liability of people swimming in a private pond? What is owner's liability of people swimming in a private pond?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How many hours a day does an employee need to work in order to get a break? How many hours a day does an employee need to work in order to get a break? If the employer won't give you a break what can be done about that?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What is the max days to work before getting day off? What is the maximum days an employer can make you work in the state of Pennsylvania before giving you a day off?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If a basement floods in a rental property, who is held liable for damage? If a basement floods in a rental property and the tenants personal belongings are damaged, who is held liable for damage?	Family Questions	Florida
If I agreed to a workman&#39;s comp settlement but haven&#39;t signed the paper work can I change my mind? If I agreed to a workman's comp settlement but haven't signed the paper work can I change my mind?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What are the age limits to be left alone? I have 50/50 custody of my 10-year-old daughter. Her father leaves her home alone with a 16-year-old boy while at work. Is this ok? What are the age limits to be left alone?	Family Questions	California
How would divorce papers be drawn up in a case where there are children as a result of the marriage, but neither party has custody of the children? How would divorce papers be drawn up in a case where there are children as a result of the marriage, but neither party has custody of the children? The mothers parents were awarded temporary custody. Also how would the father obtain the court records for the custody case involving the children?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What can I do legally to make sure that my child support payments are correctly sent to me? My ex-husband refuses to pay the full amount of child support set forth by a judge in the court of hall county yet has been put on probation to make sure it is paid to me. What can I do legally in this situation to make sure that my child support payments are correctly sent to me?	Family Questions	Georgia
I would like to know if my deceased landlord&#39;s son can evict us (tenants) from a foreclosed building? i would like to know if my deceased landlord's son can evict us (tenants) from a foreclosed building?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
If you signed a contract and it states payment upon completion of work, can you be sued if not complete? If you signed a contract and it states payment in full upon completion of work how can you be sued if the work is not complete?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can you counter sue a plaintiff and additional defendants to the counter claim in small claims court? Can you counter sue a plaintiff and additional defendants to the counter claim in small claims court in the state of Michigan?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Possible to get my parental rights back if I turned my life around? My parental rights were terminated by cys due to my addiction to drugs. My daughter was adopted by my parents. I have since then turned my life around and I have been able to see my daughter pretty much whenever I want. Is it possible to get my parental rights back?	Family Questions	Arizona
How do I go about getting my son&#39;s father to pay his child support? I want to know how do I go about getting my son's father to pay his child support?	Family Questions	Kansas
Is there a good reason for the average citizen in Oregon to accept a certified letter? Is there a good reason for the average citizen in Oregon to accept a certified letter? Or sign for one, or pick it up from the post office? What happens if you turn down the mailman's attempt to deliver one?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
What to do if I received a thirty day notice with no explanation? I received a thirty day notice with no explanation.  I always pay rent on time.  My landlords doesn't like me because I stand up for my rights and am vocal about justified complaints.  Also, I am gay, and I think they are discriminating against me.	Consumer Questions	California
Are there any laws in Kansas stating that students in high school cannot hug or kiss?	Education Questions	Kansas
Does both parents have to be present in court for a child support case? Does both parents have to be present in court for a child support case?	Family Questions	Louisiana
What to do if I reported sexual harassment and the person denied it and claims I do drugs at work? I reported sexual harassment at work and now the person who harassed me denies it and claims that i do and deal drugs at work.	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is bankruptcy a civil action? Is bankruptcy a civil action?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I have any right to go back to the apartment and get the rest of my things out? I moved out of the place that I lived, my name is still on the lease, however my former roommate moved someone else in before I had all of my things removed from the apartment.  Do I have any right to go back to the apartment and get the rest of my things out?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can hourly employees take partial meal breaks or must they take the full 30 minutes? Can hourly employees in CA take partial meal breaks or must they take the full 30 minutes?	Employment Questions	California
Does an employer have to provide entire uniform for its employees? does a employer have to provide entire uniform for its employees if the company require their employees to wear uniforms?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Law that union workers are to be taken back before the company can hire from outside? I'm a union worker and was laid off is it a law that if job openings become available the union workers are to be taken back before the company can hire from outside thank you	Employment Questions	New York
Can a part time job demand any health documents due to an injury? Can a part time job, which does not provide any benefits, demand any health documents due to an injury?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Entitled to a break after so many hours even if they are part-time? Are all employees entitled to a break after so many hours even if they are part-time, i.e. hostess at a restaurant? My daughter works over 4 hours and is told she cannot get a break. I thought you had to get 15 min break after 4 hours.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If the apartment issues that need repairing are not fixed and I choose to give a 30day notice do I have to pay the rent for the month before we move? I am looking for information abount tenant rights in SLO County. I am currently living in a home where the heater does not work, there is a leaking roof, broken window frames and many other things that we are having trouble getting the landlord to fix. They are holding a security deposit of $2500. If the things that need repairing are not fixed and I choose to give a 30day notice do I have to pay the rent for the month before we move?	Real Estate Questions	California
What measures do I need to take to have my name removed from a birth certificate that is not mine? What measures do I need to take to have my name removed from a birth certificate of a child that is not mine (determine from a paternity kit)?  I recently filed a petition for paternity through the court.  Also how do I have child support terminated?	Family Questions	District of Columbia
Can I get unemployment while on worker&#39;s comp after getting dismiss from my job? Can I get unemployment while on worker's comp after getting dismiss from my job?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What rights does the two owners have if they want to sell but their partner doesn&#39;t? There are three owners: two owners want to sell, one owner doesn't. What rights does the two owners have?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can two adults adopt each other? Can two adults adopt each other?	Family Questions	Michigan
What can I do about paying child support if I don&#39;t have an income? What can I do about paying child support if I don't have an income? I am not able to work. I filed for SSI but I haven't got it. I appealed the case and it's pending, but the judge wants to put me in jail if I don't pay  $9,240 by August 26,2012. She expects me to pay $440 a month but I don't have an income and I am disabled. What can I do to avoid jail time? I am worried because my hands is tied and my back is against the wall.	Family Questions	New York
If my mom spends the child support which leaves me empty handed, can I receive my own child support? I'm seventeen and I live with my mom. I receive child support from my father, which is taken directly out of his check and sent through my mom. My mom spends the child support which leaves me empty handed. Can I receive my own child support?	Family Questions	Alabama
When can an employee receive his check after termination? When can an employee receive his check after termination?	Employment Questions	Georgia
How long does state of GA have to indict after arrest? How long does the state of Georgia have to indict you after your arrest?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can a landlord use my rent payments for legal fees without my consent?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	New York
Am I allowed to buy out part of my lease? Am I allowed to buy out part of my lease? Our names are both on the lease and I haven't lived there since June. She is impossible to live with and my landlord told me I can't buy out my lease unless we both do. I just want to buy it out and make her sign her own lease am i allowed to?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
My dad&#39;s will My dad passed away. He had a will & my stepmother will not put it into probate. She just passed away. What can I do to get my dads things before her kids get it? They were only married for 4 years I don't believe she was entitled to all of my dad's stuff.	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Is it possible to get custody of my daughter? I am a father. I have a five year old daughter who is about to be six soon. I was only 14 when I had her, since I was still underage I had no choice but to leave her behind with her mother whom is 2 1/2 years older and was an legal adult when my family moved to Alabama. I've been put on child support since 19. It has past 4 months since the mother of my daughter does not have her and I am continuing to pay for child support. I want to try & get custody is that possible?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Missouri
Can I legally break my lease and get my security deposit if the landlord is using my space for his things? I moved into my apartment in June 1, 2012. I signed a one year lease and at this point 6 weeks later the landlord still has the closet full of his things. He l has mail delivered to this mailbox and he still has a mailbox key.  At this point I am fed up with it and was wondering If I can legally break my lease and get my security deposit back?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How does the next of kin get personal property or how can they find any monetary assets? How does the next of kin get personal property or how can they find any monetary assets?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Wisconsin
Question regarding my lawyer incompetently filing my paperwork for bankruptcy? I paid my lawyer to file bankruptcy and he said ok and collected my paperwork . He then kept putting me off and after a year I found that he never did file. Now he wants to start over again. Can he be sued for this ?	Employment Questions	California
How do I get a divorce if I don&#39;t have an address for him to give him the papers? How do i get a divorce if I don't have an address for him to give him the papers?	Family Questions	Virginia
Is it legal for the landlord to ask for first, last, and security? Is it legal in Massachusetts for the landlord to ask for first, last, and security? Or are they only supposed to ask for 2 out of the 3?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
What are the buyers rights? Buyer intends to purchase a bank owned foreclosure (REO) which is occupied by a tenant that(A) Signed a lease before the foreclosure & is still valid.(B) Signed a lease after the foreclosure & is still valid.What are the buyers rights in removing the tenant in case (A) & (B)?Thank You.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Legal for my dentist to charge me for my medical records when I moved? My dentist charged me for my medical records when I moved. Is that legal according to HIPPA?	Personal Injury Questions	Maryland
Can my mother move away with my son if she has guardianship? Can my mother move away with my son if she has guardianship?	Family Questions	Illinois
Should I allow daughter to sell mother&#39;s personal items while mother in jail? I live with a woman and she owns the place but I have yet to sign the lease. She goes to jail on a domestic against me and her daughter says mom said sell the TVs. Should I let her come get them?	Leasing Questions,Legal Questions	Indiana
If I get in trouble in CA can VA still give me time when I&#39;m off probation in VA but still have back up time? i have been taken off probation in VA but i still have back up time. If I get in trouble in CA can VA still give me time?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
If I am terminated from a job, am I entitled to my acquired PTO if I am vested employee? If I am terminated from a job, am I entitled to my acquired PTO if I am vested employee?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What to do if a manager got into my med records &amp; violated my personal finances and Hippa rights? I am a nurse working temp.  status through a medical staffing co.  I was employed for exactly 6 mos.  I am also a patient at the clinic where I was working.  A coworker office manager got into my med records and violated my Hippa rights regarding my personal finances.	Employment Questions	California
What to do if I&#39;m already secretly divorced? What to do if I'm already secretly divorced?	Family Questions	New York
I&#39;m a tenant needing to know who&#39;s financial responsibility is it to clean a wood burning fire place (chimney sweep)?	Leasing Questions	New York
Do I have to pay child support if I live in Maryland and I&#39;m on disability? Do I have to pay child support if I live in Maryland and I'm on disability?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Maryland
How do I go about obtaining visitation rights legally? Hi,I am the maternal grandmother of three children who are now in the custody of another person. She has legally adopted them. She has recently blocked them out of my life not allowing them to talk or visit me. At the moment, I am preparing to renew my vows and the oldest one (a girl) was suppose to participate in the event however she is telling her she has to ask some lady if any of them can even come to the event. I want to know if I have any visitation rights and if so how do i go about obtaining them legally so that she can not keep them from communicating with me. I might also add that the children have two other siblings whom i have adopted and live with me.  thanks	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can a business work a person for 29 hours in 1 week without any pay or compensation? Can a business work a person for 29 hours in 1 week without any pay or compensation?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What to do if a couple is denying allegations that they are not paying rent and destroying property? I'm renting my house out to a couple who will not pay the rent and destroying the property, we have a court date set for 6/29/12 and they are denying allegations...I have never been to court and don't have a clue what to do. Can u give me any answers??	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How to address place of employment regarding damage of possession? How to address place of employment regarding damage of possession, namely automobile in parking lot during work hours?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Anything I can do if I was told I was to be transferred by my company but really just an interview? I was told that I was being transferred by my company to another state, and when I got there they told me it was just an interview. I spent money I didn't have and time that I didn't have, there anything I can do about this?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Will a petty crime affect getting a license if it is not disclosed and the information is discovered? If you had a juvenile petty theft crime expunged in Colorado approximately 5 years ago, should a student indicate this explaining the circumstances when taking a Certified Nursing Assistant course, as recommended by the class instructor, or on a application for Physicians Assistant School?  Will this affect getting a license if it is not disclosed and the information is discovered?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Am I responsible to pay for the service to get the home pigeon proofed? I am renting my house in Fontana California.  The tenants are now demanding that I pay to get the house "pigeon proofed".  There are thousands of pigeons in Fontana and they cover all the houses not just mine.  Am I responsible to pay for the service to get the home pigeon proofed?	Real Estate Questions	California
What can I do if my daughter has shut me out after caring for my grandson for 4 years? After caring for my grandson for 4 years, born out of wedlock, my daughter has shut me out. What can I do?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
How long can a custody matter last in the court system? How long can a custody matter last in the court system?	Family Questions	Oregon
If a neighbor&#39;s fruit tree is hanging over my fence, is it okay for me to pick and keep the fruit? If a neighbor's fruit tree is hanging over my fence, is it okay for me to pick and keep the fruit?	Real Estate Questions	California
How long are legal separation agreement consents honored? How long are legal separation agreement consents honored?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If i have two mortgages and the second mortgage holder refuses to lower the interest rate and I stop paying it but continue paying my primary mortgage, what can the second mortgage holder do to me?	Banking Law Questions,Finance Questions,Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Legal to work in a job and not have lunch break? Is it legal to work in a job and not have lunch break?	Employment Questions	Florida
Why do I need to do community service if I pay child support with my unemployment check? Why do I need to do community service if I pay child support with my unemployment check?	Family Questions	Georgia
If I found a bug in a sail bag how can I take action? If I found a bug in a sail bag how can I take action?	Consumer Questions	California
Can my boyfriend register all our property &amp; his auto shop in my name even if he&#39;s still married? Can my boyfriend register all our property like our apartment and his auto shop in my name even if he's still married? If so, can his wife receive half of our property through the divorce?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I get evicted without a court order if I&#39;m late? I am in a lease purchase and I am late for April. Can I get evicted without a court order?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can my sister-in-law become executive over my dead husband&#39;s estate even though he never gave her the right? Can my sister-in-law become executive over my dead husband's estate even though he never gave her the right? He has three grown son and a wife.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
I need help filling out claim of exemptions form EJ-160? I need help filling out claim of exemptions form EJ-160?	Consumer Questions	California
money-garnished-for-child-support-and-back-pay I just started receiving SSD my check was garnished for child support and back pay. My monthly amount is $994 but after garnishment and medicare premiums I get $334 per month. This is not enough to live on. The court is in IN and I am physically unable to travel to IN. I really need legal help. Plus I got a closed end settlement in 2009 and my atty was paid then and said he would not charge for the reconsideration but he was paid $6,000 and has not returned my phone calls. What can I do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
How do I deal with insurance companies before I talk to an attorney? My 14-year-old daughter was hit in front of her school yesterday when she was leaving.  The weather and roads were bad and witnesses say she appeared to be going over 15 mph (which was to fast for conditions yesterday) and never hit her brakes.  My daughter landed over 20 ft from where she was hit.  I am afraid I will have insurance companies calling to settle before I talk to an attorney.  My questions are, what do I tell them and what is a fair settlement in this situation?	Personal Injury Questions	Minnesota
Can I leave my parents&#39; house at 18 if they just paid for my Junior year of high school? Can I leave my parents' house at 18 if they just paid for my Junior year of high school? I will still go to the same school, just going to live with a different family in town. They don't want me to leave.	Family Questions	Indiana
What&#39;s legal age to move out parent&#39;s house? At what age can a person legally move out of their parent's house?	Family Questions	Alabama
Question regarding rent due by the landlord? My rent was due on the 1st. I was served papers on the 7th first by mail from the landlord. I have seen or spoken with him since the 10th and landlord of Aug. when he came to collect the rent.	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Can I go to jail for  keeping hired property? Can I go to jail for keeping hired property?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Carolina
Will I go to jail for writing a bad check? If I wrote my first bad check of over 200 dollars will I go to jail?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Time limit for a son to come forward, after father&#39;s death for the father&#39;s estate if the father made no will In the state of PA, is there a time limit for a son to come forward, after father's death for the father's estate if the father made no will and the son has not had any contact with his father for 7 years?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Could I legally leave the state without permission and not be forced to move the child back to this state? I am planning on moving to KY from that state of IN, to live with my fiance'. I have a child by another guy who currently is on house arrest and he is order to pay me child support. We do not have a custody agreement at this time. Could I legally leave this state without permission and not be forced to move the child back to this state?..And I if I did move in with my fiance' and we do go to court for custody would that hurt my chances keeping my daughter? And What if we were married would that make it a better environment?	Family Questions	Indiana
If I gave my ex-girlfriend a ring, do I legally have the right to get the ring back? If I gave my ex-girlfriend an expensive promise ring and she called off the relationship, do I legally have the right to get the ring back?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can my mortgage company still take action on the default without considering my request? My mortgage company is proposing a default. I submitted a loss mitigation package too them. Can they still take action on the default without considering my request	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
is it legal to offer health insurance to a 40-hour employee? is it legal to offer health insurance to a 40-hour employee?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
Should a person file fraud (or other) charges against someone who illegally listed them as a co-signer? My brother's ex-wife took out an online loan and listed my mother as a "co-signer" without her knowledge.  My mother knew nothing about the loan until she was contacted by a collection agency trying to collect on the loan.  Can she be held liable, as she didn't authorize use of her name as a co-signer? Should she file fraud (or other) charges against the ex-in-law?	Finance Questions	Alabama
If My ex-boyfriend has ambulance and if he brings a fake income on the court, what can I do? My ex-boyfriend has ambulance and if he brings a fake income on the court, what can I do? If I want to know his real income?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I legally move out of my parents&#39; house at age 17? Can I legally move out of my parents' house at age 17?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
What can I do if a background check gave false info for a pre-employment screening and caused me not to get the job? What can I do if a background check gave false info for a pre-employment screening and caused me not to get the job?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What action to take when wages garnished despite garnishment order suspended? I have been garnished by a debt collector, however I was granted an order for installment payments, thus suspending the garnishment order. It has been 2 weeks and I continue to be garnished. What can I do?	Consumer Questions,Financial Questions	Michigan
How often does a landlord have to replace carpet? How often does a landlord have to replace carpet?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
How do I pay court fees when currently have no money? Hi, my name is Kevin. I need to pay $1,200 for court, but I have no money at this time. how can I do this? Can I make a payments for that?	Administrative Law Questions	Illinois
What to do if I moved to New York because of domestic violence and still my ex harasses me? My kids were born in Rhode Island. My kids and I moved to New York because of domestic violence and I didn't feel safe. The father always harasses me that he's going to take the kids away from me. I don't know what to do. I need legal advice. Please help.	Family Questions	New Jersey
Discharge of a firearm in house? Discharge of a firearm in house?	Criminal Questions	New Jersey
How can i proceed with my case if I have an asylum case pending when I had a dispute in family court? I have an asylum case pending. I was the dependent applicant. Last month I had a dispute in family court. How can i proceed with my case?	Immigration Questions	New York
How can I get my money back if I loan money out to friend who is now in hiding? I loan money out to friend of my husband back in Feb. Its July, this person has gone into hiding. How can I get my money back?	Consumer Questions	New York
Are you allowed to ask a customer a question in selling auto insurance how can you afford this car? Are you allowed to ask a customer a question in selling auto.ins how can you afford this car?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Do you have to show up for court if you just get a notice in the mail? Do you have to show up for court if you just get a notice in the mail? Does it have to be court served by a process server?	Family Questions	New York
What to do if a sales rep falsely sold me a contract phone line reaching to Puerto Rico? Hello, on May 21, 2012 an Owtel sales rep called offering me a no contract phone line for $39.99 a month. She stated that it comes with unlimited call and text to all US numbers. I asked if it's valid in Puerto Rico because I travel there frequently and need a phone line that will function there and she said yes. I paid $64.98 which includes a 39.99 deposit. I received the sim card by mail and activated it on May 26. When I got to PR on June 6 I was not able to call any local numbers over there. When I got back to the US on May 20, I called  customer service and she told me that Puerto Rico was not covered. They already charged me for the next billing cycle and they are refusing to do a refund or transaction reversal. Please help. Carmila R.	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is there a law saying grandparents have rights? Is there a law saying grandparents have rights?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I drop a custody case without getting charged legal fee from opposing council? How can I drop a custody case without getting charged legal fee from opposing council? Is there a specific reason I can use?	Family Questions	Georgia
Rights if I&#39;m forced to move due to that I was renting a four bedroom landlord and had an inspection? I'm forced to move due to that I was renting a four bedroom landlord and had an inspection. It  was only zoned for a two bedroom. What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What paperwork do I need if I was instructed to evict some squatters on my property? I was instructed to evict some squatters on my property. What paperwork do I need and where do I need to go to get started?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
How do I go about getting my engagement ring back after the engagement is broken off? How do I go about getting my engagement ring back after the engagement is broken off?	Family Questions	Michigan
What to do if my aunt got a denial for a modification on her mortgage? My aunt got a modification on her mortgage. She paid it for 5 months and then received a letter saying she was denied. What can she do?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
If someone has a right, can they install a driveway where the town has already told them they cannot? If someone has a right of way can they install a driveway where the town has already told them they cannot because they don't own any frontage on the street where this driveway is going ??	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
If I owe back child support and ex-spouse dies, where do my support payments go? If I owe back child support and ex-spouse dies, where do my support payments go? He had no valuable assets.	Family Questions	Idaho
Question regarding my roommate on Parole/Probation and the police doing a random house search? My roommate is on Parole/Probation and the police did a random house search. I had a very old forgotten water piece (marijuana) in my closet. There was insufficient pieces to the piece and it's obvious it's extremely old. Considering the paraphernalia was found in my closet; is my roommate in jeopardy of going back to jail?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Can a landlord take your property within the 30 day eviction notice? Can a landlord take your property within the30 day eviction notice?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Is it legal to build a house on half acre? We are looking a purchasing a home in West Virginia.  The home is a four bedroom and three baths situated on a half acre lot with a well in one corner of the lot and the septic in the other corner, septic drain beds may be on another persons property.  Is it legal to build a house of this size on half acre?	Real Estate Questions	West Virginia
I signed a contract with Inches-a-Weigh (not a franchise) on 7/12/11 for $1688.10. I paid $800.00 on 7/12 &amp; started the program. I lost my job on 8/3 &amp; had my gall bladder removed on 8/22. I was placed on light duty. I requested to get out of the contract but it disagreed. What I can do?	Contract Questions	Iowa
Question if I am the respondent in a child custody case that is still pending? I am the respondent in a child custody case that is still pending. I just received the petitioner/ father's first set of interrogatories questions. The questions that are being asked are about regarding my parents and sister being deceased. They are all alive and well. Not sure what to answer regarding this matter. I had 4 days to submit this information to his attorney and clerk of courts office. Please I need some advice	Family Questions	Florida
Is there any way possible to get out of a house sale in PA once paper work was signed? Is there any way possible to get out of a house sale in PA once paper work was signed?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I go about removing someone from the deed to my home? How do I go about removing someone from the deed to my home?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What is the California law regarding lunch breaks? What is the California law regarding lunch breaks?	Employment Questions	California
How long do you have after a contract is signed to back out of it? How long do you have after a contract is signed to back out of it?	Consumer Questions	Florida
How to file a proper motion in probate court? How to file a proper motion in probate court?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What to do if my landlord won&#39;t let me put a gate up in front of the stairs so my children can be safe? live in a apartment upstairs and landlord will not let me put a gate up in front of the stairs so my children can be safer playing on our deck.	Real Estate Questions	California
Can claims be added or modified after filing a patent? Can claims be added or modified after filing a patent?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
can a pregnant 18 year old move out on her own legally? can a pregnant 18 year old move out on her own legally? Also, she gets social security benefits from her deceased father. What age can she get the money herself? Right now Her grandmother takes it and is trying to keep her from moving out	Family Questions	Alabama
Do I have a constitutional right to earn a living? Do I have a constitutional right to earn a living? What amendment secures that right?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Michigan
If I buy a house, can my live-in girlfriend with (we have a kid), be able to take it away when we split up? if i buy a house by myself, can my live in girlfriend with whom i have a child with, be able to take my home away when we split up? She said she won't sign a rental agreement if i purchase a home. Even though her credit is lousy and my name will be the only one on the deed/ loan.	Real Estate Questions	California
Document that I can use to keep CPS from questioning my children at school without my permission? Is there a legal document that I can use to keep CPS from questioning my children at school without my permission?	Family Questions	California
Does a Florida trespass order expire? Does a Florida trespass order expire?	Family Questions	Florida
How to ensure back pay from former company? I was recently fired, how do I ensure that I receive back pay from the company?	Employment Questions	California
What is Reckless endangerment for 2nd degree in PA? What is Reckless endangerment for 2nd degree in PA? What are the consequences?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
If I resign in lieu of termination can I collect unemployment? If I resign in lieu of termination can I collect unemployment? What is the process?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
When do the courts seize property? When do the courts seize property?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
What are the solicitation laws surrounding mail, email, telephone and fax solicitations? What are the solicitation laws surrounding mail, email, telephone and fax solicitations?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
Can the home inspection be held accountable for some of the cost or the sellers? Just signed papers and moved in June 1, just found out I am going to need a field bed for sewage system, should this been reported during home inspection?  Can the home spection be held accountable for some of the cost or the sellers?	Family Questions	Florida
How can I keep pregnant ex-girlfriend out of life? I am the ex-boyfriend of a pregnant women in Indiana. She has refused talks of abortion and adoption despite both being agreed on before any sexual activity.  The sonogram dates put me out of the 95% confidence range of it even being mine.  What options do I have to keep her out of my life?	Family Questions,None Questions	Indiana
When taking somebody to court for Child Visitation and representing oneself, what, if anything, should one bring to the courthouse with them (papers-wise)? When taking somebody to court for Child Visitation and representing oneself, what, if anything, should one bring to the courthouse with them (papers-wise)?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
What do I do if I have a 17 year old that does not live with me and she wants me to sign paper work over? I have a 17-year-old that does not live with me and she wants me to sign paper work over to the people she is stay with. What do I do?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can speeding ticket be thrown out due to discrepancy in cited speed? I got speeding ticket in 45 mph zone but the ticket says 40 mph.  Can the ticket be thrown out because of this?	Legal Questions	Illinois
Question regarding if We are a residential co-operative with a right of first approval? We are a residential co-operative with a right of first approval. Our co-op has an approval process that must be followed in order to purchase a unit. The question is does the buyer have go go through the approval process before the contract is valid and the right of first approval can be exercised at that point. It is our believe that this must happen because the contract has no merit until the prospective buyers contract is contingent upon approval.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How to get cell phone companies to back off on the early termination fees when they don&#39;t provide service? How do get cell phone companies to back off on the early termination fees, when they do not provide service in my area?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Does Illinois have statute of limitations on utility bills? Does Illinois have statute of limitations on utility bills?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
What happened after charges are dismissed? What happened after charges are dismissed?	Family Questions	Georgia
Do I have to file for a new custody agreement in California, or can I file in Oregon? My wife just gave me custody of our daughter. They are from California and I live in Oregon. My daughter is now in Oregon with me and registered in school. Do I have to file for a new custody agreement in California, or can I file in Oregon?	Family Questions	Oregon
What are laws regarding rape victims and medication for anxiety? What are the laws in regards to rape victims (state of MA) who are being treated for anxiety and take medication?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
What to do if I closed on an house AS IS 4months ago and it now needs a roof? I Just closed on an house AS IS 4 months ago. Now I've detected that it needs a roof	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
How to get temporary custody of grandchildren? How to get temporary custody of grandchildren?	Family Questions	New York
What can I do if my husband refuses to leave the house that belong to my mother after our divorce? I want a divorce from my husband. We have been married 20 yrs. The house we currently live in with 4 minor children is my childhood home. It belonged to my mother she willed it to me and me alone when she passed away. My husband refuses to leave. Could I lose my home?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Will my husband be responsible for payments on a car he gave to me as a gift for his infidelity? My husband abandon our home for a woman he's been having an affair with.  He brought me a car last November as gift for cheating with this woman before.  Will he still be responsible for payments?	Family Questions	Georgia
What sort of legal &quot;fine print&quot; or EULA would I need to conduct a small beta trial? (In Australia) What sort of legal "fine print" or EULA would I need to conduct a small beta trial? (In Australia)	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	05
How long does it take to get a divorce? How long does it take to get a divorce? How long will it be before they finalize the papers? Is there a such thing as free divorce for people with no money?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Under what circumstances can I break a lease? Under what circumstances can I break a lease?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can an electric company put a past due bill into someone else&#39;s name without consent? Can an electric company put a past due bill into someone else's name without consent? The bill is from 4 years ago when this person did not even know that person.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Is my estranged wife entitled to use my social security? I got married 16 years ago and were only together for one month. She left and haven't seen her since. I have not taken the time to divorce and now she wants to use my social security. I don't believe she's entitled to that is she?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Which forms need to be filed to certify a union? Which forms need to be filed to certify a union?	Employment Questions	New York
Do I have legal right with my back pay and vacation pay if I got fired? I just got fired from xyz company. Do I have legal right with my back pay and vacation pay	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal for landlord to change locks due to unpaid rent? Can a landlord change the locks on a commercial rental for non-payment of rent?	Commercial Questions,Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
Can an employer fire you for health reasons? i know Pennsylvania is an "at will" state as far as employment is concerned; however, can an employer fire you for health reasons.  i.e., blood sugar dropped, quickly resolved and i was fired.  applied for nursing positions within the hospital as i was on administrative leave and was informed that the hospital would never hire me again as an RN.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I sign my parental rights over to the mother of my daughter? Can I sign my parental rights over to the mother of my daughter?	Family Questions	Mississippi
Do I have to get divorced in Ottawa County OK if I was married in Ottawa County OK? Do I have to get divorced in Ottawa County OK if I was married in Ottawa County OK?	Family Questions	Missouri
How can I file a lawsuit against a county, county sheriffs department, and 2 individuals? How can I file a lawsuit against a county, county sheriffs department, and 2 individuals?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Question regarding my parents doing harm to my little brothers and taking guardianship? My parents have done things they shouldn't have done to me or my brother who's a little under two years younger then me. I'm worried what happened to me and my brother could happen to my 5 year old brother. I want to take them out of harms way (to put it nicely) but no one in my family can take them but me and I don't have a place were I can raise the one that close to my age for a little over 2 years and the 5 year old till he's of age. Is there any way I could get guardianship of them and help get a place to live to raise them? Both my brother, William and I were molested. I was molested at the age of 6 by my father and William was molested at the age of 11 1/2 by our mother and father. We're in 2 different states right now. Please help.	Family Questions	Oregon
Can a biological son marry his biological mother? Can a biological son marry his biological mother?	Family Questions	Oregon
Can I fire my lawyer in a personal injury case? Can you fire your lawyer if you are not happy with him or the job he is doing for you in a personal injury case? What is the best way to handle the transition between the new lawyer and the former lawyer?	Personal Injury Questions	Missouri
Can a parent or stepparent kick you out of their house in 3 days if I am 19 years old in the state of Illinois? Can a parent or stepparent kick you out of their house in 3 days if I am 19 years old in the state of Illinois?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
How do I proceed to stop my son from being around abuse? Can you live with kids if yours were taken by dcf? My ex is living with a woman who had both her children removed due to neglect an abuse.  The couple sleeps in the same room as my son on alternating weekends?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can I find any followup today if my son was in a hit and run accident? My son's car lost a front end tire and steering last night in a hit and run accident near Teall ave. Police were called. Can I find any followup today?	Criminal Questions	New York
What can I do if I just got my car towed from a company and don&#39;t know where the car currently is? Just got my car towed from a company through titlemax. They did not leave any information about the car being towed. I don't know where the car currently is. What can i do at this point?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Which form would I need to file in order to claim my vehicle back that was seized? Which form would I need to file in order to claim my vehicle back that was seized? Is it the "Verified Petition for Remission or Mitigation" form or the "Declaration in Support of Request to Proceed in Forma Pauperis" form? M.A. Honolulu, Hawaii	Criminal Questions	Hawaii
Question regarding consensual sex of minors and pregnancy? There is a couple BOTH under the age of giving legal consent to have sex. They have sex and the girl gets pregnant then she turns 18 after already pregnant. Does having the baby somehow make anything illegal?	Family Questions	Oregon
Question regarding CPS removing my kids and one is with a non-blood relative and the other in foster care? CPS removed my kids and one is with a non-blood relative and the other in foster care. I was appointed a lawyer in CPS court today. Dad's lawyer then filed for temporary restraining order on me. The Judge did not grant it and set the hearing for Sept. 19,2012. Is the lawyer that was appointed to me supposed to be there to even though CPS did not file that but it pertains to the kids?	Family Questions	Texas
What are obligations to tenant breaking lease? We have just had a tenant who was laid off after just signing a 12 month lease, and is now looking for a job in another area.We have re-listed the condo, and are actively looking for a new renter to amicably end the bad situation. However, this is a college town, and we have missed the active window and may have issues getting it rented. What are our obligations in this situation to the tenant in Indiana? Can we legally ask for reimbursement for our costs in getting it re-rented? What if we cannot get it rented at the same price?	Leasing Questions	Colorado
Can I bring a lawsuit against the convicted criminal who molested my children? Can I bring a lawsuit against the convicted criminal who molested my children?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can I be terminated from employment verbally? Can I be terminated from employment verbally?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Question regarding paying my rent with an agreement from my landlord? I paid my rent with an agreement from my landlord. He delayed the court hearing when he told me he would have it dismissed. He sent several email to support that. Now because my lease is up he want my family out but we have no where to go.  I don't no what to do.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What type of lawyer do I need to get my child out of state care? What type of lawyer do i need to get my child out of state care?	Family Questions	Indiana
Can childhood friend or pastor&#39;s testimony be admissible for good behavior? Could a childhood friend or your pastor's testimony in court be admissible for good behavior in a criminal trial?	Criminal Questions	Utah
Can employer put a stop payment on my pay check after I quit? Can employer put a stop payment on my pay check after I quit?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
What does modified favorable to appeal mean? What does modified favorable to appeal mean?	Employment Questions	Florida
What can I do if stolen pictures were placed on the internet? I recently had pictures that I sent to my girlfriend via text stolen by a third party and placed on the internet. Is there anything legally I can do about this?	Criminal Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Colorado
Is it legal to buy DVDs from poputrade.com and resell them? Is it legal to buy DVDs frompoputrade.comand resell them?	Consumer Questions	Missouri
Can someone get fired for being out of compensation? Can someone get fired for being out of compensation?Is it lawful for an employer to refuse to give verification which in turn makes them lose a new job?	Employment Questions	New York
Is there anything I can do to stop it if I just found out my daughter gave up her children for adoption? I have my daughter's 2 oldest children. I found out this morning she had the baby this past Friday and gave it up for adoption. Is there anything I can do to stop it? I don't want my grandkids growing up without each other.	Family Questions	Florida
What action can be taken when CPO inspection fails to disclose all mechanical issues? I purchased a used BMW from a small used car lot. I payed for a nearby BMW dealer to complete a CPO inspection (certified preowned).  The inspection did not disclose all of the mechanical problems and I purchased a car that needs $4-5,000 worth of work. What responsibility and recourse is available.	California Questions,Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Can our dad&#39;s case be reopened up to get more out of this? Hi, my name is Thomas and I live here in Illinois. My question is our dad  years ago  from this board and we did not get much from the settlement.  The company  and John Manville did not pay us much because of bankruptcy. and  our case has been close by this firm  because our mom died from it too. Our dad's case has been  closed  for like  6 years. Now we are getting  more for our mom. Can our dad's case be reopened up to get more out of this?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
What am I obligated to do if a guy gave me gifts and after denying him, he wants it all back? A guy gave me an iPhone and other gifts when I was dancing in hope of a relationship. When he didn't get what he wanted, he wants it all back. what am I obligated to do?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Question regarding a false marriage certificate? If a person has used a false marriage certificate to come into the United States and their wife and child have agreed with it then if the wife complains will she be deported too?	Immigration Questions	California
Can a landlord project what my income will be, when I don&#39;t even know?	Leasing Questions	Missouri
If we have part-time employees for our church,  Do they have to submit timesheets to match paychecks? We have part time employees for our small church.  Do they have to submit timesheets, or hours worked to match their paycheck?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Is a worker entitled to &quot;holiday bonus&quot; pay? Is a worker entitled to "holiday bonus" pay?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Since I will have liens on that property, can the HOA, and IRS go after my other condo assets because I own another unit in the complex or can they attach any other assets? I own 2 condos in the same complex. My primary residence will be rented and I will continue to pay mortgage, HOA, $13,000 assessment, and taxes. Other condo, which I bought in 2007  has been a rental and is now upside down. I have not paid mortgage since 10/2011, but have continued to pay HOA fees.  I intend to quit paying HOA, $13000 assessment and taxes beginning 4/2012. Since I will have liens on that property, can the HOA, bank, and IRS go after my other condo assets because I own another unit in the complex or can they attach any other assets?Thank you for the free advice on this question.Sincerely,Shirley Muse	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I get unemployment benefits if my employer is offering to relocate me? Can I get unemployment benefits if my employer is offering to relocate me?	Employment Questions	California
What to do if my wife said she is going to leave me and take my son but can&#39;t cause of her depression? My wife and I have had a disagreement recently and she has told me that she is going to leave me and take my son. However she can't handle our son on her own due to her depression. What can I do?	Family Questions	Michigan
Question regarding child support for my daughter? My ex-wife informed me that her lawyer states that even though my daughter is 18 and graduated from an Illinois high school that I should still pay child support for her.  It would be in the form of a payment to daughter, or to my ex-wife.  the payment could/or should be close to the percentage of 2 children 28%.  So I thought I would go down to 20% for one child.  In addition based on my salary being bigger that hers the college expense should be 2/3 for myself and 1/3 for hers.  Can you provide some guidance in these areas?  I want to do what is fair.  I have continued to pay the 28% until I can figure out what is fair.	Family Questions	Illinois
In Michigan, can I audio record a meeting with my landlord without his knowledge or consent? In Michigan, can I audio record a meeting with my landlord without his knowledge or consent? The meeting will take place in my office, in my conference room	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Michigan
Can uncle take inherited land from me and siblings? My sisters & I have inherited some land from our father, but live out of state & has our uncle sell some of the resources on the land to amount to pay all the taxes. Do we trust him? NO, can he take the land from us. Also what steps do we take to change the paper from (inheritance of) to our names?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Louisiana
Can I sue someone for hitting me and giving me a swollen black eye? Can I sue someone for hitting me and giving me a swollen black eye?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Does Apt. landlord have right to a copy of my mail box key? California-Does Apt. landlord have right to a copy of my mail box key?	Real Estate Questions	California
What do I need to do if I need change the deed of my father&#39;s house to mine? My father recently passed away and I need to change the deed of his house from his name to mine.  What do I need to do?	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
Can overtime hours be used to decide monthly child support? Can overtime hrs be used to figure out monthy child support payments?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if the landlord says she&#39;s correcting false involves foreclosure notices but doesn&#39;t? What to do if we are getting foreclosure notices of the house we are renting but when I ask the land lord she is saying she is fixing it?Question Details: We are renting a house but we have been getting foreclosure notices of the house and when I asked the land lord she says she is fixing it with the bank but they are still coming. We didn't do another contract with her since December because she wouldn't fix anything , so we have no contract but we still pay the rent, what should we do ?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can my ex really dictate where I take my son and who he is around when he is with me as long as he is safe? I am going through a divorce and my ex using son as a pawn. Can she really dictate where I take my son and who he is around when he is with me as long as he is safe? If not what can I do to get to take him to my home and spend time with him?	Family Questions	Florida
Is it legal to force somebody to resign because the aren&#39;t able to work with my school hours? Is it legal to force somebody to resign because the aren't able to work with my school hours even though the have been working with my school hours for a year? I am able to work more hours then they have been giving me.	Employment Questions	Colorado
If my dad was put into a nursing home &amp; has some land, why does the home get it? My dad was put into a nursing home. He has some land was unable to get out of his name. Why does the home get it? Or are we able to save as inheritance?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Kentucky
How will it affect my divorce if I have 1 child with my ex and I&#39;m pregnant with my boyfriend&#39;s baby? I'm going through a divorce in the state of VA. I have 1 child with my ex husband and I am pregnant with my boyfriend's baby. How will this affect my divorce?	Family Questions	Virginia
What is the law of child support if a US citizen has children in the Philippines? What is the law of child support if a US citizen has children in the Philippines? He abandoned his 2 children but he is not married to the mother of the children. He never child support and he claims he is not working but his wife is working. The guy asked for a copy of birth certificate from the mother. How can my friend find him? Thank you.	Family Questions	Florida
Can I use corporation to do different business as DBA? I have a corporation formed several years ago for an appraisal business.  Can I use this same corporation to do a different business as a dba or should I form a new corp for this specific business?	Corporate Questions	Utah
If I have shared custody of my grandchildren, do I have the right to remove them from mother&#39;s house? If I have shared legal custody of my 2 grandchildren, do I have the right to remove them from the mother's house?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Will the non-custodial parent still have to pay child support if my 18-year-old-son has autism? My son has autism and will be 18 in Sept. He will continue going to school. Will the non-custodial parent still have to pay child support?	Family Questions	Michigan
My daughter just got a 3 day eviction notice from her apartment complex. Can they actually do that in the state of Florida? My daughter just got a3 day eviction noticefrom her apartment complex. Can they actually do that in the state of Florida?	Leasing Questions	Florida
Question regarding custody agreement if it states kids must live in Corona School District but I moved? Custody agreement states kids must live in Corona School District. I have primary physical 51/49. Equal legal. I have moved to Crestline (1 hour away). I have Mon-Thurs custody.Can't afford Corona. I have offered to homeschool to maintain 50/50 visits. Father unwilling. Need advise.	Family Questions	California
How to get a divorce when I can&#39;t afford it? How to get a divorce when I can't afford it?	Family Questions	Florida
What happens when 2 tax holders want to apply for the property deed after 2 years have expired? What happens when two tax certificate holders, want to apply for the property deed after 2 years have expired?	Real Estate Questions	Tennessee
If I got injured on the job on 12/06/08, is it too late to sue as I&#39;ve been on workman&#39;s comp? If I got injured on the job on 12/06/08, is it too late to sue as I've been on workman's comp?	Personal Injury Questions	Colorado
Would I be able to move out of state with my daughter if I have full custody? I live in Quincy,Il and I would like to move about 30 minutes away to Hannibal, Mo. I have full physical custody of my child and share parental custody with her father. My parental agreement does not state that I can't move out of state with her. Would I be able to move?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can I appeal this termination of child support if child are expressly reserved without limitation in time? I received a  Termination and summon for child support. My daughter is 21 and a college student. In my divorce under college expense it states that for said minor child are hereby expressly reserved without limitation in time. Does this mean that I can appeal this termination of child support?	Family Questions	Alabama
Landlord add on to what&#39;s wrong with an apt after the 30 days is up for them to have your deposit back? Can a landlord add anything on to whats wrong/damaged with an apt after the 30days is up for them to have your deposit back?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Missouri
If I&#39;m Being evicted &amp; I missed the court date, How long do I have after the court date to be in the house? Hi, I live in Philadelphia. If I'm Being evicted & I missed the court date, How long do I have after the court date to be in the house?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If a police officer wants to question my teenage boys what rights do they have, and is there someone to help them like a public defender / child advocate if they are not being charged just questioned?	Criminal Questions	New Mexico
What to do with my daughter&#39;s custody situation with her child? On March 17, 2012 my daughter, 19, told me she was not ready to be a mom. And was going to put her daughter Aubree (17 months) up for adoption. My husband and I told her we will take her. On March 26 the three of us went to a notary and we agreed that after one year if she still is not ready we adopt Aubree. This means we have temp custody . On Monday 6/25/12 we agreed for them to spend time together and she was to bring Aubree to my mom's by 4/4:30 . I got a call telling me she was keeping Aubree and I can pick her up on 6/27. I said no. She would not tell where she was and with whom and who was watching Aubree while she was at work. She is homeless and today was her first day of work which she wouldn't tell me where that was and has no cell.	Family Questions	California
What are the steps if my boyfriend wants to leave his wife of 22 years? My boyfriend wants to leave his wife of 22 years. He has a 14-year-old son. No real estate as wife has not worked for 14 years. He has a large 401k. What will he lose? What is his first step?	Family Questions	Virginia
Must I answer a petition for nonpayment of rent in person or may I send my answer in writing with a message? I received a petition for nonpayment of rent. It says I have 5 days to answer this petition. Must I answer this petition in person or may I send my answer in writing with a message?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
if my mom wants to give someone temporary custody of me so I can go to school, how long will it take? if my mom wants to give someone temporary custody of me so I can go to school in a different state that is not my family how long will it take and can I do so without going to court? (Could they enroll me in school there without having custody of me?)	Family Questions	Kentucky
Since my grandmother&#39;s gone, are the house and car hers (aunt&#39;s) alone legally or does a relative have claim to them? When my grandmother died, her house and car were in her name and my aunt's. Since she's gone, are the house and car hers alone legally? Or does my uncle, her brother, have claim to them? We are unable to find her will at the moment even though we are all pretty sure everything was left to my aunt.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
Is contactor&#39;s firm bid a binding contract? Is an accepted contractor's firm bid a binding contract? Can the contractor increase the invoice 40% without notice?	Administrative Law Questions,Construction Law Questions	Minnesota
How long do I have legally to move if my landlord sold the home we live in and I&#39;ve paid for the month? My landlord sold the home we live in. There is no lease. My rent is paid for the month. How long do I have legally to move?	Real Estate Questions	New York
On the day of the eviction, are we responsible for the renter&#39;s belongings? On the day of the eviction, are we responsible for the renter's belongings? Do we have to hire professional movers with valid liability insurance? Is there any responsibility of any kind for any damage during the eviction process?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What legal documents will I need to protect my investment if I add an addition to a friend&#39;s home? I am planning to add an addition to a friend's home and occupy it as my retirement home. What legal documents will I need to protect my investment? Thanks.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I charge extra for taking someone to small claims court for my time and effort? Can I charge extra for taking someone to small claims court for my time and effort?	Commercial Questions	California
How long does my landlord have to assess late payment fees? How long does my landlord have to assess late payment fees? My landlord emailed me today notifying me of 3 late payment fees from February, April and December of 2011. Had I been notified after the first instance, I would have not made the other two. My lease was up in July 2011. Is there a limit to when I can be notified of this after it has occurred?	Real Estate Questions	Maryland
How can I get the property next door to use to feed the needy if there is $10,000 due in back taxes? There is a house next to my house. I want to use it to feed the needy.  have asked the city and they said it's their property but over 10,000 is due in back taxes. How can I get it to use it?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the legal age for a teen to leave home? What is the legal age for a teen to leave home?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Need the necessary papers to get full custody of my daughter? I am trying to get full custody of my daughter. Her mother is going to give full custody to me. I need the necessary papers that I need to file with the courts to get full custody without having to pay a lawyer. I don't have the money to get this done through a lawyer. My daughter is 16. Please give me the necessary documents to file with the courts.	Family Questions	California
Can I get child support from someone with ssi and ssd income? Can I get child support from someone with ssi and ssd income?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What to do if My husband filed Divorce in April &amp; I did not appear 30 days to comply? My husband filed Divorce in April & I did not appear 30 days to comply. I missed the date.i received a motion for default order and other relief with a Notice of Motion. With a date what do I do? I'm confused.	Family Questions	Illinois
Can a landlord go up on rent every month and still not repair the home? I've been renting for 10 years at the house. The landlord has never did any repairs. He calls and says he is going up on rent, so I told him you have not done any repairs here. He says he is only gone to fix things once he finds a buyer. I need to know can he go up on rent every month and still not repair the home?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Can my boss advise me to look for another job if I had to close my account? I texted my boss I had to close my bank account because I lost my wallet. He told me to start looking for another job. Can he do that?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Does this revoke the POA given to me in 2004 before the dementia of my brother has the new POA? My mother gave me POA in 2004. Now she has dementia and my brother had her give him anew POA now (2012). Does this revoke the POA given to me in 2004 before the dementia?	Family Questions	Colorado
New public question from janniesullivan I am a renter.  Gave my landlord first months rent and 1000 as a deposit.  ($2275 total) in October 2008.  Should I be receiving interest on that money annually?   Should the landlord, by law, be giving me the interest annually on both amounts or just the damage deposit?  Should he have given me proof the money is in a seperate interest bearing account?  I am a tenant at will and do not have a lease.  Thank you for your help.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Can my husband&#39;s co-worker kick us out when we have nowhere else to go? My family and I have been staying with a co-worker of my husband's until we get back on our feet. We have been staying with them for the last 3 months. We have just been told that we have until tomorrow to get out and we have nowhere else to go. Can they do this? I am 6 months pregnant and we have a 1-year-old son.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question about servery and boundary lines? I attained a servery co. to servery a piece of land for me so I would know where my property lines was. After surveying the property the company tells me they could not complete the servery, because the legal listed on my deed shows the back part of my property runs thru a house in the back which is on another street should that stop the servery co. from giving me a driving to show me my legal property lines. They let me know what I have to know in the court of law.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Michigan
What are my options if I lost my visa, reapplied and was denied? I lost my visa. I reapplied and was denied.There was no explanation given  all  paperwork was in order.  The only thing that was pointed out was that this was the third time that it happened in a period of 10 years.  What are my options?	Immigration Questions	Texas
What can I do to get pay for a general contractor that don&#39;t want to pay us for 3 weeks of work? What can I do to get pay for a general contractor that don't want to pay us for 3 weeks of work and materials that we bought and installed?I worked for 3 weeks in a hotel renovation with 3 friends. A general Contractor hired us to install the carpet.We didn't received any payment during 3 weeks, and they put us to sleep in a 2 bedrooms apartment with 8 more people. every week they said "we'll pay you next week and move u to another apartment". We leave the job, they said that they will pay us for our 3 weeks of work and the materials we bought in the next few weeks (around $10,000)It have been more than 2 months and after many calls they said yesterday that they will not pay us because we leave the job without finishing it	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I give up rights to child? I have a child that is 13 years old and mother stopped my visitations, breaking court order. I have not seen the child for 3 years, and have not paid child support in year and a half. How do i go about giving my rights up?	Administrative Law Questions,Family Questions	Delaware
What happens in the state of WI if I don&#39;t show up to a small claims court date? What happens in the state of WI if I don't show up to a small claims court date?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
After the date I paid rent, can the landlord put me out? I just paid rent from June 3 to July 3. after that date can the landlord put me out ? I receive a letter" says please take notice that the tenancy under which you now reside at present resident shall end 30 days after service of this notice and you required to quit and deliver up possession of of premises of---------on or before that. failure to do so will institute and proceed in legal proceeding against you.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
If I asked him to buy me out, he will just try to move onto the property and never move off. What should I do? I purchased a piece of property in another town, with someone in 1986, but the person's name is still on it. My brother now lives on the property in a mobile home. The other party contacted my brother today and advised him he wanted to move onto the property after 26 years. I am afraid he is trying to homestead the property in an attempt to take over it.  The property was $7500 in 1986. I paid it off, except for the first 2 payment which the other party made. He has never paid anything else. I was going to sell it. I got a real estate estimate for an average of $12,000 to $15,000. The other party wants $10,000 or he won't sell. If I asked him to buy me out, he will just try to move onto the property and never move off. What should I do?	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
When suing an attorney for legal malpractice does the court use calendar days for the statue of limitation? When suing an attorney in NC for legal malpractice does the court use calendar days or courts in determining the deadline for the statue of limitation?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Law for breaks during a work day governed by the government or to that state&#39;s laws? Is the law for breaks and lunches during a work day governed by the national government or according to that states laws?  I presently reside in NYS and started a new job and would like to know what the requirements are.Beth Gohra&#98;&#101;&#116;&#x68;&#103;&#x6f;&#x68;&#114;&#x61;&#x40;&#103;&#x6d;&#97;&#105;&#x6c;&#x2e;&#99;&#111;&#x6d;	Employment Questions	New York
What lawyer to seek to terminate parental rights? What lawyer to seek to terminate parental rights?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
How can we ask for an autopsy if my mother-in-law entered the hospital for a procedure &amp; passed away? My mother-in-law entered the hospital for a procedure  and passed away.  How can we ask for an autopsy?	Family Questions	New York
My motor home was totaled in a hail storm. There was a loan balance remaining after the insurance payoff to the bank. The Bank then sent the title to an insurance co. which in turn sold motor home is a auction. I want to regain the title but can I still pay off the remaining money owed?	Banking Law Questions	Tennessee
In the event of a hurricane, can your employers fire you if you don&#39;t stay on your job? In the event that a hurricane hits your area, and you want to evacuate, can your employers fire you if you don't stay on your job.	Employment Questions	Louisiana
How old do you have to be to choose which parent you live with? How old do you have to be to choose which parent you live with?	Family Questions	Alabama
What is the law about posting for opening positions? What is the law about posting for opening positions?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How long do you have to be married in order to get a divorce? How long do you have to be married in the state of Georgia in order to get a divorce?	Family Questions	Georgia
Question about being written up and given a 2-day suspension? I was written up and given a two day suspension at work for leaving on my unpaid thirty minute break which was at the end of my shift to go to the e.r. with a painful uti. I provided paperwork from the e.r visit and explained that I had simply forgotten to clock out. I have never been given any verbal warnings for behavior like this in the past, this is my first incident. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	California
Is it discrimination to have a rule of two people per bedroom? I have a one bed room apt to rent and someone called for there son who is engaged and they have a 2yr old child and this is what they can afford. Is it discrimination to have a rule of two people per bedroom?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Can a person leave me on his will and his home, even though the title is on his deceased wife&#39;s name? Can a person leave me on his will and his home, even though the title is on his deceased wife's name?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What actions can be taken if I have section 8 and my landlord is renting the house to someone else? I was in the process of renting a house and also signed a lease. Because I was unable to turn the lights on in my name the landlord rented the house to someone else. I have section 8 and I want to know what actions can be taken?	Real Estate Questions	Rhode Island
What is the Child Support percentage rate in Georgia? What is the Child Support percentage rate in Georgia?	Family Questions	Georgia
If I got in a fight with someone younger than me what is the worst i could get at court? If I got in a fight with someone younger than me what is the worst I could get at court?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Legal problems if I am filing for a divorce and i move in with a friend of the opposite sex? If I am filing for a divorce and i move in with a friend of the opposite sex, would that pose any legal problems?	Family Questions	Alabama
Do I have a time frame that I can terminate the lease if the pest problem is not solved? I signed a lease yesterday and cannot solve a pest problem.  I have not yet moved in because I was bombing the place.  Do I have a time frame that I can terminate the lease?	Consumer Questions	Missouri
Can my wages be garnished for a car that was repossessed when I was married in &#39;07? Can my wages be garnished in Florida for a car that was repossessed while I was married in Cincinnati in '07?  I am the only income for our household with a wife and 2 children.	Consumer Questions	Florida
Can my friend remove me from checking with no notice or valid reason? My friend and I did cat rescue using another's 501c3 status.She did all money and I was to do financials.Kept PIN from me making me unable to do financials.THEN I was asked to stop adoptions by the manager because I was FRAZZLED...???Then removed me from the checking account and accused me of taking money.Now, received text msg that was fwd to me, originally from my friend. Says I am "seriously mentally ill and lying about it".Can she remove me from checking with no notice or valid reason?If she has been mis-using funds, am i responsible because my name was on the account?Can I demand to see where the money went?AND...... I am a Realtor,  the untrue gossip she is spreading has cost me a new client.	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can a landlord notify you of a rent increase the same month that the increase is to begin? Can a landlord notify you of a rent increase the same month that the increase is to begin?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
If a custodial parent dies does the surviving parent get automatic custody? If a custodial parent dies does the surviving parent get automatic custody? What if the custodial parent left a will that says he wants custody to go to someone else, does surviving parent still get custody?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Legal amount of hours you&#39;re to work before legally having to take a 30 minute break? What's the legal amount of hours you're to work before legally having to take a 30 minute break??	Employment Questions	Virginia
Legal for an employer to ask you drive to a job site 80 miles and not get paid? Is it legal for an employer to ask you drive to a job site 80 miles from the shop, and back in a company truck and not get paid for drive time?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Does the weekend count as one day when counting days of the 3-day grace period? Does the weekend count as one day when counting days of the 3-day grace period before serving the notice to pay rent or quit? (Texas)	Real Estate Questions	Texas
If my friend does not use the actual name &quot;Barbie&quot; in or around it is it legal to make money off if it? A friend of mine created a video that features a somewhat altered Barbie doll and he would like to sell downloads of this video online. If he does not use the actual name "Barbie" in or around it is it legal to make money off if it even though technically the doll in it is a "Barbie"?	Consumer Questions	California
What to do if I want a divorce from my husband cause he does not support us? I need information for me and my child.  Need help for a divorce and getting help supporting my daughter.  Husband left us and does not support us.	Family Questions	Florida
How do I lower my back child support? How do I lower my back child support? My payments are $309 a month and my kids are of age.	Family Questions	Illinois
What can I do if the landlord refuses to fix the lines and will not allow me to get a different service? I recently moved into an apartment. The apartment required me to use a certain internet provider due to a contract they have. the internet does not work due to faulty lines ran to the apartment. the landlord refuses to fix the lines and will not allow me to get a different service. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Arizona
What can be done about an ex that does not pay the debts that were agreed upon in our divorce settlement? What can be done about an ex-husband that does not pay the debts that were agreed upon in our divorce settlement that are now affecting me?	Consumer Questions	New York
Next step if we were summoned to court for a debt but settlement negotiations didn&#39;t work? We were summoned to court for a debt from 2005. We called to see if we could settle somehow but negotations didn't work. What advice do you have for our next step?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
Laws that state that my apartment need to inform me when signing the contract that i need a permit to park? Hey my name is randy i live in Orem, Utah.My apartment complex towed my car without warning. I live in student housing and a permit is required on my car to park. I was unaware of this and got towed. The lady at the office had not informed me and said she put flyers on all the doors. I checked my door and there was nothing. It turns out one of my roommates threw it away. I just want to know if there are any laws that state that my apartments need to inform me in person when signing the contract that i need a permit to park. If not, is there anything i can do to get help?	Real Estate Questions	Utah
Can I terminate the lease if I have a tenant with no lease termination clause? I have a lease with a tenet with no lease termination clause.  Can I terminate the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can they do this? My grandfather signed a contact for hearing aids. The date on the contract is 1-13-08 and the contract was for four years. We called the company and now they're saying it was a mistake with the date and they were purchased in 2009. Can they do that?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Would I still have to pay the owed balance on my child support if the mother takes me off child support? Would I still have to pay the owed balance on my child support if the mother takes me off child support?	Family Questions	Florida
I would like to know if I can sue for being forced to have my tubes tied? I would like to know if I can sue for being forced to have my tubes tied? I have proof also I have the lies of caseworker under oath and my daughter was burned by foster father and nothing was done. My witnesses from different agencies that are professionals were all taken off my case. That's intimation of witnesses and they all are welling to talk about the corruption. CPS stalk me and never had proof.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What are my parental rights to kids? My daughter's mother moved to Texas with my daughters without my consent or even discussing the matter. She has had some troubles. Now having a fourth child I proposed to her to have the girls stay in Denver while in school and spend summers with her. She says she wants them and shes coming to get them. What are my parental rights to kids?	Family Questions	Colorado
If we travel out of country while H1 is under process,  what could be the cost for doing COS? Hi, if we travel out of country while H1 is under process, we have to apply for COS from h4 to H1B once we are back, what could be the cost for doing COS? Thanks in advance for your reply.	Employment Questions	Oregon
Question regarding my mother in an ALF? My mother is in an ALF.  The attorney dispersed her money to us through a Care Contract so she would qualify for the Medicaid Diversion program.  Now we need to invest this money so we don't get penalized for it, can we invest it in our Corporation? We were told we could buy house but one attorney said that's not good because leans can be put on them	Family Questions	Florida
My son&#39;s teacher brought a ouija board to school and made him put his hands on the board and ask questions and spirits. I am a Christian person. Can I do anything to the school?	Education Questions	California
Can I take legal actions if my neighbor does not want to pay to replace a broken fence? Can I take legal actions if my neighbor does not want to pay to replace a broken fence?	Real Estate Questions	California
Could you sue an college for holding you to your education due to financial aid circumstances? Could you sue an college for holding you to your education due to financial aid circumstances?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
Can my requests be done through property deed and/or will? I live in Georgia.  I have unencumbered property/house that I want to leave to my children AFTER my wife passes.  I want my wife to have full use of house until death but she cannot sell, rent, or pass on to another via her will.  She has no heirs and I want to avoid someone gaining rights to property if she were to remarry.  Can this be done through property deed and/or will?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What is the maximum amount of time that a contractor&#39;s equipment must be removed from personal property if the contract has been terminated in the State of Oklahoma?	Administrative Law Questions,Construction Law Questions,Contract Questions	Alabama
What legal actions do we have about getting our property back to the original deed? We had bought property that was sold to us twice, we have 2 separate deeds, and two different property measurements. What legal actions do we have about getting our property back to the original deed?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Who investigates complaints regarding an ADA prosecutor? Who investigates complaints regarding an ADA prosecutor?  If the prosecutor is taking a criminal case personal is this reason to ask for a new prosecutor? Thank you.	Criminal Questions	New York
Questions I should ask my ex  about inappropriate behavior made to our daughter during visits with her? What type of deposition questions should I ask my ex husband pertaining to inappropriate behavior and unacceptable comments made to our daughter during visits with her?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
If my husband dies, will I still have to do a probate if we just updated our wills? My husband is ill. We have recently updated our wills. IF he dies, will I still have to do a probate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Wondering about paternity test for my son? Wondering about paternity test for my son. She claims the baby is his but he's Not sure. Baby is due Sept 21. He resides in NE currently & she's in SD.	Family Questions	Nebraska
I&#39;d like a fair payment for emotional stress, waste of time and money, but how much do I quote them for? I'm already going through fair housing investigation but the apartment I was complaining due to familial status discrimination is willing to do a conciliation. They want to know what I want- I'd like a fair payment for emotional stress, waste of time and money, but how much do I quote them for?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Do I have to keep letting my landlord use my utilities that should have been completed before I moved in? Do I as a renter have to keep letting my landlord use my utilities for work that should have been completed before I moved in?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Tennessee
How can I legally move out of my parents&#39; home when I am 17 years of age? How can I legally move out of my parents' home when I am 17 years of age?	Family Questions	Florida
Question regarding my brother being named executor of will for my grandmother as the successor? my brother was named executor of will for my grandmother as the successor. i have been solely financially responsible for financial responsibilities mortgage, taxes, utilities, insurance of the property. i reside in the property now for 34 years. my brother moved to Texas after my grandmothers passing 4 years ago. now do to financial difficulties he is facing he wants to force me out and sell the property. what are my rights?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
After a Governor&#39;s pardon has been given, how do you get your record expunged? After a Governor's pardon has been given, how do you get your record expunged?	Criminal Questions	Mississippi
Can I use that same Affidavit form of father relinquishment to process the intrafamily adoption? How much would intrafamily adoption cost me in Louisiana, Shreveport Area? Bio father(Texas) did sign theaffidavitfor relinquishment his rights, and I tried doing Pro-Se and submitted the 4 forms to court for process the step parent adoption. Later on we realize we don't have time to do it in Texas, so we decided to cancel the process and start over in Louisiana. Since the court keep the original affidavit form of the father relinquishment, I paid for copies from court so I do have copy with stamps on it also. Can I use that same Affidavit form of father relinquishment to process the intrafamily adoption here where I am in Louisiana?	Family Questions	Louisiana
What is statute of limitations for lead paint injuries in NY? The child of a former tenant is suing me for alleged injuries which she claims happened 13 years ago. I think she was 10 at the time. What is the statute of limitations for lead paint injuries in New York?	Personal Injury Questions,Real Estate Questions	New York
How to unfile for child support? How to unfile for child support?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Does my employer have a right to force us to ride with management and return when they do to cut budget? My employer just opened another facility 58 miles from where I've worked for 12 years. They pay us .56 cents a mile to go there in our vehicles. Now they say it's costing them to much and they now say we have to ride with management and return when they do. I say they are exceeding their right. We all have reliable transportation and there could be a real problem getting to a family member in the case of an emergency. I think that in fact since they're saying we have no choice in the matter they're forcing use against our will to ride in there vehicle that they have in fact kidnapped us. They also indicate if we don't it could mean our job. Do they in fact have a right to force us in this issue?  Aren't they acting out side the labor laws?	Employment Questions	Virginia
What to do if the other parent is married? What to do if the other parent is married?	Family Questions	California
If you have a listing with a Realtor and has not brought anyone are you still under contract? If you have a listing with a Realtor, and he/she has not called and has not brought anyone thru your home are you still under contract with them?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How to make my separation from my husband legal? I would like to make my separation from my husband legal?	Family Questions	Florida
Can the parent that has residential custody of the children move out of the state without working out a parenting plan with the other parent to assure visitations? Can the parent that has residential custody of the children move out of the state without working out a parenting plan with the other parent to assure visitations?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
Can I sue for non performance due to no effort made to negotiate with them? I have in a debt consolidation program.  I now have a wage garnishment and was told they were negotiating with them.  Come to find out they never had contact with them. Can I sue for non performance due to no effort made to negotiate with them?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
What to do if I Have a problem with a dealer Volvo shop &amp; They could not repair my truck and lied to me? What to do if I Have a problem with a dealer Volvo shop & They could not repair my truck and lied to me?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Can a employer make you work on a worship day? Can a employer make you work on a Sunday if that is a religious day of worship for you?	Employment Questions	California
Can I move without my son&#39;s father&#39;s consent to a different state? Me and my son's father split up and I want to move to a different state with my son. The father's name is on the birth certificate, but we have never been to court for anything and we have never been married. Can I move without his consent?	Family Questions	Florida
Can an ex-husband in GA file chapter 13 on child support when the ex-wife lives in IL? Can an ex-husband in GA file chapter 13 on child support when the ex-wife lives in IL?	Family Questions	Illinois
If my child is 18 does child support stop? If my child is 18 does child support stop?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Is it double time if you work on Memorial Day? we work monday thru thursday 10 hour schedule per week. if we work on memorial day is it straight time or double time?	Employment Questions	California
If a parent owns property and dies, can the children take the property? If a parent owns property and dies, can the children take the property?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Pay $750 or Evict in 3 days My rent for my apartment is 15 days late. I spoke with my landlord and she is taking on a $50 late fee and a 50$ posting fee for posting the notice on the door. There is a total of $100 in late fees bringing the total due too $750. Normal rent is $650. Me and my girlfriend and our 2 kids were given notice to pay or leave in 3 days. Is that legal?	Leasing Questions	Washington
Question regarding my husband cheating on me? My husband of 5 years has been cheating on me.  He makes around 102,000$ per year and I made 11,500 net last year due to economy.  I have a 13 year old son that he adopted 2 years ago.  I have NO savings.  We are currently renting and do not own out home.  Would I have any rights to his assets?  And if he is currently paying for the car I drive would he still have to pay that in addition to child support?  What if my son wants to live with me and just see him every now and then is he still responsible for child support?  If I get another job NOW would that impact the amount of child support I receive?	Family Questions	Florida
Unsure if I have an eviction on me or not? Ok my name is Andrea Castillo. And I'm not sure if I have an eviction on me or not Kingsley village apartments. On Austell GA I moved in June of this year because t the landlord said she was giving me 10 tens to leave or she was going to put an eviction for false accusations that my baby-father was having company coming in &out; our place which wasn't true. She said she has enough info to put me by listening to other people living in the apartments that was she need my in put so I left	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Is there and was there ever any statute of limitation on attempted murder in New York? Is there and was there ever any statute of limitation on attempted murder in New York?	Criminal Questions	New York
What to do if you&#39;re in car accident when the other driver had the right of way &amp; you had no insurance? what do you do if you are in a car accident that you caused by going when the other driver had the right of way and you had no insurance at the time	Criminal Questions	California
Question about eviction? Hello,I live in the state of Massachusetts and I would like to know if I can evict a roommate. I live in a three bedroom apartment and one of my roommates is not paying her portion of the utilities, but she pays her rent on time. She has been living in the apartment for two years. Recently my other and I typed up eviction notice for her to move out in 30 days. We have a month-to-month lease and the only lease we signed is when we first moved in over 2 years ago with our original third roommate. She never signed a lease. I would like to know are we allowed evict her? And if she refuses to leave what are the steps I can take for her to do so? She has three weeks left to move and it does not look like she is packing or moving items out. Help	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
If you and your child&#39;s father were never married but he signed certificate, do I have to file for full custody? If you and your child's father were never married but he signed the birth certificate, do I have to file for full custody?	Family Questions	Alabama
How to fight the deadline since the septic condition is critical &amp; the property was listed incorrectly? We are under contract on a California home that was listed as city water and sewer. A week in, we found it is septic and were told that they were unaware meaning it had not been checked in three years of their ownership. We asked for a septic test and a contingency extension. The husband signed but spouse did not. We were told the inspection was scheduled for the 30th which is our last day of contingency. Now we are being given a 48hour notice to perform with no septic result or even the assurance the test is truly scheduled.  How can we fight this deadline since the septic condition is so critical and the property was listed incorrectly in the first place?	Real Estate Questions	California
Does the DA have to indite me on charge of racketeering? Does the district att. have to indite me on charge of racketeering?	Criminal Questions	Washington
What percentage of child support would I pay being a disabled veteran? What percentage of child support would I pay being a disabled veteran?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If I am hired in at a salary how can they take away that salary? I was hired as a potential Store Mgr for my company at my current salary in March of 2011 but has not been giving a store to run and is still listing and working as a Co-Mgr. My new District Mgr called me yesterday to say that since I am not a Store Mgr and I was hired at a Store Mgr salary they are going to reduce my salary to one of a Co-Mgr based upon the volume store that I am in. I don't agree with this or think this is right or legal. I have not been given a store to act as a Store Mgr so this is not my fault. I have no HR disciplinary write-ups dealing with my performance or any other issues. If I am hired in at a salary how can they take away that salary? Please respond.	Employment Questions	Illinois
If I am being told I need to leave this afternoon from my family house, do I have a legal right to be here? I am currently living with family in Mass. I do not pay rent but I do pay utilities. Some which are used throughout the house. I am being told I need to leave this afternoon do I have a legal right to be here?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Can a business add a small claims judgement to an existing bankruptcy? Can a business add a small claims judgement to an existing bankruptcy?Bankruptcy was filed in Sept. '11. A small claims judgement was entered in Nov. '11	Consumer Questions	California
what rights does the absent father have if he&#39;s trying to get into my son&#39;s life? I have a 5 year old son who's father did not sign the birth certificate and has not been in his life for a large portion of his 5 years. Now the father is trying to come into his life what rights does he have??	Family Questions	Nevada
if my name is on all of my parents accounts will i still have to pay inheritance tax if they pass away? if my name is on all of my parents accounts and properties will i still have to pay inheritance tax if they pass away?	Family Questions	Indiana
Can my employer refuse to let me come back to work under medical restrictions after injuring myself at home? Can my employer refuse to let me come back to work under medical restrictions after injuring myself at home?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can an ex wife sue for alimony after separation in NC? Can an ex wife sue for alimony after separation in NC?	Family Questions	North Carolina
if my name is not on a bill for my apartment (my name is on the lease) and I required by law to pay it? if my name is not on a bill (water/electric) for my apartment (my name is on the lease) and I required by law to pay it?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
Employer have the right to tell you that you can&#39;t talk to other employees outside of work? Does your employer have the right to tell you that you can not talk to other employees outside of work?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If a tenant is asking for a refund for his time for the water leak, Should i deduct it from next rent? On my commercial property a water line leak and caused water to come out through cracks in the cement in one of my tenant buildings. He is asking for a refund for his time at $35 per hour for 8 hrs of cleaning the inside of his building. Should i deduct it from next rent or he should make a claim with his insurance?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How easy will it be that I live in AR and my ex is in Utah when we have no children or shared property? I've been married 10 years this passed August with no children or shared property. How easy will it be now that I live in Arkansas and my ex is in Utah?	Family Questions	Arkansas
What to do if my ex has the habit of taking my 2 kids and will go away for weeks? my ex has the habit of taking my 2 kids and will go away for weeks. This time she has left again and I don't want to enter in to my apt again. What should I do?	Family Questions	Maryland
if a vehicle is registered to two individuals, does 1/2 ownership transfer to the deceased&#39;s spouse? if a vehicle is registered to two individuals, one deceased with a living spouse and another, does 1/2 ownership transfer to the deceased's spouse?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Can the conversation be used in court if security records you without your knowledge? if a security person in a store talks to you and you find out that the session was recorded, can that conversation be used in court?	Consumer Questions	Utah
Does the non custodial parent have the right to get the child for fall break? Does the non custodial parent have the right to get the child for fall break?	Family Questions	Indiana
What is joint and physical shared custody? What is joint and physical shared custody?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Can my employer legally terminate me if I got hurt in April at work because they can&#39;t hold my position? I got hurt in April at work and have not been able to get back as of yet. I received a letter from my employer stating they can no longer hold my position. Can they do that?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Question on who to follow: assistant manager or another manager? If an assistant manger tells you to do one thing and a manager below him tell you to do another, and you do what the assistant manager tells you do other than the other manager says to do is that just cause for insubordination?"	Employment Questions	California
Illegal if I have not received a single salary raise when I worked for a company for 5 years? I work for this same company for a little over 5 years and have not received a single salary raise. Is there a law for this?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If I am not in the will with anything left to me, can I fight the court for something? i live in TX and i have a brother who lives in OK. Our mother just died and they said there is a will. I haven't seen it, but everything has been left to my brother. There is a checking account, and 17 acres. If I am not in the will with anything left to me, can I fight the court for something?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Legal issue with custody of daughter when there is no legal separation? A friend of mine is separated from her husband and they do not have a legal separation either. She lives in N.Y. and he moved back to Pa. with their daughter. He has refused to let their daughter come and visit her in N.Y. She is 12 years old and quite intelligent for her age. The ex has a girlfriend and she is now stating that she is the legal guardian of her daughter and she can't come down to get her. There has been no paper work done or filed with any court system regarding this matter. Can you please give us some answer as to the legality of this matter. She has tried to get some help through DSS through the county that she lives in but does not get anywhere. HELP.	Family Questions	New York
Question to have a lawyer look over a contract? I need a lawyer to look over a contract. I have to see if its written correct before we have the person sign the contract?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Is the landlord obligated to paint and change the carpets before delivering the house? Is the Landlord in Florida obligated to paint and changed or clean carpets before delivering the house? I'm renting a town house in Naples.	Real Estate Questions	Arizona
How do I gain ownership of my mother&#39;s house when she has passed without leaving a will? How do I gain ownership of my mother's house when she has passed without leaving a will stating that she wanted me to own the house?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Is it legal for an employer to change your pay from hourly to salary? I live in pa and was wondering if it was legal for an employer to change your pay from hourly to salary? I hold no management position and was not told that I would be put on as a salaried person.  If it's not legal I would like to know where I can get that in writing.Thank you	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my ex still collect alimony if she been residing for three with her boyfriend? Can my ex-wife still collect alimony if she's been residing for three with her boyfriend?	Family Questions	West Virginia
I let some one move in and they did not pay their share of the rent. They are not on the lease. What steps do I take to evict them. I live in Ohio?	Leasing Questions	Ohio
What is prescriptive easement? Do I continue to have the right to park as I have over the past years? What is prescriptive easement? I've been using a piece of my neighbor's property in a common area to maneuver vehicles to ease access to park on my property. basically forward a few feet and backup. I've been doing this for the last 25 years without protest from my neighbor until now. Do I continue to have the right to park as I have over the past years?	Real Estate Questions	California
How do I sue someone who hasn&#39;t paid me $1500 when it was a verbal agreement? I lent someone $1500 and they haven't paid me back. I want to know how I go about suing them because it was a verbal agreement?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Can my baby&#39;s father have a say or get custody if he has not bought her anything or spent time with her? Can my baby's father have a say or get custody if he has not bought her anything or spent time with her and does not claim her as his child?	Family Questions	Virginia
If my son should divorce, can his wife claim my bank account? My husband passed away this year and I put my son on my bank account.  If he should divorce, can his wife claim my bank account?	Family Questions	New York
How do we handle a man who we trusted to sell our car which he did, but is refusing with the money? How do we handle legally a man who we trusted to sell our car which he did, but is refusing with the money? We also signed the title over to him.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Rules for writing a witness statement for an ex employee? Are there rules for writing a witness statement for an ex employee if you are still working for the company?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What are my options on a car sale to a minor without adult representation from a dealership? What are my options on a car sale to a minor without adult representation from a dealership in Nampa, Idaho?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Idaho
Is my son obligated financially to pay for the town house when his named in lease but never signed? My wife and I leased a town home in Gladstone, OR and owed approx. 800.00 at move out (3-12) due to hardship caused by my health. My son who was 18 years old at time we moved in on Oct. 2009 and never signed lease, but we had to have a back ground check done (which I paid for). The unpaid charges went to collection for wife and I, but also going after my son who didn't pay rent or sign lease. They had his name typed on the lease as a resident but he never sign any of the three lease that my wife and I signed and are financially obligated. Is he obligated financially or not?	Consumer Questions	Oregon
How much time does a class x carry for someone that dose not have a drug case in the past? How much time does a class x carry for someone that dose not have a drug case in the past?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Does the employer have the right to cease payment when not mutually agreed? Hi. I resigned today and have 6-month notice period in my contract.  I want to work the whole period but my employer wants me for only  3 months and then cease payment and let me go. Do they have the right to do that when not mutually agreed?	Employment Questions	New York
Is National Guard contract void if I sign up for job but don&#39;t get it? If the national guard doesen't give me the job I signed up for, is the contract void?	Contract Questions	Arizona
Question regarding a parenting plan in place in Tennessee? I have a parenting plan in place in Tennessee. One of my children has braces and my ex wife wants me to pay for it. In my parenting plan it says I only have to pay for them if it is deemed necessary by the dentist. I spoke to him and its not. So, what motion do I need to file in court? Is it a motion for relief?	Family Questions	Illinois
Are there any laws that prevent pay truck drivers overtime? Are there any laws that prevent pay truck drivers overtime?	Employment Questions	Virginia
If you are found guilty of fraud, what is the penalty? If you are found guilty of fraud, what is the penalty?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Problem with landlord if they are taking me to court for past due rent but I have shown receipts? I'm having a problem with my landlord. They keep taking me to court for past due rent. I have showed them receipt of every payment I have made . They won't cancel the court day. I work have three kids and I feel like they are harassing me constantly. I'm scared to lose my job. This is the place where my kids lay their heads, and I feel I can't do anything about it. I need help.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Question regarding having 2 kids living with me while the pays child support? I have 2 kids living with me and the mother pays support. My son took off a month ago and he is 17 and will be 18 in 4 months. He went by his mother and now she wants child support. Can she get it and do I have to pay back what she is still paying.	Family Questions	Wisconsin
is it legal to not hire someone because they look young? is it legal to not hire someone because they look young?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
As a parent are we allowed to see bus videos? As a parent are we allowed to see bus videos?	Family Questions	Missouri
If I manage a motel am i entitled to time off during a week? If I manage a motel am i entitled to time off during a week?	Employment Questions	Nevada
What is the penalty for forging checks for $12,000.00? What is the penalty for forging checks for $12,000.00?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
Can my employer dock us half an hour pay for lunch? I work for a company at McCarran Airport in Las Vegas, This company docks a half for lunch out of our checks but we never get an actual lunch break. It says we have enough down time between task that we don't get an actual lunch break. But we have to be always ready and available during said down time.  Can my employer do this?	Employment Questions	Nevada
What are my rights when I&#39;m going through a nasty dispute with my neighbor? I am going through a nasty dispute with my neighbor. She has a harassment order against me but is the one actually harassing me. No one is helping me. I am going to be falsely arrested. What are my rights?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
Can my employer make us work without any days off? I work at mission foods in Mountain Top. Can they make us work without any days off for like 2 or 3 weeks at a time?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I recover the over payment if my pension check is different? I am retired for the past five years. I get the same amount pension check from my employer twice a month. I would multiply 2 times 12 and my sum is different than the sum I have on my w2. It's close to 2000.00 difference. Can I recover the over payment? Must I take legal action against the company I worked for?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
My husband and I are living in different states. I was to get established and he was to follow. He has our three children and now says he is not coming to where I am. We are not divorced. I have been in the new state for just under 2 months. We lived in the other state for 5.5 years. What can I do? None	Family Questions	Michigan
What can I do if I&#39;m pregnant &amp; my boyfriend pays 55% child support for another child? What can I do if I'm pregnant & my boyfriend pays 55% child support for another child?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
what are my rights as a renter? We had a fire in the garage which knocked out my water & we haven't had water for a week now. No one is calling me to let me know whats going on. I've paid my rent already for this month. What can I do?	Leasing Questions	Oregon
If a minor runs away from home and stays gone till he or she is 18, can they still be subjected to go to court? If a minor runs away from home in Kentucky and stays gone till he or she is 18, can they still be subjected to go to court?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Legal to record someone while at work without their knowledge &amp; use it to fire that person? Is it legal to audio record someone while at work without their knowledge, and then use it to either transfer or fire that person?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Are legal expenses deductible from Security Deposit if I had to sue tenant to get rental payment? During term of lease I had to sue tenant to get rental payment. Are legal expenses deductible from Security Deposit??	Real Estate Questions	New York
If I am 2 months behind, can the landlord evict me and show the place until I&#39;m gone? Hi, I am 2 months behind on my rent and I got a letter from an attorney telling me he wants me to pay or move within seven days. I spoke with my landlord who in turn told me to get a significant amount to him in that time. Now, it's one day into the seven day paper that I got and a man shows up at my door telling me he wants to show the house. I told him we are not moving and there are several money orders in route to the landlord as we speak. I don't understand whats going on. Is this even legal what he is doing to me? He is harassing me on a daily basis, texting and calling and sending people to my home and all in the meantime I keep sending him whatever money that I have trying to get caught up. I need some good advice.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How can I protect my children from being financially neglected? My husband pays child support in Kentucky. We live in Alabama and have 2 children. They aren't legally recognized in the child support order and hate being neglected financially. His payments are almost half his total monthly income and is garnished from his check every week. What can I do to protect my children and where do I start?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can a minor live at another person&#39;s home without parental consent if it&#39;s unsafe? In the State of New York, in the Lockport area, can a 17 year old who is living in a home which she feels unsafe in leave and live at another persons home without parental consent? Her parents force her to stay home and make her stay in her room all day long in the basement, and she needs to get out and leave. Would her parents legally be able to have her arrested or in any legal trouble at all, or can she live where she wants as long as it's a safe and stable environment and she is being cared for?	Family Questions	New York
Breeder refuses to take back purchased dog. I have a friend who purchased a dog from a breeder yesterday, she now has buyer's remorse. The breeder said she wont take the dog back and refund her money. Are there any Florida laws that can help her?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
How can I reduce the amount being taken if I am having hardship due to wage garnishment? I am having hardship due to wage garnishment. How can I reduce the amount being taken?	Consumer Questions	Kentucky
Can I be forced to feed my daughter a vegan diet when she is with me for visitation? Can I be forced to feed my daughter a vegan diet when she is with me for visitation?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can someone sue me because I said it was in good working condition and as it turns out, it was not? I sold my car and had abill of sale documentsaying it was in "good working condition," which it was at the time of sale. He drove it around, checked it and everything. Apparently a few hours later, the check engine light went on and as it turns out, it signified a major transmission problem. Can he sue me because I said it was in good working condition and as it turns out, it was not?	Consumer Questions	Oregon
If I decline the new position, could I still receive unemployment? I have been working for a company for 8 months now and I get about $17 an hour on top of bonuses for commission I bring in. My boss just told me that she has to take me off of a file due to two poor months, but made up a new position to offer me $15 an hour no bonuses. If I decline could I still receive unemployment?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What legal right does my landlord have to send me a notarized letter telling me I have to move out of his property by March 10th? I am in a legal landlord tenant agreement with my neighbor. I have done nothing to his property or to violate our lease. What legal right does he have to send me a notarized letter telling me I have to move out of his property by March 10th?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
When can I file for a separation? When can I file for a separation?	Family Questions	Louisiana
How do I file a motion to vacate a judgment? How do I file a motion to vacate a judgment? The Judge's office did not notify me and informed me to take this direction.	Employment Questions	Louisiana
How can I get legal custody of my children when my wife has left the house? How can I get legal custody of my children when my wife has left the house?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can you claim squatting rights if you are being foreclosed on? Can you claim squatting rights if you are being foreclosed on?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question about filing an uncontested divorce? I need to file for an uncontested divorce. I am presently living in Ashland Oregon, I have a California drivers license, my husband has an Oregon drivers license, we got married 11 years ago in Colorado. What do I do to start the process? and how long does it take to completely move thru the system?	Family Questions	Oregon
If I contest a will and the new trustee does not fight it, do I win? If I contest a will and the new trustee does not fight it, do I win?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What percent can a landlord raise the rent in Colorado? What percent can a landlord raise the rent in Colorado?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
If I am served with an eviction notice, how long do they have to give me to move out? If I am served with aneviction notice formin the state of Indiana, how long do they have to give me to move out?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
What paperwork should I have received if I have lost a home to foreclosure? I have lost a home to foreclosure. What paperwork should I have received?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What do you do if you&#39;re getting a divorce and one parent hides the kids from you? What do you do if you're getting a divorce and one parent hides the kids from you?	Family Questions	Georgia
Is it too late to file case after 10 years? I was raped 10 years ago and never did anything about it, it is too late?	Criminal Questions	West Virginia
If my father dies, does his ex have any claim to his IRA for the years that they were married? If my father dies, does his ex wife (my mother) have any claim to his IRA, for the years that they were married? They settled in their divorce over twenty years ago. He has since remarried.	Family Questions	California
Is my landlord allowed to enter my apartment any time he wants while i am not home? Is my landlord allowed to enter my apartment any time he wants while i am not home without first notifying me first?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Responsible to pay if I&#39;m getting a bill for property taxes for 2012 when I filed  bankruptcy in July 2011? I filed bankruptcy in July 2011 and included my house in GA. I am now getting a bill for property taxes for 2012. Am I responsible to pay those?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How exactly does a power of attorney work? How exactly does a power of attorney work? Like in my case my dad has suffered a stroke and is incapable of making decisions. If I become power of attorney will i also be responsible for all his medical bills?	Family Questions	Louisiana
If your wife walks out of the marriage, what is she entitled to? If your wife walks out of the marriage, what is she entitled to?	Family Questions	Virginia
Do I qualify for Unemployment compensation from a city if I resigned from a Dept. Head position? Do I qualify for Unemployment compensation from a city if I resigned from a Dept. Head position?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Who do I get permission from for a book to be published when she is adult ward with mental illness? I am writing a book which requires permission from a person I am writing about for me to be allowed to publish.  She is an adult ward of the state with mental illness.  Who do I get permission from?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Kentucky
Possible for the judge to make me pay child support for more than I earn for my income? I live in PA. My kids live in FL and the judge ordered me to pay child support for more than I earn for my income. How can they do that?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Does a divorce decree override a partnership, LLC agreement? Does a divorce decree override a partnership, LLC agreement?	Family Questions	Washington
Can a workplace change your pay and make it lower when that person been there for 5 years? Can a workplace change your pay and make it lower when that person been there for 5 years?	Employment Questions	Florida
What is GA Code O.C.G.A, (double s symbol) 15-15-3? What is GA Code O.C.G.A, (double s symbol) 15-15-3?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Law that a business has to provide their employees with company policies that govern their business? Is it a law that a business has to provide their employees with company policies that govern their business?	Employment Questions	Hawaii
Are we obligated to pay 12 months rent if she&#39;s really sick? My 20 year old daughter moved into off campus housing. We signed the lease 2 weeks ago. She is having major anxiety, throwing up, unable to concentrate, sleep or eat. She wants to come back home and live. Are we obligated to pay 12 months rent?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Can I be fired if I can no longer do my job for a medical ailment? Can I be fired if I can no longer do my job for a medical ailment? What kind of job protection is available? I may need more than what fmla can offer.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is this situation legal? My daughter married a Marine 10+yrs, stay-at-home mom of 2 children. Her husband opted out after 14 years. He secretly stated moving to Georgia to live with his mother, upon discharge from NC base.  He stated no other financial options. He was offered a job, refused it when it was in CA to remain in GA. She is very depressed. He told her she has no "say" in the matter. He is mounting a case against her as a "bad parent." He states her depression must be from abusing her prescribed depression meds, pushing her to go "cold turkey" from meds. He states her to be an "unfit mother."  She asked  to visit us with her kids in OR. He denied the request, even if we paid. Using intimidation, while his family claims "poor parenting." Is this legal?	Family Questions	Oregon
Am I within my rights to ask for a certified copy of my late father&#39;s will? My father recently passed away, and I have 2 siblings- one of which is a lawyer and executor of the will.  I have not been offered a viewing of the will.  What I want to know is; Am I within my rights to ask for a certified copy of the will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What are the extradition laws for south Carolina? What are the extradition laws for South Carolina?	Criminal Questions	South Carolina
If I have a bank account with another person, can they withdraw all funds &amp; close it without my knowledge? I have a bank account with another person as tenants in common. I live in Florida. Can that other person withdraw all funds and close the account without my knowledge?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I get a restraining order on a person and what justifies one? How do I get a restraining order on a person and what justifies one?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I have not really been getting my child support or the money they take from my kids&#39; father? I have not really been getting my child support or the money they take from my kids' father.	Family Questions	New York
Question on statute of limitation for a case that happened 5 years ago? I need to know if this statue of limitation I found I understand. I recently figured out who it was that molested me at the age of 3. I realized years ago I had been molested just not by whom. Do I have 5 years from the time I figured out who it was to try a case in civil court? The statue reads within 5 years the person discovers or through the use of reasonable diligence should discover that the act of childhood sexual abuse occurred and that the injury was caused by the childhood sexual abuse. If not this is the anything I can do to this person to make him pay for what he did to me?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Am I able to request in court that my friend be released into my care? Am I able to request in court that my friend be released into my care with probation and drug counseling? If anything happens within the allotted time, I will take full responsibility. He is my best friend sure he has made mistakes but he is really all I have. Please help.	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
What does &quot;the respondent prays that the petitioner gives general relief&quot; mean? I have already filed divorce papers and my husband signed them willing. We are getting close to the 60 day waiting period. I received a letter from him today that I believe is what they call an answer to a divorce. In the letter it states that " the respondent prays that the petitioner gives general relief." What does this mean? And also the divorce was filed in Orange County, Texas.	Family Questions	Texas
How long can someone be held in jail for two not appearing in court warrants? How long can someone be held in jail for two not appearing in court warrants?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
Question regarding fake ID taken from a bouncer? I just recently had my fake ID taken by a bouncer and now have been contacted by the Oregon liquor control commission to contact them and to "clear this up".  The inspector also wrote in this letter that after talking with me, he will submit his report to the district attorney and DMV. This isn't a certified letter or anything either, what should I do?	Consumer Questions	Oregon
Will it affect my wife getting her citizenship if she is a resident and we&#39;re getting a divorce? I live in North Carolina. I am a citizen and she is a resident. We are looking to get divorced. Will that affect her getting citizenship?	Immigration Questions	North Carolina
Is it right if my Gm lowered my pay without informing me? Is it right if my Gm lowered my pay without informing me?	Employment Questions	Rhode Island
When figuring my son&#39;s net income is a car payment and student loans considered reasonable deductions for the production of income as far as figuring 20% for child support? My son, age 21, is a father. Just graduated from college and has just gotten a full time job. When figuring his net income is a car payment and student loans considered reasonable deductions for the production of income as far as figuring 20% for child support?  The car Payment is $144 / month ? And student loans are $350/ month	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Can my aunt&#39;s daughter change the locks while I&#39;m at work and force my eviction? I moved in with my Aunt 2 and a half months ago. She was helping me out and I was on the streets. She died 2 days ago and left the house to her daughter. Now her daughter says I have to move out Friday (A two day notice). I get mail here, I have a key. Do I have any rights? Can she change the locks while I'm at work? What should I do?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
Is a debt collector acting like a lawyer illegal? Is a debt collector acting like a lawyer illegal?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
If I void a lease agreement because of non-payment of lease and move out, do I lose my total deposit? If I void astandard lease agreementbecause of non-payment of lease and move out, do I lose my total deposit of two months plus a security deposit of one month?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
When a sole practitioner CPA dies, do the client records in his/her office automatically become the property of the Estate? When a sole practitioner CPA dies, do the client records in his/her office automatically become the property of the Estate?  Or, does an individual have the right to request their records be returned to them?  I believe the original documents are the property of the individual at all times.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Does a landlord in Lancaster county PA need a license to rent the property? Does a landlord in Lancaster county PA need a license to rent the property?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
When must I issue final paycheck if my employee quits on the 4th of the month w/o 48 hours notice? My employee quits on the 4th of the month w/o 48 hours notice. When must I issue final paycheck?	Employment Questions	Oregon
child custody My daughter passed away & had a will naming me as guardian of her son. Father is living and not involved since she was 5 months old. Do I need to do anymore to secure he stay in my care? Also is he entitled to any benefits? He was getting food stamps and medical card. She did not work ever since she was ill since age 4 so I have been told there is no survivor benefit from SS.	Family Questions	Florida
Can a landlord place cameras on property without informing tenants? Can a landlord place cameras on property without informing tenants?	Real Estate Questions	California
What are my legal rights as a tenant who was served with eviction papers downloaded from the internet? What are my legal rights as a tenant who was served with eviction papers downloaded from the internet?	Real Estate Questions	California
Who gets my husband&#39;s share of his mother&#39;s estate? My mother-in-law died in Oct. 2011 and left her estate to my husband and his 2 brothers.My husband died in July 2012, before her estate was final.  Who gets my husband's share of his mother's estate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
What forms do you need exactly to start the process of filling for child custody? What forms do you need exactly to start the process of filling for child custody?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can stepfather get custody of minor with family support? How difficult is it for the caregiver, who's the stepfather to get custody of a child if the biological mother is deceased and the biological father is unknown and not on the birth certificate? The stepfather has been in the child's life since 4 months old and is the only dad she's ever known. The adult siblings and maternal grandmother of the minor support the stepfather is his pursuit.	Family Questions	California
Can I refuse to get divorced in the state of WV? Can I refuse to get divorced in the state of WV?	Family Questions	West Virginia
How long do they have to collect on medical bills after the person dies? How long do they have to collect on medical bills after the person dies?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Wisconsin
&quot;First Right of Refusal is given to each parent when children are in the custody of the other parent&quot; mean? What does this statement mean when stated in a non-contested divorce? "First Right of Refusal is given to each parent when children are in the custody of the other parent."	Family Questions	Illinois
Do the blood children have a leg to stand on if they find out my father&#39;s new wife is up to something? Father recently married girlfriend after 20 some years for insurance reasons (married 2weeks).  He has stage 4 cancer and recently found out he doesn't have medicare B and the chemo treatments are not covered.  We were told that the emergency wedding at the house was for insurance coverage that she was adding him to her policy.    But now we have discovered she was given power of attorney and saw some notes she had written that indicated she was trying or has tried to change his beneficiary on a life insurance policy.  Do the blood children have a leg to stand on if they find out she is up to something?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Can a non union contract contain a clause that restricts the employee? Can a non union contract contain a clause that restricts the employee.? In my case my employer Costco has implemented what is called an Employment Performance Log or an EPL.  The EPL log stays with the employee for tenure of his employment.  What he company does is use the EPL for previous events the company claims happened.  The employee is not allowed to call witness, review the contents of the in house investigations.  Absolutely, nothing is the employee allowed to do under his 5th amendment Due Process Rights.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What does &quot;Abandonment of property from bankruptcy estate&quot; mean? What does "Abandonment of property from bankruptcy estate" mean?	Real Estate Questions	Arizona
As a woman janitor, am I by law to be on board to clean woman&#39;s bathrooms? As a woman janitor, am I by law to be on board to clean woman's bathrooms?	Employment Questions	California
How do I get my friend to pay the balance of the car I co-signed for her? I co-signed a car for my friend, she refused to pay the balance of $8,654. How do I get her to pay?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
What does &quot;Motion to Appoint Process Server&#39; mean? What does "Motion to Appoint Process Server' mean?	Family Questions	Florida
Illegal for a medical practice to withhold medication or prescription refills? Is it illegal for a medical practice to withhold medication or prescription refills to a patient who is non-compliant with office visits?  The medications in question are Klonopin, Oxycontin, or any medication for that matter.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What are the chances I will be able to move? I share custody with my son's father. It is 50/50. I am engaged to be married and my fiancee lives in Iowa for work. I want to move there but my ex won't let me without a court order. What are the chances I will be able to move?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If I evict my tenant, does the eviction notice have to be legalized? I wanted to know if to evict my tenant from Indiana does the eviction notice have to be legalized?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
Should I engage the hospital legally for the loss of work and time? in 2007 I had an accident wherein I drowned. I was revived and had to be shocked a few times to get back. I spent 7 days in the ICU at a local hospital where they ran all kinds of tests to confirm it would seem to me that the doctors at the ICU should have tested for this condition. My wife said that they did in fact send a lady around to ask me questions trying to determine if I was having any cognitive problems. Apparently I sent her away because I could not understand what she was doing. Should I engage the hospital legally for the loss of work and time?	Personal Injury Questions	California
How can I get my husband&#39;s power of attorney over me both medical and financial? How can I get my husband's power of attorney over me both medical and financial?	Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
Does a 16-year-old have a say in who he wants to live with be it? Does a 16 year old ,17 in January have a say in who he wants to live with be it: mother, father or grandparent?	Family Questions	Michigan
Legal if my pay was .50 on the hour for no reason? My pay was cut .50 on the hour for no reason. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Is it legal for my mother to sign an injunction against me for child support for MY daughter? Is it legal for my mother to sign an injunction against me for child support for MY daughter?	Family Questions	Florida
Question regarding living in a leased house I have continued issues getting repairs done on the property? I live in a leased house I have continued issues getting repairs done on the property. I have paid my rent every month on time did everything according to my lease agreement  my lease is up Oct 31, 2012. They refuse to fix several leaks in my daughter bedroom that has been a problem since April 2012. they painted over it once problem still there. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What are my chances of getting sole legal and physical custody of my child? What are my chances of getting sole legal and physical custody of my child? The father and I were never married. He has a history of drug and alcohol addiction, has a felony record, has spent time in jail, and has been on and off of house arrest for years. He also had a son from a previous relationship and abandoned him. Will any of this help with my chances of getting custody?	Family Questions	Indiana
What are my options for fulfilling the driving training contract? I did sign a contract, which I did plan to fulfill, for student driver training through CRST International.  I wasn't even with a trainer for two weeks, when I did become terrified of driving a tractor trailer.  I offered to pay back CRST in installments.  Contract covers school of two weeks, and I am thinking hotel cost.  The amount given to me through my email is $4,000.   They want the amount up front, or for me to continue with the 8 Month and training contract.    I would like to pay them in installments, rather than go back to driving.  What are my options, if any?  Sincerely, Melinda	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is there a max per day on a house rental for late payment? Is there a max per day on a house rental for late payment?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
What are my rights as the landlord if tenant hasn&#39;t paid rent and will not communicate with me? A tenant has not paid rent for this month. fleas due to tenants dog. gave her 2 weeks to move. not communicating with landlord nor making any intention to move. what are my rights as the landlord.	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Question regarding my insurance informing me that I must trim limbs hanging over the roof on my property? My insurance has informed me that I must trim limbs hanging over the roof of a structure on my property ( a storage shed). All the trees are on the property behind the shed. Who is responsible for trimming the trees? Because the structure is at the rear of my property, I have very limited access to them. All property involved is located in New Orleans, LA.	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
Landlord demanding money for repairs and rent. I am having problems with my landlord. We have been living there for almost 2 years under an oral lease and now that we are about to leave, she has written a letter demanding we pay for carpet and exterminator before we leave and another set of rent. Are we required to do so?	Leasing Questions	Florida
Is there case for FMLA if no FMLA papers signed? I have been on short term disability since july 15th 2011 and I am supposed to return to my job by October 5th. If I do not return i will be terminated. Although on September 26th I have to go in for surgey and will be out 4 to 6 weeks. I have not received papers for FMLA or filled any out. I have not been told that I needed to. One, they said it runs together but yet also they said I don't qualify and the handbook does not state that STD and FMLA run together. So do I have a case for FMLA since i have not sighned any papers for FMLA?	Employment Questions	Illinois
If there is any debt due to bills, will it be split fairly? If there is any debt due to bills, will it be split fairly?	Family Questions	West Virginia
How do I fight the citation and get my late appeals money back? My daughter was cited for being in a park after hours and having a fire in a fire pit without having a permit. The charges are bogus. You do not need a permit and the sign to the park was not visible due to overgrowth. The magistrate yelled at my daughter and then said she was done and she could go. We then moved. It happened that he scheduled a second hearing and we were not notified because of the move. log story. When we did find out  it was many months later and they claim she now owes about $800. This is bull. We were never told that we would have to come back and they claim tit is our responsibility to give them our new address. Am I supposed to be a mind reader? How do I fight this and get my late appeals money back?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can you rent to a man and woman  a one bedroom  who is not married in Virginia? Can you rent to a man and woman a one bedroom who is not married in Virginia?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
How can I get a low cost lawyer that deals with guardianship in Mississippi? How can I get a low cost lawyer that deals with guardianship in Mississippi?	Family Questions	Mississippi
If a company is being sold to another company, what are the rights as employees in exchange? If a company is being sold to another company, what are the rights as employees in exchange?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my wife&#39;s job deny me employment because we are married but then hire her sister? My wife's job denied me employment because we are married. But then hired her sister. Can they do that?	Employment Questions	Indiana
In the state of LA, does psychological abuse to the mentally retarded incur jail arrest? In the state of LA, does psychological abuse to the mentally retarded incur jail arrest?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
Can a biological father win the adoption case? Can a biological father, who signed away his rights 13 years ago, win to over throw the adoption? The adoption was in Florida and the child has lived in Indiana since 6 weeks old.	Family Questions	Indiana
Can bank teller access private banking information without knowledge or consent? Hello. I'm just wondering if it is considered unlawful for a bank teller (my ex-girlfriend) to continually access my private banking information without my knowledge or prior consent? I ask the question because she has used this info to track my every movement and spending habits. Thank you!	Banking Law Questions,Consumer Questions,Privacy Questions	Virginia
How do you go about getting a legal separation? How do you go about getting a legal separation?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can the court make me testify against my husband? Can the court make me testify against my husband?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can my husband take my car away from me if he has ownership by title, but I am the sole driver &amp; pay for it? I am going through a divorce in Michigan. My husband bought me a car 3 years ago. I have bee separated for a year. The first two years the car was paid from our joint bank account, the past year it has been paid from my bank account. He has ownership of the car by title, but I am the sole driver and pay for it. It is my only transportation. I do not have good credit to transfer it to my name. He wants the car back to sell it. Can he take it away from me?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can husband have me arrested if I post copy of protection of abuse order and criminal record online? I posted a copy of my husband's protection of abuse order and criminal record to a woman and her friend via Facebook message. Can he file charges to have me arrested?	Privacy Questions	Florida
US resident on H1B visa adopting baby from India. I am on a non immigrant visa (H1B) and residing in the US. We would like to adopt a baby from India. I have below questions -a) Can I adopt in India and  bring the baby to US as a dependent?b) If not on H1 - then once I get my Green card - can I do that?.	Family Questions	California
If I have no financial means to repay the debt, how should I respond to the credit card company? I received a judgement from Magistrate Court of Henry County McDonough Ga on a credit care debt that I owed, It has been three years since I have heard from them, back in 2009 I had always been a perfect payer until financial problems hit hard and I lost everything. I tried for months to get Capitol One Bank to work with me until I could no longer pay a dime. I have thirty days to answer the courts.My questions is.  I'm on Social Security Disability and get $1354.00 monthly from this. I pay for meds, co-pays, car insurance, & life insurance. I have no checking, savings, investments of any kind and no way to borrow the money from friends or family. I have no financial means to repay this debt. Should I tell them this in the letter I have to send?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Can my employer make me change shifts with no lunch or breaks? Can my employer make me change shifts as follows: Sunday night 10:00 Pm to 6 am, Tuesday & Wendsday 2 am to 2pm, Thursday & Friday 7am to 5pm with No Lunches or breaks. We are normally not given lunches or breaks on an 8 hour day.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Should I request for the judge to step down if she was biased towards me in a previous case? I am in a nasty custody battle with my sister for my daughter and the judge was the same judge for when my mother petitioned for custody and won, I feel the judge is bias against me. Should I request for the judge to step down?	Family Questions	Oregon
Question regarding my mom&#39;s will leaving 30 acres of land in VA to my sister in TX? My mom's will left 30 acres of land in VA to my sister in TX. Because of where she lives, she doesn't want it and wishes to transfer it over to other family members. Is there a letter or form she can sign to make it legal?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my insurance company legally cancel me on the same day of termination? I live in NC and was terminated from my job and my insurance company cancelled my insurance on the day I was terminated. They took out the premiums on my check. Can they legally cancel me on the same day of termination?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Question regarding a large branch on my property falling on the neighbor&#39;s mothers vehicle? A large branch from a tree on my rental property fell on the neighbors mothers vehicle and caused some damage. My insurance said they don't pay her car insurance does. She only has liability and wants me to pay.  She was parked in the yard and not the driveway. What do I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Need to know if i can go bankrupt on my 2nd mortgage and keep my house? need to know if i can go bankrupt on my 2nd mortgage and keep my house?	Real Estate Questions	California
If I&#39;m married and my husband has his separate account am I entitled to use that money? If I'm married and my husband has his separate account am I entitled to use that money?	Family Questions	Virginia
How do I get help with full report on polygraph test? How do I get help with full report on polygraph test?	Criminal Questions	New York
How does my wife defend against a charge of careless driving? How does my wife defend against a charge of careless driving?While exiting I-25 at exit 193 my wife lost control of her Tahoe and crashed the car (role over).  The City of Lone Tree has charged her with careless driving, a misdemeanor.  At the hearing I showed the city attorney pictures of  the left front tire where it had a puncture hole in it and had come off the rim.  The City Attorney still only offered her a plea-bargain for a lesser degree of the same charge.  She was not careless but the victim of mechanical failure, but how do I prove it?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Where can I find help without money? Where can I find help without money?	Family Questions	New York
If I was in a common law marriage can I take this person to court for spousal support? If I was in a common law marriage can I take this person to court for spousal support?	Family Questions	Maryland
How much does an LLC cost?	Corporate Questions	Texas
Legal if I am required to pay child support in two states? I am required to pay child support in two states. Is this legal? I have an open child support case through the Navajo nation and now my daughter's mom filed child support through state of California. They are garnishing my checks and now want me to pay medical insurance. I live on the reservation and was under the impression I should stay with the Navajo nation child support.	Family Questions	New Mexico
what legal documents do I need to transfer full custody of my children to my parents if I were to die? I need to know what legal documents I need to have to transfer full custody of my children to my parents if I were to die?	Family Questions	Colorado
Contest if my name was scratched off my mother&#39;s will and my daughter&#39;s names was put in by pencil? My name was scratched off my mother's will and my daughter's names was put in by pencil. It does not appear to be her handwritten. In fact it looks a lot like my drug addicted daughters writing. Should I contest this?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
if someone gives you an endorsed check and you deposit into  account and keep it, is that illegal? Question...if someone gives you an endorsed check and you deposit into  account and keep it, is that illegal?	Consumer Questions	Florida
How to file for a quiet title deed in circuit court? how to file for a quiet title deed in circuit court?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can Kay Jewelers put a lien on my house for not paying the bill? Can Kay Jewelers put a lien on my house for not paying the bill?	Consumer Questions	New York
Can I appeal a judge&#39;s decision giving grandma custody over me? Can I appeal a judge's decision giving grandma custody over me? The evaluation and home study are in my favor. I can e-mail you court order and ramsey county evaluation and home study	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Could my friend claim in her application that she is working since her SSN is valid for employment? My friend came to the US with a E-1 visa but did not renew it when it expired in 1995.  Her husband got an approved petition in 1996 through his parents who are US citizens. My friend and her husband are now divorced. She has US citizen children from this marriage.  She is now being petition by her 21 yr old child. While waiting for her immigration papers to be approved with an adjustment of status filed at the same time, will she have concern about being deported?  Does she need to file the Waiver of Inadmissibility of the 3/10 year Bar so as not to be deported?  Could she also claim in her application that she is currently working since her SSN is valid for employment? What other documents does she need to file?	Immigration Questions	Washington
If a 40 hour week includes 1 hr of paid lunch, does that mean the actual &quot;work week&quot; is 35 hours? If a 40 hour week includes 1 hr of paid lunch, does that mean the actual "work week" is 35 hours?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
If I was laid off, who is responsible to make sure i stay insured? I was laid off. who is responsible to make sure i stay insured?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Question regarding common law and divorce? Trying to get information regarding divorce; Louisiana does not recognize common law unless recognized by another state... need to know what constitutes "recognized by another state" background information: did file joint tax returns in Louisiana, on spouse's insurance from company based out of Texas. I need to know if this constitutes "common law" and divorce is needed or not? thank you	Family Questions	Louisiana
What information do you have to have for lack of evidence or insufficient evidence on a case in Illinois? What information do you have to have for lack of evidence or insufficient evidence on a case, in Illinois?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
What are my rights to the home if my ex signed a quick claim deed with both names? My ex-boyfriend buys a house and I paid it off I have proof that I paid 100%. Then he sign a quick claim deed and it both our names on the deed. So what are my rights to the home?	Real Estate Questions	Alaska
Can my landlord fine me for putting the wrong trash in the wrong bin and then add to my rent? Can my landlord fine me for putting the wrong trash in the wrong bin and then add to my rent?	Family Questions	California
Can I form a manager based LLC to buy an existing dental office? I'm working as an associate dentist on H1b visa in MA. My I 140 has been approved.Can I form a manager based LLC to buy an existing dental office? I would be passive investor in LLC and my manager who is a US citizen would run the day to day operation of the office. We plan to hire a H1b associate dentist to practice dentistry. My questions are.1. Is it feasible to do something like this being on H1b?2. If yes, how can I retrieve the profits from the office for the IRS purposes?	Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
If I was to put a house in foreclosure would the two lien that are on the house be wiped away? If I was to put a house in foreclosure would the two lien that are on the house be wiped away?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Question regarding the proceedings of a divorce? I am currently gathering what I need to file for divorce on my own. I have the paper to fill out to get the fees waived but I'm not sure how to fill out parts of it, mainly the obligations. it says to itemize monthly rent, payments etc. Should I just write it all down or put it on a separate paper? What is the best way to go about this. Thank you.	Family Questions	Michigan
How can I get my stuff out if the owner illegally put a lock on the door? I rent and they put a lock on the door because I did not pay the rent.  I am not the owner. He has a deadly illness and left to Mexico.  But when they asked him in the lease who was going to leave there he mentioned me so my name is in the application process but they illegally put a lock on the door.  How can I get my stuff out?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
If I am on a F1 Student Visa, would like to know what&#39;s the best Visa for me? I am Naveen Varadarajan. I am a filmmaker and a Entertainment Technology Entrepreneur. I am on an F1 Student Visa. I would like to know what's the best Visa for me? I am listed on IMDB and have a few press articles and interviews. I want to direct/produce a film in the states and want to take up Line Production of Indian films here in the states.	Immigration Questions	California
Can they include my overtime pay into the amount of child support they take in New York? Can they include my overtime pay into the amount of child support they take in New York?	Family Questions	New York
If your insurance is part salary &amp; quit, am I responsible to pay for the rest of the month? If your health insurance is part of your salary and you quit in the middle of the month am I responsible to pay the insurance for the rest of the month?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I legally move out of my mother&#39;s house if I am 17 years old? I am 17 years old and I would like to know if I can legally move out of my mother's house?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can my landlord just come over without warning? NV Hazen, can my landlord just come over with out warning?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
Is a substance called &#39;Aztec warrior&#39; legal in Georgia? Is a substance called 'Aztec warrior' legal in Georgia?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
How do I go about it if I think I have something on my record that needs to be expunged? I think i have something on my record that needs to be expunged. How do I go about it	Criminal Questions	Oregon
Can I stop seeing my dad at the age of sixteen? Can I stop seeing my dad at the age of sixteen?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What can I do if I was fired for smoking in a company vehicle but I am not the only one that has done it? I was fired for smoking in a company vehicle but I am not the only one that has done this including the boss. What can I do?	Employment Questions	West Virginia
Is there a way for us to help the Mexican children get temporary visas to see Disneyland? We would like to bring our Mexican grandchildren to Disneyland. Tier parents are not in a financial position to get the necessary passports and visas. Is there a way for us to help the children get temporary visas?	Immigration Questions	California
What to do if my probation officer wants me to finish my community service but I have a leg disability? I was arrested in Nov 2011 for shoplifting. The judge dismissed the case, but assigned me to probation officer. I was serve 80 hours of community service.  I have served 54 hours and at my hearing the judge stated that I am no longer able to drive due to my leg disability.  I can't feel my feet when driving or walking.  My probation officer is adamant about my community service, but since I can't drive and i don't have anyone to take me to a location, what can I do.  Thank you	Criminal Questions	Georgia
With disability and children, can I get dependent benefits on my ssd to pay support? With disability and children, can I get dependent benefits on my ssd to pay support?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Once a landlord cancels an execution with the marshal does he have the right to serve another execution? Once a landlord cancels an execution with the marshal and allows tenant to remain on property for over another month, does he have the right to serve another execution?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
What to do if I am disabled and need advice dealing with terrible pnc bank practices? What to do if I am disabled and need advice dealing with terrible pnc bank practices?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Do I have to give my baby the father&#39;s last name? Do I have to give my baby the father's last name?	Family Questions	Indiana
Is it legal to rent a home with a known sinkhole and we were not told ahead of time? Is it legal to rent a home with a known sinkhole and we were not told ahead of time? I fell in it to find it.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
At what age can you decide which parent you want to live with in NY state? At what age can you decide which parent you want to live with in NY state? Is there any reason (other than abuse/ neglect or anything illegal) that a child can not choose where to live?	Family Questions	New York
Does a cease and desist order exist in a child custody case? Does a cease and desist order exist in a child custody case?	Family Questions	California
Question regarding sitting at Taco Bell and the police ticketing us? I was sitting in a Taco Bell parking lot along with 4 other vehicles. I and one other vehicle pulled off, there was a gas station beside the Taco Bell. The police officer was inside the store, Me and the other vehicle went over to Food Lion. My friend and I went into the store to get drinks and come back outside. We were sitting there when a Police officer pulls up and ask for my drivers license. I ask what the problem was and she stated that I was spinning tires. With her being inside a store how is she capable of writing me a ticket after exiting the vehicle and it being 10 to 15 mins after the alleged incident?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Can I take up perjury charges if my son&#39;s father lied that he has one job but really two? My son's father and I went to court for custody. He lied and told them he only has one job which resulted in us having joint custody of the child. I hired a private investigator who found out he has two. Can I take up perjury charges if so how	Employment Questions	Virginia
What to do if the lawyer sued the wrong party? The lawyer sue the wrong party and the judge set a court date. Now the lawyer that sued me wants me to provide evidence.	Consumer Questions	Florida
What rights do I have as a father in a divorce? What rights do I have as a father in a divorce?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can medicare or medicaid take ownership over a deceased person&#39;s home to pay back medical bills? Can medicare or medicaid take ownership over a deceased person's home to pay back medical bills?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
How long do you have to sue car dealership after purchase? How long do you have to sue car dealership after purchase?	Consumer Questions	Connecticut
Is there anyway I can legally get re-reimbursement from the dealership I purchased the vehicle from? I purchased a used 2005 Forester XT Premium in Florida. On pick up the car had issues and the dealership promised to fix them. They kept my vehicle for over a month and the work they did caused more problems than it did anything. So now I have the vehicle at the Subaru dealership and it has a laundry list of things wrong with it that would have decreased the sale value of the car. Is there anyway I can legally get re-reimbursement from the dealership I purchased the vehicle from?	Consumer Questions	Arizona
What to do if ending joint tenants when one has judgments against them? What to do if ending joint tenants when one has judgments against them?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Does a deed have to be recorded before the death of the grantor? Does a deed have to be recorded before the death of the grantor?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Can an employer in PA request all psychological and all medical records of an individual? Can an employer in PA request all psychological and all medical records of an individual?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Accused of theft after forgetting to remove item from cart. I bought a jacket and after one week I saw it on sale. I kept it in my cart to check the price. Then I forgot to remove it and the security caught me, called police, took my photo and told me to come in court. I was too much afraid I cannot say anything. Please give me suggestion to resolve this.	Biotechnology Law Questions,Criminal Questions	Michigan
Who gets the house when both mom and dad pass away with a will? Who gets the house when both mom and dad pass away with a will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How do I amend the lease if the couple are divorcing? I have a couple who are renting a property in Florida  They are divorcing and the female is moving out.  How do I amend the lease?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Do I have any obligation to the house if I don&#39;t want it after the divorce when my name is not on the deed? My name is not on the deed or mortgage, and I don't want the house in a divorce. Do I have any obligation to the house if I don't want it?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
If my ex pays me $2 million in child support, do I have to pay taxes on that amount? If my ex pays me $2 million in child support, do I have to pay taxes on that amount?	Family Questions	New York
What is the correct procedure in an investigation of a restraining order? What is the correct procedure in an investigation of a restraining order?	Family Questions	New York
Am I still entitled to sue both parties if after 2 hours I have the worst pain from the accident? I was a passenger in a car accident the car I was in was parked and the guy hit us pulling a parking spot we got out mad sure everything and everyone was okay. We exchanged information and that was that. Now 2 hours later I have the worst pain in my neck and back. Am I still entitled to sue both parties?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Should I seek legal advice in a discount pay off from my mortgage company? Should I seek legal advice in a discount pay off from my mortgage company?	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
Can an employer cut your salary? Can an employer cut your salary?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Has the statute of limitations expired if my employer failed to take out retirement benefits? From 1978 to 1987 my employer failed to take out retirement benefits to which I was entitled.  Has the statute of limitations expired?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
If the father of my child lives in California can he come here and just take my son away from me? If the father of my child lives in California can he come here and just take my son away from me?	Family Questions	Nevada
Question about paying the entire utilities when there are 2 other people? My husband and I rent an apartment in a private home, we are in the main floor. Unfortunately the house is rented to 2 other people (2 separate apartments) we pay all the electricity, gas and water.  Is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Question regarding an employer firing people on age discrimination and wrongful discharge? The company I work for has been dismissing people in their mid-50's and 60's for several months. Many of these people have worked for this company for 25+ years. They are told their services are no longer needed. Yet, many of these jobs are being filled with younger workers. People with 30 years of services are given a 6 month severance. They must sign a document that states they will forfiet their severance which is paid twice per month if they pursue legal action for age discrimination or wrongful discharge. Would this disclaimer hold up in a court of law ?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Since I do not have an income coming what do you recommend I do first for the divorce? I am currently an unemployed mother whom desires to get a divorce. I have two children (10) and (13) at home. We have been married for 23 years and feel that we have tried, but it isn't working and patterns have not changed. We have not been intimate for over a year. He is not wanting the divorce and currently we do not agree on custody. I want full and he desires joint custody. He does not want to pay alimony although I have spent 3/4 of our marriage raising our 4 children during this time. (the others are 22 and almost 19 same mar). Since I do not have an income coming in at the present time what do you recommend I do first? There are a lot of other factors occurring at this time as well that I would like to keep confidential at this time.	Family Questions	Florida
What can I do if my significant other took off with our son? My significant other just took off with our son (not married). What is my first step?	Family Questions	Colorado
What to do if I need to get a Loan Modification Program? What to do if I need to get a Loan Modification Program?	Family Questions	Texas
What to do if I underwent an angiogram that resulted in my partial loss of sight? I underwent an angiogram that resulted in my partial loss of sight. I need a personal injury lawyer.	Personal Injury Questions	Missouri
How can we recover money from a Florida-based company when we&#39;re based out in Bangalore? We need to engage with a lawyer in the US to recover money from a Florida-based company. We are a small company based out of Bangalore and we would like to engage with a lawyer who can help us get our money as a percentage of recovery.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	19
If my dad died last September, I need to know what are my rights to his things over my step-mom? I am from Arkansas. My dad died last September. I need to know what are my rights to his things over my step-mom? They had no children during this marriage.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Arkansas
Can I put in for the over time of a 40-hour week? I get paid a salary. Today my employer came to me with times I took off from work early. But did not include the times I worked over a 40 hour week. Can I put in for the over time of a 40-hour week?	Employment Questions	Florida
How do we recoup our $800 from an emergency vet hospital? We paid over $800 to an emergency vet hospital for our dog on a Sunday.  On Monday we were able to see our regular vet and he diagnosed him right away.  How do we recoup our $800.00?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
Received Inventory Notice pursuant to USC 2518. If one receives an Inventory Notice pursuant to USC 2518, what should one expect to happen next?	Commercial Questions,Consumer Questions	Maryland
How long after child support is taken out of the father&#39;s check does the mother receive payment? How long after child support is taken out of the father's check does the mother receive payment?	Family Questions	New York
Does my mother lose legal rights over my grandma and her estate when she passes away? Hello my name is Paul I am a caregiver w/my mother for my grandmother. My mother is the power of attorney and conservator of the will. We are wondering if she loses any of the power/legal rights over my grandma and her estate when she passes away? Also as conservator of the will and  trustee of the will. Does she have the legal right to divide the remaining estate to the will? It is divided into 3 parts and we want to save her house and keep it in the family and away from our evil aunt.  Thank you for your help we truly!!!! appreciate it	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What paper work should I have received if I lost a home to foreclosure? I have lost a home to foreclosure. What paper work should I have received?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What should I expect as far as fees when foreclosing my home? I may need to foreclose on my house in Florida. Financially, what should I expect as far as fees, penalties, etc.?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Can an employer treat one employee different from other employees? Can an employer treat one employee different from other employees?	Employment Questions	Virginia
If I work a 6-hour shift in the state of Alabama am I entitled to a break? If I work a 6-hour shift in the state of Alabama am I entitled to a break?	Employment Questions	Alabama
If you have been to the same man for 20 years, are you still entitled to alimony? i live in Bonham, Texas. We are married 50 years. Will i be able to get alimony payments? If you have been to the same man for 20 years, are you still entitled to alimony?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Legal for my landlord to charge me the extra $200.00 for late fees? My landlord is trying to make me pay rent on a day other than what is on my lease and say I have to pay her a late fee of 200.00. But my lease says due the 14th of every month. Is it legal for her to charge me the extra 200.00	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
If I challenge the jurisdiction of court, where do I bring the motion to vacate? If i challenge the jurisdiction of court, basically by trying to establish that a judgment it issued was void and not voidable, where do I bring the motion to vacate?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
If my kid&#39;s father has not seen them in three years does he still have rights? If my kid's father has not seen them in three years does he still have rights?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my fiance stop me from seeing our son? My fiance is over protective and wont allow me to be unsupervised with our son. I want to be able to leave her property with him if she is not available. Can she stop me from seeing him? I have no record.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
For a termination case, is the money taxable to the money going to the lawyer? I won a case for wrongful termination, half the money went to the lawyer, is the amount I received taxable? Is the amount the lawyer received also taxed on his taxes or mine?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Do you have standard docs for a will or trust? None	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Is a hearing for modification of an order treated the same as a trial? Is a hearing for modification of an order treated the same as a trial? Can one party (petitioner) be questioned without the opportunity to question the defender?	Family Questions	Oregon
Do I have to go in to meet with my employer to discuss my LOA? I went off on a medical leave of absence from my job and my employer wants me to come in for a meeting with them to discuss my LOA. They are very intimidating and feel that this is just another tactic. Do I have to go in to meet with them?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What will the bank do if I need to leave my new car? I need to leave my new car and go back to the bank. I had only two months. What will the bank do? state of PA.	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Can Employer force me to attend a meeting &amp; not pay me? Can my employer force me to attend a formal office meeting which lasted at least 30 minutes & not pay me? I'm an hourly employee, not salaried, & it was on my day off. I only stopped by to pick up my paycheck, but had to attend a half hour mandatory counseling session discussing my work performance. I filled out my time-sheet documenting the meeting, but was forced to amend it when my employer stated that I would not be paid for the time of the meeting.	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do if I was arrested and not read my rights and didn&#39;t have a search warrant? What to do if you were arrested at your residence and was not read your rights to arrest, and was taken to jail three times before booking? the police department didn't have the proper papers and I was told they had a warrant for my arrest but they did not have a search warrant to search my home.	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What happens if you write a check for a payday loan on a closed account &amp; can&#39;t repay? what happens if you write a check for a payday loan on a closed account and can't repay? Does the bank prosecute?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Legal for our employer to charge 12 hours for an 8 hour sick day call off? is it legal for our employer to charge 12hrs for an 8 hr sick day call off even when you are in the hospital.	Employment Questions	Florida
May an OR home owner rent out a room in a rented house to a second renter? May an OR home owner rent out a room in a rented house to a second renter?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
How much child support would be paid for 1 child if non-custodial makes more than the custodial? If non custodial parent makes 40,000 a year custodial parent makes 30,000 how much child support would be paid for 1 child.	Family Questions	Indiana
Are laws regarding release of private medical info mandated for workman&#39;s compensation carriers? Are CO laws regarding release of private medical information mandated for workman's compensation carriers?	Personal Injury Questions	Colorado
Can you work without signing any w-2 and have your check held till their bills are paid and cleared? Can you work without signing any w-2 and have your check held till their bills are paid and cleared?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What do I do when an employer doesn&#39;t pay all the hires worked? What do I do when an employer doesn't pay all the hires worked?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Can a landlord show the house I am renting to others prior to me giving notice? Can a landlord show the house I am renting to others prior to me giving notice of my intent to not renew my lease?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Will my half-sister&#39;s baby receive the same benefit money if the real identity of the father is revealed? Hello. This is kind of complicated, so I'll try to keep it clear. My half sister had her first baby at 16 years old. The baby is now in college. Her dad listed on her birth certificate (dad 1) died just a few years ago, so she was receiving benefit money and is now receiving  scholarships and government aid for school. We just discovered that her legal dad (dad 1) is not her real dad, but another guy (dad 2). The question is this: if it's proven that dad 2 is her real dad, will there be legal issues because she was receiving money from dad 1? And can dad 1's family press charges? Also, since my mother (my half sister's step mom) was helping with the money (since my half sister has mental problems), might she be in trouble? Thank You.	Family Questions	South Dakota
Question regarding my daughter who has a warrant for her arrest for check fraud? My daughter has a warrant for her arrest for check fraud. Now two years later, I would like her to spend some time in jail or prison. She stole fifteen thousand dollars from my Mom and has taken my clothes and sold them for drugs. The problem is I don't have any proof. When she stole the money from my Mom, both her and I were very sick. I put my trust in her and this is what I get. Is there anything I can do?	Criminal Questions	Utah
How can you get child support for the child daddy? How can you get child support for the child daddy?	Employment Questions	Mississippi
Can a current Landlord give a bad recommendation to a perspective new landlord if it is not true? Can a current Landlord give a bad recommendation to a perspective new landlord if it is not true?  What rights do I have in this event?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Wyoming
Can I change my daughter&#39;s last name to mine since her father hasn&#39;t been apart of her life? Can I change my daughter's last name to mine since her father hasn't been apart of her life the past 3 years and his name isn't even on the birth certificate?	Family Questions	California
Can a seasonal employee waive their right to unemployment once they stop working? Can a seasonal part time summer employee working for a town beyond 16 weeks waive their right to unemployment once they stop working???	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How long do I have to wait to garnish wages of the party that owes me money? I received a judgment on 2/15/2112.  How long do I have to wait to garnish wages of the party that owes me money?	Real Estate Questions	California
What&#39;s the legal age to move out in Louisiana? I want to know the legal age to move out in Louisiana? When am I considered a legal adult? I don't want to go through court.	Family Questions	Louisiana
What can I do if I paid for a dinette set in May &amp; have not received my product as of yet? I paid for a dinette set from Furniture Surplus in May and have not received my product as of yet. What can I do legally?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I break a lease &amp; get my deposit back for black mold and the landlord not doing anything about it? Can I break a lease and get my deposit back for there being black mold and the landlord not doing anything about it?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
Does default on loan constitute default on lease? My landlord defaulted on his loan in July 2011 and house is set for auction in March 2011. Does default on loan constitute a default on our lease agreement? They are telling me now that i have to stay and pay rent until February. I'm ready to move now but i want my deposit.	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Idaho
Will I get in trouble if put my stomach with the scars online where others can see them? I was operated on by a plastic surgeon who left me with a scars, a lot of pain and I couldn't get a lawyer who would take the case.  My time has run out but I wonder if I can put my stomach with the scars online where others can see them.  Can I get in trouble?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Do I have a case against the hospital for ignoring my plea? On June, 2 summers ago, I went to the hospital with severe stomach pains. I sat there for a couple hours while the doctors drugged me up and sent me home. The next day I woke up screaming in pain. I went back to the ER and they said whining would get me no where and they had essentially done all they could do. After a couple hours my mom got frustrated and yelled at them to give me a CT scan which they were reluctant to do. About 20 minutes after they gave it to me a doctor came in and said they had to get me into emergency or because my appendix had exploded. I want to know if I have a case and if is worth going to a law office to pursue this matter?	Personal Injury Questions	Wisconsin
Can you send a minor child a subpoena and disable it? Can you send a minor child a subpoena and disable it?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a spouse decision override power attorney decision? Can a spouse decision override power attorney decision?	Family Questions	Georgia
Is my apartment&#39;s furnished appliance the responibilty of the tenant or landlord?	Leasing Questions	Tennessee
If my wife won&#39;t sign the divorce papers what should I do I don&#39;t have a lot of money? If my wife won't sign the divorce papers what should I do I don't have a lot of money?	Personal Injury Questions	Nevada
Questionable action of an employer giving rides after work? if a staff member of an organization is giving a ride to another employee occasionally after work or before, can the HR Department call to question your actions?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Are granite countertops taxed? In the state of Ma, are granite countertops taxed? The materials are sold separately from the labor. Is there tax on granite countertops in the state of MA? We separate the material from the labor or installation.	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
How can co-buyer remove name from automobile contract? I am a buyer (there is a co-buyer) on an automobile contract.  The contract was originated in June 2010, for 6 years and a monthly cost of $268.00.  Is there any legal way for me to remove my name from this contract?  I live in Ohio & have been told there is currently no insurance on this car.	Legal Questions	Ohio
Would the judge make the absent father cover the costs of my son&#39;s hospital stays and doctor visits? Hi, my name is Samantha. I have been a single parent to my almost 3 year old baby boy since I gave birth to him. He has a severe case of eczema. DSS is just now about to take my Child's absent father for child support and our court date is next week. Would the judge make him cover the costs of my son's hospital stays and doctor visits and what is the least amount he would have to pay in child support? He has a job and I have no income.	Family Questions	South Carolina
If salaried hours are not declared in employee handbook, what is considered OT? If salaried hours are not declared inemployee handbook(number of hours per week), what is considered OT?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What can be done if my rights under #504 loan &amp; grant program &quot;USDA&quot; were violated? My rights under #504 loan & grant program "USDA" were violated. Fraud and Conspiracy has taken place and it can be proven. What can I do about it? Please view "USDA-FOULPLAY" on "YouTube.com "prts.1&2.  The USDA here in Halifax Co, N.C, has not let anyone I know use their own LICENSED contractor.  Three "3" LICENSED contractors paperwork for me was not accepted by Ms.Carolyn Patterson"USDA". I was told by Ms.Patterson"USDA" that I would not receive the #504 funds unless I used one of her contractors on her list. I did not know her contractor. What can be done about this?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
Can I get out of paying child support if I&#39;m not the biological father, but have raised the child? Can I get out of paying child support if I'm not the biological father, but have raised the child as mine for over 8 yeas now? I just don't want the state of Oregon on my case. I will provide for my child, but I want it on my terms.	Family Questions	Oregon
Do any OR regulations prevent insurance from stalling settlement? Rear ended October, 2010. Insurance company stalling on settlement. Are there any Oregon regulations that prevent them from dragging this out for years?Thanks	Personal Injury Questions	Oregon
Am I entitled to half of the settlement of my stepson&#39;s death seeing as we are still married? My wife and I are getting divorced. Now she withholds visitations from my kids and she just got a 50,000 settlement for my stepson's death. Am I entitled to half of it seeing as we are still married?	Family Questions	Indiana
Could the car dealer repossess my car, and if not, what happens if he unlawfully does? I am financing a used car that I bought in May for 5700 when all is said and done.  As crazy as this sounds, the car dealer and I had a handshake agreement that I would pay 96.19 per week.  I also put a 2300 deposit on the car.  I have since hit a very hard spot financially, and I started reviewing my payment contract.  I noticed in the contract, instead of mentioning weekly payments, it mentions 36 monthly payments beginning May 22.  I showed the car dealer this, and he became irate.  He insists that the payments are due weekly, but our written contract says otherwise.  So my question is, could he repossess my car, and if not, what happens if he unlawfully does?	Consumer Questions	New York
Am I allowed to use an image of a company&#39;s product on the cover of a book I&#39;ve written about the product? Am I allowed to use an image of a company's product on the cover of a "how to" book I've written about the product? If no, what permissions would I need and how difficult would it be to secure them?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Kansas
What type of trouble is my stepdaughter in if the contempt charge sticks? There is a contempt charge against my stepdaughter for not letting the father of her 2 daughters have them overnight because no child support has been paid or if any not what he is to be paying. What type of trouble is she in if the charge sticks?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Rights as a tenant if my roommate wants me to pay more when they run a business at home? Renting a room from a person who also runs a business in her home,  Currently I have no air but she wants me to pay more money. I live in Georgia. What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can the landlord make changes in the lease at time of renewal with less than a month to find another place? Our landlord wants to raise the rent and start charging us to pump the septic system and start charging us for pets that we had when we moved in.  The lease is due for renewal on Oct 1st.  Can they make changes like that in the lease at time of renewal with less than a month to find somewhere else to live?  they knew when we moved in that we were looking to stay for at least two years and this is just the end of the first year.	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
How to get case back in court if missed date? How to get criminal case remand back to court, if it was originally an appeal from city court and I missed my court date.	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Does my ex-husband have a right to receive any money due me from my settlement? My husband and I broke up. We've separated for nine months. He's working. I'm not but I receive New York compensation money. They offered me a settlement because we haven't filed for separation or divorce. Does he have a right to receive any money due me from my settlement? I am completely disabled and have no other source of income. My college student lives with me and he just started paying child support. Does he have a right to my nontaxable settlement from New York workers compensation? if I choose to accept the offer?	Family Questions	New York
How binding is a summary judgement  and liens on my properties if I lost in court &amp; lost my breadwinner? How binding is a summary judgement  and liens on my properties if I lost in court & lost my breadwinner? Now I am soon to be 72 and I am going to lose my houses.	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Can they fire me for an unrelated reason if I have an open workmen&#39;s compensation claim with my employer? I have an open workmen's compensation claim with my employer. Can they fire me for an unrelated reason?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What can I do if I sprained my ankle and it doesn&#39;t seem like the landlord is planning on doing anything? Last week we had a horrible thunderstorm and a tree fell my landlord's apartment buildings lot next to our apartment, which caused the tenants to walk through the grass, around the crab apple tree! The day before yesterday night I walked through the yard and sprained my ankle pretty badly, and it doesn't seem like they plan on picking it up. What can I do if anything?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
How can I have my son admitted to a psychiatric hospital when he refuses to go? How can I have my son admitted to a psychiatric hospital when he refuses to go?	Family Questions	New York
Am I allowed to move out of state with my children when I have full custody? I have sole/full custody of my children and my ex husband has NO visitation rights to them. My divorce papers say I allowed to move more than 60 miles, I am wanting to move out of state. Am I allowed to move out of state with my children and do I have to give notice to the courts or someone else if I am moving?	Family Questions	Oregon
How long do you have to file against my insurance company  against an uninsured driver? How long do you have to file against my insurance co after dropping my case against an uninsured driver?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
How do we get our son out short of filling eviction papers? I live in North Carolina. Our 43 yr old son came to our home June 28, 2010 after his wife put him out. He has been here ever since. He is very difficult to live with. Very arrogant and disrespectful. Will not help us in any way, shape or form. We are 76 and 70 yrs of age. My husband is not in good health. How do we get him out short of filling eviction papers? We have told him he had to move to no avail.	Family Questions	North Carolina
Are after market car parts illegal in Virginia? Are after market car parts illegal in Virginia?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
What legal document do i need to give up parental rights? What legal document do i need to give up parental rights?	Family Questions	New York
Do I need to be a fully qualified plumber to do simple pipe Work? Do I need to be a fully qualified plumber in order to work on simple pipe Work in New York?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	New York
What should you do to give you the best chances to win your disability appeal? What should you do to give you the best chances to win your disability appeal?	Family Questions	Indiana
What to do if I just moved to a place only 3 months and landlord is giving me 30 days notice? What to do if I just moved to a place only 3 months and landlord is giving me 30 days notice?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I get the court to order my 401k administrator to pay her what equals half the value of our home? I live in Louisiana and I'm divorced already. In the property settlement she only wants half of the vale of our house minus what we owe on it. Can I get the court to order my 401k administrator to pay her what equals half the value of our home?	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
If I&#39;m sole custodial parent, can the father sign medical records to whom he pleases? If I am sole custodial parent of our child, can her father sign release of information regarding medical records to whom he pleases?	Family Questions	Indiana
Can my brother exclude me when my mother died and left no will? My mother died last month and left no will. She has 3 grown children and the fighting has started already. My brother got to an attorney before I did and was named executor of estate. He states that he will do all he can to exclude me from any moneys made. My husband has basically supported my mother for the last 4 years, sending her money every month, paying for any repairs on her car, buying groceries etc. Can he exclude me? I live in Atlanta and anytime my mother had doctor appointments or was sick I was the one that went home to help her. My brother had little to do with my mother while she was alive and he lived in the same town as her.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Mississippi
What can I do to rectify if I have asked the bank to take my name off mortgage and force a refinance? I am divorced for 10 years, but somehow in the process I am still on the mortgage to the house, though not on the title to the house.  I have asked my spouse to refinance to take my name off the mortgage but to no avail.  I have asked the bank to take my name off mortgage and force a refinance to no avail.  What can I do to rectify this situation?	Family Questions	Connecticut
In IL do you have to file a claim in probate court if real estate is involved? In IL do you have to file a claim in probate court if real estate is involved?  The property is going into foreclosure.  If probate claim is filed am i taking on the debt of the property?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Is checking my sealed pharmacy bag and receipt by a store employee at exit door of building legal? Is checking my sealed pharmacy bag and receipt by a store employee at exit door of building legal?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
Can they sue me for breaching the agreement if I never breached it? i signed a non-compete and non-disclose agreement with my new company. They were under the impression that the contract was in my name, but it is really in my mother's name. They threatened to sue. Can they sue me for breaching the agreement if I never breached it?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
If I want to wait until the market improves, can my siblings sell it without my consent or signature? My four siblings and I inherited property from my father which they now want to sell.  I want to wait until the market improves so can they sell it without my consent or signature?  Thanks much!	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
If a person is served legal annulment papers, how long so they have until they must sign the annulment? if a person is served legal annulment papers in the state of Idaho  how long so they have until they must sign the annulment papers?	Family Questions	Idaho
What to do if I don&#39;t have any income to pay child support and might file for bankruptcy? In the State of Minnesota, in Hennepin County, I am going in for an Expedited Child Support Process tomorrow.  My husband has 3/4 custody, he wants me to pay him.  I had a business, but quit working it over a month ago and I don't have any income.  What am I to say at the hearing process?  Should I tell them I quit my business, I was losing more money than I was making after 6 years in business.  I am also considering filing Bankruptcy, should I tell them that also or do it before the hearing?  I don't have any money to pay for child support now and I don't know what to say or do.  Since it was a home business with Herbalife, how can I prove I am not working it anymore and will that affect the hearing?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Does CPS have to notify guardian before interviewing child at school? Does child protective services have to notify the gaurdian or parents of the child before it interviews them at school?	Family Questions	Texas
Can I sue the court for emotional distress if I was falsely accused of a crime? I was falsely accused of a crime. It lasted 2 years in a half fighting the crime  and plead not guilty. The charges was dismissed. Can I sue the court for emotional distress?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can you lose your job in Utah for admitting yourself into a mental clinic? Can you lose your job in Utah for admitting yourself into a mental clinic?	Employment Questions	Utah
Can a convicted felon work for an establishment that sell alcohol and tobacco products? Can a convicted felon work for an establishment that sell alcohol and tobacco products in the State of Virginia?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
How do I add my boyfriend to the deed as an owner for the 5 acres of land I own? I own 5 acres of land, free & clear. I would like to add my boyfriend to the deed as an owner also. How do i do that?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is it the landlord or the tenant&#39;s responsibility to provide window coverings?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Are my former roommates required to give back my half of the security deposit after I removed my name? I use to leave in an apartment with 3 other roommates. Between the 4 of us we paid the security deposit for the apartment. With 7 months left in the lease, we couldn't live together any longer so I removed my name from the lease and moved out. My former roommates are moving out soon and I want to know if they are required to give back my half of the security deposit. I live in the state of Florida	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How old do you have to be to be considered a senior citizen in the state of Missouri? How old do you have to be to be considered a senior citizen in the state of Missouri?	Employment Questions	Missouri
What&#39;s the legal definition of negligent driving in Washington state? What's the legal definition of negligent driving in Washington state?	Personal Injury Questions	Washington
What are our rights if our apartment only has one way out? We've lived at our apartment for 4 years.  We have only one way in and one way out.  What are our rights?  We also have carpet from the 70's it's so bad that when you pick up the carpet the backing is black dust and at least an inch thick!!!	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Can negative items dealing with lawsuits on my credit be removed from the circuit clerks online report? I have several negative items dealing with lawsuits on my credit. Can those be removed from the circuit clerks online report screen when people search my name?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can ex threaten me and we have a 4 year old? I split from my ex and we have a 4yr old daughter. My ex doesnt trust my fiances and I've been in for the last 3 yrs. I Currently moved in with my fiance and he helps me with her on days I work. My ex is threatening me with court and everything else, is there anything he can do legally?	Family Questions	Florida
Is my tenant required to pay rent for July when she&#39;s moving out on July 1? i have an apt that I rent. My tenant's lease is up July 1. She informed me today that she will be moving out. Is she required to pay July rent?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
What is the law when someone harasses you at your job after they got a lawyer and set in motion to sue a person? What is the law when someone harasses you at your job after they got a lawyer and set in motion to sue a person?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Do I have the right of my half-brother&#39;s assets if we have the same last name and he was never married? My half brother died we have same last name he was never been married no children. Do I have the right of his assets?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
If my husband has moved most of his belongings from my house, can I change the locks on the doors? If my husband has moved most of his belongings from my house that is in my name, can I change the locks on the doors	Family Questions	Delaware
Can guardianship be used against me when i go in for custody of my second son? Can guardianship be used against me when i go in for custody of my second son?	Family Questions	Missouri
Where does the responsibility lay if the hospital told me they were not liable if he gets up and falls? My father is in the hospital. He is 87 where does the responsibility lay? The hospital told me they were not liable if he gets up and falls. They told me I need to set with him.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Kansas
If my ex was ordered to pay child support in GA &amp; now we both live in SC which state enforces the judgement? If my ex was ordered to pay child support in Georgia and now we both live in South Carolina which state enforces the judgement?	Family Questions	California
If a tenant breaks their lease early can the landlord keep their security deposit as damages? Under the Hawaii Landlord/Tenant code, if a tenant breaks their 1 year lease early can the landlord keep their security deposit as damages even if they find a new tenant to move in immediately?	Real Estate Questions	Hawaii
What does &quot;soft title&quot; indicate concerning transfer of real estate ownership? What does the term "soft title" indicate when applied in a transfer of ownership of real estate?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Landlord responsible for relocation fees and property damage fees when the place of living is infested? Is the landlord responsible for relocation fees and property damage fees when the place of living is infested with bed bugs? Can they make you move what are the landlords responsibilities when this takes place	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
In Wisconsin, how long do I have to hold onto someone&#39;s property before I can dispose of it? In Wisconsin, how long do I have to hold onto someone's property before I can dispose of it?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
Do I have any rights financially if I lived together for 30 years and now we&#39;re separating? Do I have any rights financially if I lived together for 30 years and now we're separating?	Family Questions	Florida
If the judge orders you to pay for your spouse&#39;s attorney fees due to divorce proceedings are they tax deductible? If the judge orders you to pay for your spouse's attorney fees due to divorce proceedings are they tax deductible?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
If my girlfriend got a littering ticket, will she still receive community service? My girlfriend recently got a littering ticket in the state of SC. It's her first offense but will she still receive community service?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Use a temporary guardianship form to get my nephew his permit due to his parents being out of state? Can I use a temporary guardianship form to get my 17-year-old nephew his learner's permit In Allentown Pennsylvania  due to his parents being Out of state?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a car rental business withhold my Texas identification from me because I owe them money? Can a car rental business withhold my Texas identification from me because I owe them money?	Commercial Questions	Texas
Does the father have to be granted rights to see child? I have a three month baby girl that I'm fighting child support for because the father has yet to come see the baby. I don't want him to have rights to see her when he is paying child support. Does he have to be granted rights to see the child to pay child support?	Family Questions	Georgia
Are people owing federal taxes or have tax lien rejected for US passport? Are people turned down for a U. S. Passport if they owe any Federal taxes or have a tax lien?	Tax Questions	Nevada
Legal for an investment banker to share personal info with other clients? Is it legal for an investment banker to share personal information with other clients of theirs?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
If I am off work on employer approved FMLA and my scheduled weekend falls during my FMLA, can my employer reschedule that weekend to be made up? If I am off work on employer approved FMLA and my scheduled weekend falls during my FMLA, can my employer reschedule that weekend to be made up? If so what recourse do I have?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I need to save money on my lease? What to do if I need to save money on my lease?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can you sue a morgue for doing the wrong autopsy? If a loved one in a family passes away and people from the morgue does the autopsy wrong and does not state what happened to someone's body parts, can you sue them for not giving the information needed and for traumatizing a family of the person who passed away	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What&#39;s the time frame to appeal a family law decision? What's the time frame to appeal a family law decision in Kenton County Kentucky? It was a social services case that  was just closed by the judge, but she did not say to resume the previous visitation schedule that was held by another county that actually holds jurisdiction. So in my view that the other county's order that holds jurisdiction would resume. The other order should supersede the Kenton county order after it was closed. But I don't want to get held in contempt if I resume that order. So should I file a appeal with notice to clarify, or what's the right path to pursue?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Can FOC take child support out of both jobs if i work 2 jobs? Can FOC take child support out of both jobs if i work 2 jobs?	Family Questions	California
Legal if owners  decided that the maximum tip a server could receive will be 70 dollars per job? I work for a restaurant/catering company in the state of Virginia. The owners charge a 18% gratuity to all catering jobs on the contract. The owners decided that the maximum tip a server could receive will be 70 dollars per job. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Is it possible for the mother of the child to take child support on me after marriage? My soon to be husband has a son and doesn't pay any child support and his name isn't on the birth certificate. Is it possible for the mother of the child to take child support on me after marriage?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can they recharge you for the same charges that has already been put out? Can they recharge you for the same charges that has already been put out?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Can company fire me for having similar web site in same trade? I was fired by my company for a similar web site I designed that's in the same trade. It was my one site in my name. I this legal to fire me for this and they threatened to sue me if I didn't take it down immediately?	Employment Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	New Jersey
Since I have not yet fully paid for the trailer, who is responsible for the repairs? I am renting-to-own a trailer. Last night part of my kitchen ceiling fell through, when it fell i found out that my ceiling is full of mold. Since I have not yet fully paid for the trailer, who is responsible for the repairs?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I sign a receipt for work done for someone else am I liable? If I sign a receipt for work done for someone else am I liable?	Consumer Questions	Nevada
Can hairstylist write down client information to inform clients of salon relocation? Can a hairstylist be sued for writing down client information and then calling clients to let them know which salon they are moving to? I signed something 2 years ago that says "all client information is property of the salon"....	Privacy Questions	Alabama
Legal for an employer to make you wear a different color armband if you are under disciplinary action? Is it legal for an employer to make you wear a different color arm band in front of everyone if you are under disciplinary action? And is it legal for another hourly employee to administer those as they see fit?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Can a Europe-based company open a bank account in the USA without incorporating a subsidiary company? None	Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions	New York
Legal if my employer refused to take me back after I had an authorized medical leave of absence? My name is Christine Rawlston. I was out of work on an authorized medical leave of Absence. I was released from medical care 6 months after. My employer refused to take me back. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can power of attorney over mentally incompetent parent be given without consent? How does a person go about getting power of attorney over an elderly parent who is getting more and more confused and can it be done without their permission and if so, how?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
In Illinois can your wages be garnished by one creditor and your bank account frozen by another creditor at the same time? In Illinois can your wages be garnished by one creditor and your bank account frozen by another creditor at the same time?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I do anything to get my boyfriend&#39;s kidnapping charges dropped or lessened? Can I do anything to get my boyfriend's kidnapping charges dropped or lessened?  They are against me but I am not pressing any charges.	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
In Georgia what is the most percentage they can take out of your check for child support by law? In Georgia what is the most percentage they can take out of your check for child support by law?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Can I sue in a car accident even if at fault? My kid's dad passed away in a car accident. According to the police report both drivers had a DUI. But my kid's dad was at fault and had no car insurance. Can I sue the other party on behalf of my kids  even though their dad was at fault and had nor car insurance?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can my employer mandate I attend commencement that is held outside? Can my employer mandate I attend commencement that is held outside, when it is document that I am an asthmatic with severe allergies which include exposure to grass and pollen?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can a lessor deduct a portion of my deposit claiming I removed some of his property without proof? Can a lessor deduct a portion of my security deposit claiming I removed some of his property without proof, such as an itemized listing of his personal property in the apartment.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How does medical/ dental coverage work in NY with divorced parents? I'm divorced and my ex has medical and dental for children. My son has extensive dental issues and I can cover him through my job. I am custodial parent. How does this work?	Family Questions	New York
If I work in a nursing home and get paid twice a month, Is it legal for them to pay us on a Sunday? I live in Illinois and work in a nursing home getting paid twice a month. Is it legal for them to pay us on a Sunday?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I get written up at work for calling out due to having a panic attack (twice) even if I have paper work from from my doctor stating that I have panic disorder? Can I get written up for calling out due to having a panic attack (twice) even if I have paper work from from my doctor stating that I have panic disorder?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is it legal to carry commercial chemicals in your personal car in California? Is it legal to carry commercial chemicals in your personal car in California?	Employment Questions	California
What does disposition code: court order for release mean? What does disposition code: court order for release mean? This is regarding an inmates court info on lasd website.	Family Questions	California
What can we do if a dealer is demanding his truck with complications attached? We are in the process of buying a truck at a dealer. We paid 3k down and were told we could pick it up in a week after inspection. Now they are saying the back end is shot and they won't fix it and won't give us our money back. They are saying it was as is. The deal wasn't supposed to be final until after we got the truck. We never have had the truck. What can we do?	Consumer Questions	California
If I gave someone some money to borrow with no paperwork or signature and they didn&#39;t pay me back, can I sue them and win? If I gave someone some money to borrow with no paperwork or signature and they didn't pay me back, can I sue them and win?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a motorcycle be returned for a refund if it stops running days after the private sale? Can a recently purchased motorcycle be returned for a refund if the motorcycle stops running days after the private sale?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Will the false PFA statements be thrown out after my wife kicked out of my place till hearing? Wife made false statements on a P.F.A and was caught lying. She also contacted me on the same order with in days of filing. I was kicked out of my place till hearing. Place is only in my name and bought before I married her. Will the PFA be thrown out?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What is my legal responsibility and liability if the dead tree on my property falls on my neighbor&#39;s property? There is a large dead tree on the property line between me and my neighbor. My neighbor fears it will fall on her barn and has ask me to assume responsibility for cutting down the tree before it falls. What is my legal responsibility and liability if this tree falls on her property?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Another form that should be used to get these stocks transferred to my name? I am transferring stock options in my deceased husband's name to mine.  Unfortunately, he did not list a beneficiary nor did he have a will.  His estate is greater than $100,000, so I cannot utilize the small estate affidavit under California law.  What would the next step be?  Or is there another form that should be used to get these stocks transferred to my name?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If there are 6 Heirs in a will, does each Heir have to have their own Attorney or can one Attorney represent all parties? If there are 6 Heirs in a will, does each Heir have to have their own Attorney or can one Attorney represent all parties?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Possible to set up a lease to own type deal so that I can purchase the other home? I am interested in purchasing a foreclosed home by Fannie Mae.  I have been pre-approved. My problem is that I already own a home. I have a person that is interested in purchasing my home. They had a home foreclosed on a little over 3 yrs ago. How do I go about getting this person to take over the loan on my home? Is it possible to set up a lease to own type deal so that I can purchase the other home?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Do I have a case if terminated when not paid out a package? I was employed at the Fall River Herald News. In October 2011, I requested to take my four weeks of vacation and it was approved by my direct supervisor.   I also requested to have additional time off, as I was taking a trip oversee to Portugal.  I spoke to both my direct supervisor and my supervisor's manager. I was granted this additional time, unpaid.  I left on my trip on October 11, 2011.  On October 31st Fall River Herald News informed their employees that their jobs were being eliminated.  I was on vacation and was never notified.   Unknown to me they terminated me and said I quit.  I had authorization to take my four weeks of vacation. Because they terminated I was not paid out a package.  Do I have a case?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
Is there a law that makes it for a patient seeing hygienist to see a dentist also? Is there a Florida law that makes it mandatory for a patient seeing a dental hygienist to see a dentist also?	Family Questions	Florida
Doesn&#39;t the landlord have to inspect his building first and warrant an acceptable restaurant environment? I was leased commercial restaurant space with improper sewer gas venting.  Doesn't the landlord have to inspect his building first and warrant an acceptable restaurant environment?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Virginia
Do I have to resend new preliminary and lien notices or does the original still take effect since it was never satisfied? California lien law self storage. I have submitted Preliminary lien and Lien notices to a tenant. Originally scheduled for auction January 27,2012. The auction was cancelled.The original lien was never satisfied. Do I have to resend new preliminary and lien notices or does the original still take effect since it was never satisfied?	Leasing Questions	California
Legal for my landlord to use my deposit for my roommate&#39;s part? My landlord used half of  my Homeless one time help to pay my last and security, but used the other half to pay a room mates part...is this legal? My room mate did not pay her portion of the last and security deposit. Now what? And a year later is now telling me about this...	Real Estate Questions	California
How can I be advised about the process for a divorce? How can I be advised about the process for a divorce?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What are my options regarding my security deposit and not signing a lease? I gave a Georgia real estate agent a security deposit in the form of a $6,000 check. She sent the check to her client (landlord) prior to the signing of the lease agreement. She sent the check to her client, who, in turn, deposited said check. Is this legal? What are my options regarding the return of the $6,000. I never signed the lease because of several misrepresentations on the part of the agent and the landlord. I've have since told them I would not sign the lease and requested a check in the amount of $6,000. What are my options? Thanks!	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
If you lose your job and have to draw your retirement early can you still get unemployment? In TN if you lose your job and have to draw your retirement early can you still get your unemployment?	Employment Questions	Florida
Is it legal to rent my condo in Florida weekly? Is it legal to rent my condo in Florida weekly (not monthly)? It is paid off.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there a way to receive compensation if I was injured on the job and no medical expenses were paid? From 2004-2009 I received no overtime pay despite working well over 40 hours a week.  I received no pay stubs.  A position opened up that I was not made aware of.  I was injured several times on the job and no medical expenses were paid.  Is there a way to receive compensation?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Am I not entitled to my earned sick pay and personal time off pay? I recently resigned from a position in which I accrued sick pay, personal time, and vacation time. My employer states I  terminated employment I am only entitled to vacation pay  only.  Am I not entitled to my earned sick pay and personal time off pay?	Employment Questions	Illinois
If I get arrested for driving with a suspended license, does my vehicle automatically HAVE to be towed? If I get arrested for driving with a suspended license, does my vehicle automatically HAVE to be towed?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Is there any way to force my ex to attempt to refinance with his new wife to get the house on the market? My ex-husband and I still own a house together, and we have been divorced for 4 years.  He gutted the master bathroom a year ago and doesn't seem to be in a hurry to complete it.  Our divorce decree states that he is to refinance the house or list the house for sale 6 months from the date of the decree.  He tried to refinance about 4 years ago and was denied.  He tried selling the house 3 years ago, but the value was lower than what we owed on the mortgage.  He is current on all payments (mortgage, taxes, insurance), but no one is living in the house.  He recently re-married but refuses to refinance with her.  Is there any way to force him to attempt to refinance with his new wife or complete the bathroom to get the house on the market?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
What should a reseller agreement look like? What should a reseller agreement look like which enables subset of SaaS service to be available to partners?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How many days do they have to give you for your last check after you quit? How many days do they have to to give you your last check after you quit?	Employment Questions	California
Can my insurance company drop me if I get in an accident? I was accepted by a insurance company to drive a commercial truck. I have prior driving record and they still accepted me. Can they drop me if I get in an accident?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Does seniority mean anything if I&#39;m in a non-profit organization? I'm in a non-profit organization. If your grant doesn't get approved and you have been there for 13 years, and a co-workers grant is granted and they have been there for a year and around 4 month it was part-time. Does seniority mean anything who stays and who goes?	Employment Questions	West Virginia
Legal that FMLA &amp; short term disability are used together if an employee has a medical procedure? Legal that FMLA and short term disability are used together or ran concurrently if an employee has a medical procedure and is off work?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Will I be able to collect after 20 years of working and recently quitting? After 20 years of working,  I quit my job due to boss demands and automatic expectations. Will I be able to collect?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What should I do with my friend who&#39;s been charged as a sex offender but don&#39;t believe his label? I am 21 and I have known my best friend for over 7 years. He was my best friend all through high school and when he was 18, he was charged as a sex offender even though he is not at all what he is labeled as. I am going through a custody battle and my ex is trying to keep me away from my best friend although he has never met or had any contact with my daughter and probably will never meet her. I don't feel like I should abandon my best friend when him and I are not doing anything to harm my daughter. We only hang out when my daughter is in the care of her father for an overnight or my parents after she has gone to bed for the night. Can you give me advice? I want to keep my best friend in my life.	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Where can I get legal counsel for free as my wife left me with no income in Massachusetts? Where can I get legal counsel for free as my wife left me with no income in Massachusetts?	Family Questions	California
Can a lawyer drop you after 3 years, then drop you because  you don&#39;t have any more money? Can a lawyer drop you after three years and using all your money over a hundred thousand dollars, then drop you because  you don't have any more money?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How often can California&#39;s child support levy my account in one month? How often can California's child support levy my account in one month? In 2 months, in 3 months? I was told once every 90 days. What is the specific code?	Family Questions	California
My brother has a tenant in his rental house that has been there for six months. They had an oral agrement that the rent would be $600/month and she&#39;s only paid a total of $600. He wants to sell the home and has interested buyers who cannot proceed until she vacates the property. What should he do?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Pros and cons if I live at an owner-occupied condominium recently converted from a co-op? I live at an owner-occupied condominium recently converted from a co-op. We are in the  process of deciding whether or not to allow leasing and the communit , which is small, is divided.  Please advise the pros and cons? thank you  Joan	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it illegal for a company to offer temporary workers overtime hours over full-time employees? If so, can those full-time employees file a complaint with the NLRB? Is it illegal for a company to offer temporary workers overtime hours over full-time employees? If so, can those full-time employees file a complaint with the NLRB?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is it legal for my wife&#39;s boss to change the rules of her maternity leave and add that she probably won&#39;t have a job after? Before my wife started her new job, her friend promised her 12 weeks of maternity leave.  She is currently pregnant and at high risk.  He just recently told her that he could only give 6 maybe 8 weeks of maternity leave because he needs her there and is valuable to him. Then he tells her that if she takes 12 weeks off, which is likely going to be the case according to her doctor, he makes the comment that she may not have a position for her if she takes 12 weeks.  He also makes the comment to her regarding using her breast pump that she can do that at lunch in her truck.  Can I do anything?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
My wife and I have rented a residence for the past 6 years, always paid our rent, made several complaints about work that needed done. 2 weeks ago we received a letter from our local sheriff&#39;s dept. stating the house would be auctioned off Dec. 28. Are we still required to pay rent?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Ohio
Can I change the locks if I served my husband with papers? Can I change the locks if I served my husband with papers?	Family Questions	Iowa
Can a person have two insurance policies on one car in Florida? Can a person have two insurance policies on one car in Florida?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What is the procedure for reporting employers that do not pay employees? What is the procedure for reporting employers that do not pay employees?Thank you	Employment Questions	Florida
Can a company force you to work more than 40 hours a week? Can a company force you to work more than an eight hour day or 40 hr week?	Employment Questions	New York
What should I do to get legal rights to see my grandchildren? What should I do to get legal rights to see my grandchildren?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
How to report workplace bullying and slander? How to report workplace bullying and slander?	Employment Questions	New York
How long after affidavits and waivers are filed is a divorce final in Pennsylvania? How long after affidavits and waivers are filed is a divorce final in Pennsylvania?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I claim my daughter on my taxes if I have primary residential custody of my daughter? I have primary residential custody of my daughter. She has been living with her dad for 2 years and I haven't asked for child support and the court papers haven't changed. I'd like to know if I can claim her on my taxes? We have always split this but know he is refusing.	Family Questions	Florida
Are there any laws limiting the hours I am required to work in a day? I am employed by a family as a live in nanny and I'm working 12 to 13 hours per day 5.5 days per week are there any laws limiting the hours I am required to work in a day?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Allowed to take vacation from work if you have no vacation time left as long to take the time with no pay? Are you allowed to take vacation from work if you have no vacation time left as long as your able to take the time with no pay? Can they say no u cant take time off if you have no paid vacation time left?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
What to do if I got served from a one-night stand and wants sole custody of our son? I got served papers, from a one night stand. He wants sole custody of our son.	Family Questions	Missouri
Will I be able to take my name off the lease if my boyfriend and I broke up? My boyfriend and I have broken up. We both are on the lease. He refuses to leave. Will I be able to take my name off the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
How can I get my children&#39;s father back in the states? How can I get my children's father back in the states? He was deported in 2006. Because my daughters having health issues and wants to see him.	Immigration Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I convince my neighbor to hand the horse over to me legally if he&#39;s neglecting her? The horse across the street is owned by a man who has not fed her in many weeks. I give her water and food everything such as the saddle, saddle pad, bridle and jacket for her I have bought and is sitting in my house. How can I convince him to hand her over to me legally? He has taken her somewhere and I do not know if she is safe or is being taken care of.	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Can work suspend me without pay cause I am sick with a doctor&#39;s note? I was given a written warning for being absent. Can they suspend me without pay because I am sick and I have a doctor's note	Employment Questions	California
Can my fiance return to his native country to complete a medical rotation? I'm US citizen petition a fiance.  Once we get married in the USA within the 90 day mark. Can my fiance return to his native country to complete a medical rotation?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
How do I go about filing a lawsuit against two police stations for discrimination? How do I go about filing a lawsuit against two police stations for discrimination? I can't afford a lawyer and it's a winning case.	Criminal Questions	New York
Question about a garage door and refusing to pay for them to make it safe completely? I am a tenant and my garage door was broken last week.  I found out that it is too old and too dangerous to use. It doesn't even have safety censor.  When I moved in 5 month ago, it already had some problems and I asked the owner to fix it.  They fixed some but it wasn't completed.   Now the owner try to fix some parts, but safety issue is not solved at all, and even asked me to pay some of the fee for repair.  Can I refuse to pay and ask them to make it safe completely?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it legal to wait until the day after the dated paycheck to hand it out to the employee? Is it legal to wait until the day after the dated paycheck to hand it out to the employee?	Employment Questions	Michigan
If my brother is the executor of my mother&#39;s estate, can I dispute the first and last accounts? My brother is the executor of my mother's estate and I would like to dispute the first and last accounting of my mother's estate?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Should I have inherited my dad&#39;s belongings and can his other family buy me out? When I was 14, I decided to meet my family in Idaho. My dad had passed when I was 9 and I had never met him. They decided to put me in their family trust (My dad had 33%) and gave me 11%. They have been selling off my father's estates that were in the trusts and forging my signature to do so. Recently I found out about this and they decided they wanted me out of the trust and tried to trade my 11% with a 100,000 house that had 6,000 dollars taxes owed on it. I decided not to sign the papers until i had some legal advice. I have never seen any documents or anything else from the trust. Is there any advice or information you could help acquire? It's the Family Lucich Partnership in Boise, Idaho. Should I have inherited my dads belongings?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Idaho
Law regarding filing for divorce, if the husband and wife have been separated and live in different states? what is the law regarding filing for divorce, if the husband and wife have been separated for over 4 years and live in 2 different states (one being in Texas)?	Family Questions	Texas
Can I be fired after being released from workman comp being that I was an at-will employee? Can I be fired after being released from workman comp being that I was an at-will employee?	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal to service a court summons to someone else, when it is meant for someone else? Is it legal to service a court summons to someone else, when it is meant for someone else?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
I signed a contract in 2004 for DMX Music Service. It was for a contract period of 5 years. The contract auto-renewed in 2009, but I didn&#39;t receive any notice to remind me of this. I called to cancel my service and was told my contract extends to 2014. I have to pay to get out. Is this enforceable?	Contract Questions	Ohio
Will the judge award my ex half of my retirement from work or will they consider part of that a premarital asset? I was married for ten years and lived with the same woman for ten years prior to that. We signed a common law marriage agreement in Iowa where I work after living together for two years so she could be on my insurance where I work. We both live in Minnesota and we are now divorcing. Being that Minnesota doesn't recognize common law marriage but will honor them from other states, will the judge award her half of my retirement from work or will they consider part of that a premarital asset?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Minnesota
If my fiance has been in the United States since 1998 and cant get a work permit, how can we get this? If my fiance has been in the United States since 1998 and cant get a work permit, how can we get this?	Family Questions	Missouri
What to do if a former employer has been giving me bad references? I was fired from my job in May. I found out that the lady I worked for has been giving me bad references to potential employers. A former coworker told me this. I thought something was weird cause once I would interview with a company they said everything was great then would say they went in a different direction. How can I prove this and do I have a legal leg to stand on since she is keeping me from working now?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is my attorney still responsible for pending portion? In 2001 I was injured on the job and we settled the compensation portion in 2005 but left the medical open.  The insurance company is giving me a hard time and now my pharmacy (IWP) will no longer fill my prescriptions.  I've been trying to contact my attorney for the past three years with no responses. A few weeks ago I told the paralegal I was coming in to get copies of the transcripts from the hearings but I was told all my records have been shredded. The next day I received a letter from the attorney stating that since we have settled he was no longer my attorney.  I'm located in Pennsylvania and since the medical portion is still open isn't my attorney still legally bound to represent me since he's been paid?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Can someone confront you over something they think you said that was slander when it was a private? Can someone confront you, over something they think you said that was slander when it was a private conversation?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Is it MA law that employers pay you time and a half on Sundays? Is it MA Law that employers pay you time and a half on Sundays?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can I sue if I loaned my vehicle out to an individual and he let someone else use it without my permission? Can I sue if I loaned my vehicle out to an individual and he let someone else use it without my permission?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
If any of us decides to not vote, does that constitute a &quot;no&quot; vote for the group? My work unit is going to vote on an alternative work week schedule of 4days a wk at 10 hours a day. If any of us decides to note vote, does that constitute a "no" vote for the group, or does the non vote get discarded?	Employment Questions	California
Is there grounds for a suit against libel action on Facebook? Hello, I believe I might have a case for libel, but I'm not sure.  There are a group of people who have a private page on Facebook that they use mostly for gossip or posting videos.  I have seen things on this page really attacking me personally.  There have been pictures referencing my religion and even a false accusation that I was cause for someone getting an infection (supposedly an STD but it was a staph infection - regardless not from me).  Those are the two I found most offensive but there are more.  Is this grounds for a suit or no?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
What rights do I have when a company you work for has personal data stolen from there employer which has all knowledge of it happening? What rights do I have when a company you work for has personal data stolen from there employer which has all knowledge of it happening?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
If I have 3 cases in 4 states for traffic &amp; petty theft can I get it all in 1 state and serve probation with no jail? If I have 3 different cases one in GA, KS, AND NC. for traffic and petty theft can I get it all switched to one state and serve probation with no jail time?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
If hired as a full time employee and advised to cut back to 20 hours a week, Is this within laws? If you were hired as a full time employee and the Dr advised the management company that to save money this persons hours should be cut back to 20 hours a week, Is this within laws? She was at the hospital and she should be told not to come in at all but every-time she was not their a temp was called in to replace her then last week she came to work and because there were no more then 15 people to be seen she was told to leave.	Employment Questions	California
Can my work send me home from work when I arrived at the time i was on schedule? Can my work send me home from work when I arrived at the time I was on schedule?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What are laws about white phosphorus production and sales? What are the laws about producing and selling white phosphorus?	Chemicals/Materials Questions	Montana
legal to aim a camera at our deck and have a warning sign in front of the site? I live in Pennsylvania.  My wife and I have a seasonal campsite and we have a 5th Wheel Travel trailer parked on.  We pay a seasonal rental fee for this site.  Two years ago we had a lady with mental problems who is two trailers down from us spray my wife's flowers and bushes along side of a deck we have next to the trailer.  We installed one (1) Home Security Video Camera in front of our storage shed.  The camera is aimed at our deck and trailer only.  We installed it to Protect our Property.  I have a "Warning Security Cameras in Use" sign in front of the site.  Is it legal in the State of Pennsylvania?   Thank You Very Much	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding an elderly family member&#39;s account that recently died? An elderly family member, who lived in a Nursing Home financed 100% by MEDICAID recently died.  I emptied her bank account ($7500.00) and have used @ 1/2 of those funds to pay the  hotel and travel expenses of her immediate family so they could attend the services without financial  burden.  I have all the receipts.  Was this a mistake?  Can I give them the balance as per her wishes?Should I expect something from the state looking for these funds?Thank you.MEB	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can the father&#39;s payment to CS be lowered if he&#39;s not working? What if the father is not working, but is supposed to be paying cs?  Can the amount he pays be lowered?	Family Questions	Oregon
Right to tell my ex&#39;s boyfriend that he has no rights to my kids when initiating an argument about them? I am biological father of (2) children ages 13 and 12... The mother and I have been apart for 10 -11 years. I married 6 1/2 years ago and the mother was living in Ohio until about a year ago and have recently moved back in my local area. When she was living in Ohio, she had been with several partners and then got married and divorced within 6 months to a year of being married. She then started dating another man and they broke it off and she then started to date another man. So, he now has been in my children's life for about 2 1/2 years. They are not married and he constantly tries to initiate an argument with me concerning my kids. I told him  that he has no rights what so ever to my children, he is not their stepfather. Am I wrong  in any way?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I have judge reset a warrant? I need to simply get advice on how to handle this first time ever, accusation that warrants a "Citation And Temporary Order Of Protection".  I've had great difficulty in simply finding the answer to this question:Can I ask the judge to reset this a second time so that I can at least be aware of the claims?  I feel as though I need counsel because there are children involved so I take this citation very seriously.I believe I do have a right to counsel, even in a "silly bickering claim" as I do not want this to be viewed as some criminal charge nor do I ever want a record of such lunacy.  The only thing that comes to my mind when an 'order of prot.' is issued is OJ vs. Nicole Brown Simpson.	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Question regarding being served with motion of visitation and time sharing? I have been served with motion of visitation and time sharing. My ex ( never married) wants 4 overnights and wants 3 overnight next week. My son is 16 months old and he want me to pay him support since he only works part time. Will a judge allow a 16 month old nightlights? Can he get support? The child lives with me.	Family Questions	Florida
Can name calling be charged as domestic violence? Will I be charged for calling my girlfriend a, "bitch" in terms of domestic violence?	Family Questions	New York
What to do to be emancipated to live on my own with my boyfriend? I want to move out with my son and move with my boyfriend but I need to get emancipated. My grandma has guardianship of me till I'm 18. Can I still do that?	Family Questions	California
Can my employer make me use my vacation days before I claim unemployment? Can my employer make me use my personal and vacation days before I can file a claim with unemployment?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Does my employer have to pay the difference if I do not make enough in tips? I work in a restaurant and get paid the wage for a server but i do not make state minimum wage in tips. Does my employer have to pay the difference if I do not make enough in tips up to state minimum wage?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is the bank able to change the policy that was in place if they took over the complex? I currently am renting an apartment in Michigan and the bank has taken over the complex. My lease is up at the end of this month. However, when I moved in here I was given a policy book stating once lease expires you can go on a month-to-month for a 99.00 premium. Now I received a letter from the new management company and they are wanting 250.00 extra per month. I went to the office and talked to them and they will not budge. Are they able to change the policy that was in place?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can I sue a man who sent me two fake money orders to perform a job for him and is harassing me now? A man sent me two money orders to perform a job for him. The money orders were fake which I made him aware of and he won't stop emailing me demanding I send money I don't have. Can I sue for that?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Should I tell my employer that I&#39;ve been diagnosed with Hepatitis C? Should I tell my employer that I've been diagnosed with Hepatitis C?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How old do you have to be to work in Illinois? How old do you have to be to work in Illinois?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can an actor get hired to play the role of a man be fired for getting a sex change and is now a woman? Would that be breach of contract? Can an actor hired to play the role of a man be fired for getting a sex change and is now a woman? Would that be breach of contract?	Employment Questions	New York
Can I get in trouble if I move to another state while our custody hearing is going on? I got custody of my kids last year and planned to move to another state. The mom has visitation but hasn't set it up yet. They pushed our court date back 30 more days but my lease ends in two weeks if I move out of state. Can I get in trouble?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Permissible to wear black on black for managing heat stress in outdoors enviorment clothing regulations? Managing heat stress in outdoors environment clothing regulations. They want us to wear black on black. Is that permissible?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I take it out of security deposit due to negligence  of PM? I have a PM that gave me incorrect information in regards to month to month lease-tenant moved out early and received partial month receipts-PM said tenant only needed 30 day notice-NM law states tenant responsible for last months rent. Can I take it out of security deposit due to negligence  of PM?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New Mexico
If a policy changes at midnight, does this mean that they can change the time of coverage? This policy change intercepts at 12:01 am on the amended date listed at the bottom of this letter. No change will be effective prior to time changes requested. Does this mean that they can change the time of coverage?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can I take legal action against my company will not properly pay me? I currently work for a home health aide company I started working Dec. 12, 2011. I was rushed signing the paperwork and none of the paperwork was reviewed properly. Theemployee handbookwas given to me last with no time to properly look over it. I was late faxing in three timesheets, so I will not be paid for those weeks because in the handbook says late timesheets will not be paid. I don't believe that is fair. Are there any laws that will help me and can I take legal action?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Upon sale of your home, what does escrow advance mean? Upon sale of your home, what does escrow advance mean?  Do the sellers recover any part of this money?  Also what does pending escrow advance mean?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How can I have my husband adopt my son if I can&#39;t get a hold of my son&#39;s real dad? How can I have my husband adopt my son if I can't get a hold of my son's real dad?	Family Questions	Illinois
What are my rights against the tenants? Renters moved out and left their large screen TV and also realized they had Time Warner install cable throughout the house.  Time Warner drilled through the siding of the house from the outside.  What are my rights against the tenants?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Does an independent contractor become liable for damages when driving for another company? Does an independent contractor become legally liable for damages when performing services/driving for another company?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Will an easement to a pump house owned by a HOA to grant access and indemnify the HOA against liability for a drowning in unprotected ponds related to the pump house be sufficient to protect the HOA from liability, or will an additional lease agreement also be required?	Leasing Questions,Personal Injury Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Utah
How many breaks does an employer have to offer an employee in an 8-hour period? How many breaks does an employer have to offer an employee in an 8-hour period?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Legally possibly to bring my 15-year-old wife to CA if we were legally married in El Salvador? I'm 23. My wife is 15. We are legally married in El Salvador and I want to bring her to California. Is it legally possible?	Immigration Questions	California
Must a motorcycle rider wear eye protection? In Indiana must a motorcycle rider wear eye protection? Is it a state law in Indiana?	Family Questions	Indiana
Can a tenant living be forced to have the power in their name after giving a proper 30 day notice? Can a tenant living in New Mexico be forced to have the power in their name after giving a proper 30 day notice and moving out?	Real Estate Questions	California
Legal for an employee to have lost of his job when he was on short term disability? My husband is a town employee in MA.  He was out of work for short term disability (non work related).  When he returned, parts of his job were given to other employees and he lost the pay he would receive for these parts of the job.  His main job was still available.  Is this legal?  What can he do?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Am I still able to collect child support even if my children is 20 &amp; 21? Am I still able to collect child support even if my children is 20 & 21 ?	Family Questions	Michigan
Do I have to pay any taxes for a short sale in CA? If I short sale my home in CA do I have any penalties to worry about, and can the bank sue me for the money owed after a short sale?  Do I have to pay any taxes for a short sale in CA?  What do I need to know about a short sale in CA?  We have never been late on a payment.	Real Estate Questions	California
Does free rent affect our ability to finish out our lease under the foreclosure act of 2009? I am a tenant in a condo that just went into foreclosure. We signed our lease with a management company and paid our deposit to them, so we are not in jeopardy of losing our deposit. We received paperwork telling us we had 20 days to respond to the lawsuit. We notified the management company. Then the owner of our unit called and offered us free rent for the remainder of our lease, of which we have 5 months left. First, should we respond to the lawsuit? What should we say? Second, should we accept the free rent? Who is responsible for writing that contract? Last, does free rent affect our ability to finish out our lease under the foreclosure act of 2009?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What legal action can I take to get my name on the deed if my husband failed to do so? My husband did not put the deed to my house in my name, just his. It was supposed to be in my name also.  What legal action can I take to get my name on the deed?  Thanks!	Family Questions	Georgia
Question regarding a will&#39;s distribution of residue? If a will states that the distribution of residue is to be divided equally by the siblings but one sibling had her name on the account for easy access to the money does she have to divide that account which has quite a bit of money in it?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
How do I go about handling a failure to appear for criminal trespassing? How do I go about handling a failure to appear for criminal trespassing?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
How does legal separation work and does it get to be a court order? How does legal separation work? Does it get to be a court order? When things are agreed on, what happens if one of the party does doesn't hold up to agreement?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can I tape my manager in a dispose hearing if I told them in Missouri? Can I tape my manager in a dispose hearing if I told them in Missouri?	Employment Questions	Missouri
How do I go about getting an uncontested divorce if my husband is in federal prison? My husband is in federal prison. How do I go about getting an uncontested divorce? and how long does it take?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Will I still have to comply with paternity test if the father is emotionally and mentally unstable? I Have a two week old baby and father ordered a court-ordered paternity test. Father is emotionally and mentally unstable and I want to seek an interim protection order to limit his access to us. Will I still have to comply with paternity test	Family Questions	Virginia
Do I need a lawyer if I need to fill out a small estate&#39;s affidavit? I need to fill out a small estates affidavit, do I need a lawyer ?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
If wife has loan somewhere does husband have rights to know and how much? If wife has loan somewhere does husband have rights to know and how much?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
What happens to my house when my father-in-law dies? What happens to my house when my father-in-law dies? We share the house but he is the mortgage holder.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
In a civil suit, how far back in time can a plantiff be questioned regarding his criminal record? None	Litigation Law Questions	Oregon
What to do if a child was adopted without the birth parent knowing and the child is not happy? if a child was adopted without the birth parent knowing and the child was not happy with adopted parent, what can she do?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can I legally move out of my mother&#39;s home and into my father&#39;s home if I am only 17? Can I legally move out of my mother's home and into my father's home if I am only 17 and live in Illinois?	Family Questions	Illinois
Will I go back to jail during my trial for being charged with shoplifting even though I didn&#39;t steal anything? Will I go back to jail during my trial for being charged with shoplifting even though I didn't steal anything as I was just with the person who stole the item?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
if the father of your child did not sign the birth certificate can he get joint custody? if the father of your child did not sign the birth certificate can he get joint custody?	Family Questions	Indiana
If my company has put us on a 4 day week shouldn&#39;t we get paid over time for anything over 32 hours? I am a local truck driver and my company has cut us down to 4 days a week.  In the four days I drive I always work over our 8 hours.  As I said earlier my company is working us 4 days a week which is 32 hours a week.  Any hours we have over 8 hours a day my company takes to make up a 40 hour week and then we get paid over time for what is left.  Example Tuesday through Friday I had a total of 48 hours my company takes eight hours of that time as regular time making a 40 hour week and I get paid 8 hours over time.  If my company has put us on a 4 day week shouldn't we get paid over time for anything over 32 hours, which is 8 hours a day times 4 days equals 32 hours?	Employment Questions	Maryland
Can I file for custody a different way and can I file abandonment instead? I am trying to obtain custody of my children. I have already tried filing myself and the father did not respond. The judge would not sign off because I did not ask for child support. I do not care about support because I know I will not get any nor have I got any from the father. The father is not currently involved with the kids. Can I file for custody a different way? Can I file abandonment instead? I just want custody of my kids.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
Do I have any rights after making a purchase at a used car dealership to find out there are some faults in it? Do I have any rights after making a purchase at a used car dealership to find out there are some faults in it? They agreed to fix it, but are being really hard to work with always with an excuse. The auto dealer called me wanting proof of address after already showing him my insurance policy with both my dad (my cosigner) and my address, I told him I was busy and that I am not available at the moment, he said the following; "So you want to play these little games okay, well good luck getting your car fix cause it is not going to be over here." I feel like I am being bullied to get any cooperation from them. The name of this dealership is called "CAR OUTLET" located by Archer ave and Homan st. Am I just screwed in a bad deal or what?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Is there any way to get my wife&#39;s name off of her ex&#39;s loan? My wife's name is still on the loan for the house her and her ex-husband lived in.  They have been divorced for 10 years and he still lives there.  Is there any way to get her name off of this loan?  He will not do it?	Family Questions	Georgia
If I purchased a car from a lot and they promised to fix certain things within 30 days and they haven&#39;t yet, can I sue them? I purchased a car from a lot. However, the lot promised to fix certain things on the car within thirty days (which I have in writing). They have not did anything they promised. I need to know what I can do from a legal standpoint?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Who should handle my child support payments if I live in Tennessee and my son lives in Georgia? I live in Tennessee and my son lives in Georgia. Who should handle my child support payments?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Tennessee
Is it legal for neighbor to copy my guests&#39; license plates to give police? Is it legal for my neighbor to constantly write down the license plate number to all my guests and give it to the cops and the cops to keep driving by my house until the guests leave and then follow them?	Privacy Questions	Missouri
If I work 10 hours waitressing, how many breaks am I entitled  to by law? If I work 10 hours waitressing, how many breaks am I entitled  to by law?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How can I protect my information if a custody judge allowed the other party to subpoena my medical and pharmacy records? A custody judge allowed the other party to subpoena my medical and pharmacy records. How can I protect my information?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
If contesting a citation on window tint on an automobile, is the owner allowed to keep the tint on? If contesting a citation on window tint on a passenger automobile in the state of PA, is the owner of the car allowed to keep the tint on the car until the issue is taken to court?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Are disability pensions subject to equitable distribution in FL? Are disability pensions subject to equitable distribution in FL?	Family Questions	Florida
If the tenant &amp; landlord had verbal agreement on when Nov. rent will be paid and then the landlord gives tenant 5 day notice anyway and increases the rent without telling me, Can I still be kicked out?  Landlord hasn&#39;t fixed my heater since last year.	Leasing Questions	Arizona
Who do I contact to get release paperwork showing day entered prison and day released?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
What do I do if my employer doesn&#39;t respond to a grievance that I filed? What do I do if my employer doesn't respond to a grievance that I filed?	Employment Questions	California
Can I Quick Deed my house to my 15 year old daughter? Can I Quick Deed my house to my 15 year old daughter?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Need proof I don&#39;t get child support for my apartment manager? Need proof I don't get child support for my apartment manager?	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
What is my recourse if the seller did not hand me the PA title within the time period he promised? I put a deposit on a used vehicle from a private owner.  The seller did not have title PA title in hand but assured me that he would have it within 2-3 days.  It has been 7 days and no title.  Furthermore, the seller will no longer take my calls or reply to my texts.  I do want the vehicle but I feel I have been more then patient.  What is my recourse at this point?  I feel that I have been robbed, deceived and/or defrauded.  Please help!	Criminal Questions,Finance Questions	Ohio
What is the statue of limitations for NY if my son&#39;s hernia take out instead of his gallbladder? I just found out that my son was suppose to have an hernia taking out couple years ago and they took out his gallbladder instead. What is the statue of limitations for NY?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
What laws protect a family from statue of limitation for the bio-father to come back? I husband has been raising my son as his own and was willing to sign the birth certificate, know he wasn't the biological father. The Biological father knew he was a parental father and when the child was 3 months old, he was shown pictures of the child. He never attempted to see the child. Now the child is six and the biological father heard rumors from family that the child looked like him. So he came looking for us, Now my husband is fighting for his legal rights to my son. What laws protect a family from statue of limitation for the bio-father to come back?	Family Questions	Colorado
How many breaks do you get with an 8 hour shift? How many breaks do you get with an 8 hour shift?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Should I have the brokerage account put into a trust so that we can avoid probate &amp; the associated costs? Most of our property is owned in joint name and our wills leave everything to the other upon the death of the first spouse. There is 1 brokerage account and several working interest investments in oil wells held just in my name. Should I have the brokerage account and well ownerships put into a trust so that I/we can avoid probate and the associated costs and delays?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Do I need to have legal custody of my daughter if I raised her for 5 years but not married to her mother? I have been raising my daughter for 5 years. Her mother and I were never married. Do I need to have legal custody of her?	Family Questions	Ohio
When can I file a motion after a court order for about a week ago for child  custody? When can I file a motion after a court order for about a week ago for child  custody?	Family Questions	California
What are my options if my children are about to be adopted, but I&#39;m not willing to lose my children? My children are about to be adopted, but I'm not willing to lose my children. I feel I wasn't given a fair chance to get them back. What are my options?	Family Questions	California
Can you sue the funeral home for losing your father&#39;s peacemaker? Can you sue the funeral home for losing your father's peacemaker?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Michigan
If I transferred to another county and my child is 16 and doesn&#39;t want to go what do I do? If I transferred to another county and my child is 16 and doesn't want to go what do I do?	Family Questions	California
Can I get evicted for withholding rent even after court order? For the months of Nov. and Dec. I with held rent because of bad living conditions and my landlord filed eviction. We went to trail and thebjudge dismissed the eviction and granted my two months abatment. I was order to pay $825 for Nov and Dec but ordered to pay regular rent for Jan. But the conditions haven't changed. Now I paid for the two abated months but didnt pay for Jan because conditions. Still haven't changed. Can I be evicted within 24 hr. Even if my paper work states if condition not met. I could file against them	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
Are there any laws in Kentucky regarding the sale of a house with black mold? Are there any laws in Kentucky regarding the sale of a house with black mold?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
If my ex has not signed my separation agreement, should I agree to short sell our house right now? My Husband and I are getting a divorce. If He has not signed my separation agreement, should I agree to short sell our house right now without the separation agreement signed?	Family Questions	Virginia
How do you get child support from a non custodial parent who won a law suit? How do you get child support from a non custodial parent who won a law suit? His family said he's getting lawsuit money but owes me over five thousand dollar in back child support. How do I go and receive that?	Family Questions	Georgia
What obligation does the employer have to pay out the vacation time if they file for bankruptcy? In Oregon, if an employer goes out of business or files for bankruptcy and employees have accrued vacation time, what obligation does the employer have to pay out that vacation time?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Possible for non-custodial parent that has not made a child support payment be granted custody rights? Is it possible for the non-custodial parent that has not made a single child support payment be granted custody rights?	Family Questions	Florida
Can the father pay child support if not on the birth certificate? Can the father pay child support if not on the birth certificate?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can my grandmother kick us out after all these years since we payed the bills and renovated the house? I have lived in my Grandmothers house for 7 years.My Aunt is the legal owner of the home through living estate. Grandma passed in Nov. My Aunt is selling the house, which is fine.We payed all the bills &she; has not wanted rent.When she decided to sell the house, my husband made a verbal agreement with her. He would renovate the house completely (drywall,paint,electrical, new floors, tiles, two new bathrooms) & she would give him $25k at the end of the sale.Now she is kicking us out & not paying my husband. Can she kick us out after all these years(no agreement for lease?) Especially since we payed the bills and renovated the house? Can she back out of paying my husband for his labor which was 1,500 hours and raising the value of the home by $80K?	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
How should a notice and order petition for appointment of guardian of a minor be served? How should a notice and order petition for appointment of guardian of a minor be served? Mpc 540 in MA.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can I legally homeschool my son if his father doesn&#39;t want it? I want to homeschool my son, but his father doesn't want me to. Can I do it anyway legally? My son wants to be homeschooled. He is 15.	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can I receive money from my ex-husband&#39;s retirement from his job? Can I receive money from my ex-husband's retirement from his job?	Family Questions	Louisiana
What are options for false pretenses and accusations? If I was accused of stealing money from my job and the manager only has proof of me making duplicate receipts and no physical evidence of me taking money. What are my options for false pretenses and accusations?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
If you have a tenant that is taking you to court for no valid reason, can I make tenant pay for the legal fees? If you have a tenant that is trying to take you to court for no valid reason and me as the landlord have to pay for legal fees, How can I go about making the tenant pay me back for the legal fees?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can SSI be increased if doctor makes mistake? SSI question. Can someone receiving SSI get an increase if there was an error on the part of the doctor? He failed to give a timely diagnosis by the SSI deadline which meant she receives a smaller amount.Will be happy to provide more info if needed.	Government Questions	Virginia
If you are purchasing a franchise and have put down money how long does it typically take for the bank to come up with the UCC for the previous owner? If you are purchasing a franchise and have put down money how long does it typically take for the bank to come up with the UCC for the previous owner?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
Am I entitled to an instant divorce if my husband is in jail for bad behavior? I have been away from my husband for over 11yrs. He's been in prison for over 11yrs for kidnapping and bad behavior as well as several other things.  Am I entitled to an instant divorce?  And if so how can I get him to pay for it?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can my wife have me evicted when my name is not on the rental agreement? My wife is trying to have me evicted from our apartment. My name is not on the rental agreement so can she have me evicted and how long do I have to remove my things and myself?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is there anyway I can obtain the abandoned house next door through adverse possession? The house next door to me has been abandon for about a year & a half.  It's about 800 square feet on a 3/4 acre lot.  It is becoming more distressed by the day.  Is there anyway I can obtain it through adverse possession?  I live in Frederick County Virginia.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Am I legally obligated to pay next month&#39;s rent due to their inconvenience and &quot;pain and suffering&quot;? My washing machine valve failed and flooded my rental condo (which was vacant). The condo next door to my unit received some water damage to their living room carpet (a few feet in from the wall). I paid to have their entire living room carpet replaced, the bottom portion of the wall and insulation between the 2 units replaced, hotel and food for the tenants during the 5 days the repairs were done. During the time the repairs were being made, the tenants claim my property manager told them I would pay their next month's rent (which my property manager denies and nothing is in writing) They are now demanding I pay their next month's rent ($1,300) due to their inconvenience and "pain and suffering". Am I legally obligated to pay this?	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I need to seek new counsel if I have not heard from my attorney in the past 7 months? Good Morning i am currently the plaintiff in a federal discrimination lawsuit.  The opposing counsel has filed a motion for summery judgment.  This motion was filed 10/31/11.  My question is how long does this process normally take to be ruled on and are there any steps that my attorney can take from this point to speed up the process or make an inquiry on why the delay?  Also I have not heard from my attorney in the past 7 months and even emails/phone calls go unreturned do I need to seek new counsel?  Thank you T Colson	Employment Questions	Georgia
Legal for my manager to make me pay for broken equipment? Is it legal for my manager to make me pay for broken equipment, while performing the work that needed to be done?	Employment Questions	Colorado
If I call out of work and have a doctor&#39;s note can my employer hold my check? If I call out of work and have a doctor's note can my employer hold my check?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If I recently moved out of a family member&#39;s home, do they have the right to keep my property and refuse to let me get it? I recently moved out of a family member's home. Do they have the right to keep my property and refuse to let me get it? I have tried once and they refused.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Am I responsible to pay for online classes that I didn&#39;t take? I Gave Credit card # online & have been billed for online classes that I've never taken from University. Did not want them, I cancelled. University got $$ from cards. Am I responsible to pay? May have signed contract? I have had two head trauma's, may have forgotten to cancel in Lengths time.SSDI	Consumer Questions	Florida
What to do if I have  2 stepdaughters and would love to become their legal guardian after their mother died? We live in PA.  I have 2 stepdaughters and would love to become their legal guardian.  Their Mom passed away 3 1/2 years ago and their Dad and I have been married for little over a year.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What are my rights as a tenant with regards to noise level in an 8 apt. housing dwelling? What are my rights as a tenant with regards to noise level in an 8 apt. housing dwelling?  Also, is there a limit as to the amount of people living in one apt in Bucks County, PA	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my landlord evict me if I&#39;m eight months pregnant? Can my landlord evict me if I'm eight months pregnant?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What do I do if I receive phone calls accusing me of borrowing money which I didn&#39;t? I am receiving phone calls saying I borrowed money which I know I didn't. They say I need an attorney. I have NO MONEY.	Consumer Questions	Florida
What state do I apply for child support if the non-custodial parent lives in different state? What state do I apply for child support if the non-custodial parent lives in different state?	Family Questions	Georgia
After temp assignment is completed do they have to offer me back my prior position and location? The company I work for asked me to run a high volume/position as a temp assignment.  After temp assignment is completed do they have to offer me back my prior position and location?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Would a traffic ticket passing a red light go on my record? I received traffic ticket passing red light. I have clean driving record in the last 7 years . Would this ticket I received this time will go on my record?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Is a electronics repair shop obligated to replace my television, free of charge, when it was stolen while in their possession? Is a electronics repair shop obligated to replace my television, free of charge, when it was stolen while in their possession?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
Could I get emancipated if I&#39;m 16 and pregnant and want to live with my boyfriend&#39;s family? I am a 16-year-old, pregnant teenage girl and I'd live to get emancipated from my parents so I can live with my boyfriend (18) and his mother. My boyfriend has a job. His mother has given me the permission to move in. My father puts a lot of stress on my shoulders, and I don't want my child around that. Could I get emancipated? Do I have a good chance at getting it accepted? How long would it take? And what is lowest cost if any at all?	Family Questions	Illinois
True that if I pay someone&#39;s mortgage for 3 months on time that it will be changed to my name? Is it true that if I pay someone else's mortgage for three month on time that mortgage will be changed to my name?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
How much will it cost me to contest an annulment? How much will it cost me to contest an annulment? How long will it take to contest an annulment? My husband filed an annulment in superior court San Diego and I am here in Chicago. Do I have to go there in San Diego just to contest an annulment?	Family Questions	Indiana
Question about identity theft and payday loans? I had gotten a Payday loan and paid off the loan.  However an employee of that company had stolen my identity and took out a loan in my name.  I was never notified of this information nor do I know how it affected my credit history.  Another employee had told me the activity in confidence thinking I wouldn't do anything about it after I tried applying for a loan again through the company.  I have gotten a print out of the loan and activity on the account I had through the company.  Is there anything I can do?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
With malpractice, can you file a suit released from hospital with pneumonia? With malpractice, can you file a suit released from hospital with pneumonia?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Can a citizen violate another citizen&#39;s rights? Can a citizen violate another citizen's rights?	Criminal Questions	California
Void contract if I have a car loan and found out they reported on my credit twice with 2 different balances? I have a car loan and recently found out they reported on my credit twice with 2 different balances and monthly amounts which is making it where I have 2 car loans. Would this be a void contract with this being said?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
What do I do if the bank is suing me for the house when it&#39;s not my house but my late father&#39;s? My dad passed with no living will. The back is suing me for the house of what was owed. I am not on the house. Why are they suing me? What can I do?	Family Questions	Texas
Can my community corrections/probation be violated if I was accused of a crime but not prosecuted? Can my community corrections/probation be violated if I was accused of a crime but not prosecuted?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Legal issues about mortgage notes and foreclosures? What information can I gain from you regarding legal issues about Mortgage notes and foreclosures?  I have many questions on this subject.	Banking Law Questions	Idaho
Is there a statute of limitations in probate regarding dispute of a Durable POA? In Michigan, is there a statute of limitations in probate regarding dispute of a Durable Power of Attorney and will reading or copies not provided of will regarding father?  Do family members have rights when they were NEVER notified of a grandmother's death AND never involved with/or provided a copy of her known will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
How do I find out if my family is hiding life insurance money from me from my deceased grandmother? How do I find out if my family is hiding life insurance money from me from my deceased grandmother?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can my abandoned husband sell his four wheeler and keep all the money when no one has filed for a divorce? My husband left 2 weeks ago but no one has filed for a divorce.  I think he is going to sell or transfer his four wheeler that is worth at least $6000.  Can he do that and keep all the money?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Do I get money back from defendant&#39;s bank or employment? How would I get my money back from the defendant, through her bank or employment?	Litigation Law Questions	Georgia
Is it possible for me to apply for a legal separation in TX while in MA? Is it possible for me to apply for a legal separation in TX while in MA?   Do I have to bring my children back to Texas?    What are my rights as a "non-breadwinner?"  Does it matter that he is not a citizen (green card holder) and refuses to become one?  As I have said we have gone to several counselors as my goal has always been to keep our family intact.  It has now come to me wanting to keep my children in a healthy supportive environment.  Thank You for your assistance. (it said detailed...)	Family Questions	Texas
If I give two week at a job, am I still entitled to my vacation time? If I give two week at a job, am I still entitled to my vacation time?  My ex-employer says no.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can I sue Advil for causing cancer? Can I sue Advil for causing cancer?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
How can I get my business partner out if I have a problem with him? I have a problem with my business partner. How can I get him out?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	M4
If I had serious back bruising from an incident in a movie theater, should I go back and sue? I was sitting in my seat at the movie theater when the chair broke up underneath me. I ended up with the seat on the ground and me leaning my right side so at that point I was shock. I told my boyfriend that my seat just broke and that I need to tell the manger and that I pulled something in my back. I went to let the manager know and I showed him the seat. He did a report and he asked me if I needed medical attention. I said no, not at this time. If I do I will go later and also I told him I didn't want to cause a scene and that I was letting them know so no other person would sit there but I did tell him I was feeling some pain. Since then, I have been to the E.R. because my back continues to hurt. They did X-rays and said that there may be some bruising. So what do I do from here?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What to do if I asked my employer to show me proof that I counterfeited money but refuses? I was recently terminated from my place of employment for excepting counterfeit money. I asked them to prove to me that I did take the money but they refused to show me.	Employment Questions	Florida
What do I do when there is a discrepancy when buying a used car? I went to a dealership to buy used a car. The car was $12500 on Internet sticker and the price was $16905 when i went to finance office. Without knowing, they raised the price to $17400. Now that I looked at the contract , what is there for me to get my money back?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
What are acceptable expenses I can be reimbursed from my mother&#39;s funds if I have cared for her? I have cared for my 90-year-old mother as her guardian since 2005. What are acceptable expenses I can be reimbursed for from her funds?	Family Questions	Michigan
If the garbage disposal has gone out in my rental unit, am I required to replace it? If the garbage disposal has gone out in my rental unit, am I required to replace it? I live in Colorado.	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Can an employer take your tip money if they &quot;say&quot; that your cash drawer was short without proving to you that the drawer was actually short? Can an employer take your tip money if they "say" that your cash drawer was short without proving to you that the drawer was actually short?  Even if you signed a paper when you got hired that stated if you were responsible for your cash drawer being short, then you would have to pay it back?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can an employer lay you off regardless of seniority? Can an employer lay you off regardless of seniority?	Employment Questions	New York
How many years does a company contract with an employee after a training of new skills? How many years does a company contract with an employee after a training of new skills?	Employment Questions	California
What to do if my lien-holder is refusing to send the title of my car to my new state of residence? What to do if my lien-holder is refusing to send the title of my car to my new state of residence in order for me to register my car?	Consumer Questions	Kentucky
What can I do if I was falsely accused of harassment at work and lost my job as a result of it? I've been working as a food production supervisor for the past two years.  All of the employees under my supervision met with HR and my superior to complain about my treatment of them.  I was not present at the meeting.   They claimed that I run the machines too fast and don't care about the quality of the product.  One  individual accused me of grabbing them by the shoulders and moving him/her to the side.  I never did such a thing and was not informed of who made the accusation.  The following work day I received a letter stating my termination due to an accusation of harassment.  What can I do if I was falsely accused of harassment at work and lost my job as a result of it?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I evict my tenants if they haven&#39;t paid their rent in 3 months? My tenants haven't paid their rent in 3 months. Can I evict them?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Can I Leave Colorado during divorce to pursue another job if I&#39;m not taking the kids? Can I Leave Colorado during divorce to pursue another job if I'm not taking the kids?	Family Questions	Colorado
Is it legal in mass to tell employees where they can or cannot cash payroll checks? Is it legal in mass to tell employees where they can or cannot cash payroll checks?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Question regarding A homeowner hiring a person to do work at their house? "A homeowner hired a person to do work at their house. The person got someone else to do the work. The homeowner paid the person that they hired but the one who did the work did not get paid. Who should the person who did the work sue for payment?"	Consumer Questions	Georgia
My landlord gave me until November 12th to move out of my apartment. I have a 1 year child and I cannot afford to move out within a week. Is there anything I can do to stay longer? If so, how long will I be able to stay before being removed?	Leasing Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a 17-year-old date a 20-year-old in Missouri without parent consent? Can a 17-year-old date a 20-year-old in Missouri without parent consent?	Family Questions	Missouri
What are the advantages and disadvantages of filing as an S-corp vs. an LLC? What are the advantages and disadvantages of filing as an S-corp vs. an LLC?	Employment Questions	California
Will I get full custody if father not intending to be in child&#39;s life? I have recently filled for full custody and the father shows no intent on wanting to fight or be part of the kids lifes, do you think I will win my case and get full custody?	Family Questions	Idaho
Ex-boyfriend&#39;s neighbor is dealer and he has shared custody. I share a daughter with an ex boyfriend. He has her every other weekend. My concern is that his neighbor is a dealer, and my daughter is allowed to hang at this person's house and of course, I am against it. Is there anything I can do to prevent this?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a house be sold when the owner has been placed in a medical facility without the notifying of the heirs? Can a house be sold when the owner has been placed in a medical facility without the notification of the heirs?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Who gets the kids if I&#39;m a stay at home dad and volunteer firefighter while my wife is cheating? I'm a stay at home dad and volunteer firefighter. My wife is a cheater. Who gets the kids?	Family Questions	New York
Can I Sue for equipment I lent out? Can I Sue for equipment I lent out? I have created a contract, we both signed. There was a 20$ a day fee. She has not returned equipment.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
I want to know if I can file for an annulment if my husband lied about his name, age and citizenship? My husband and I have been married for almost ten months. We don't live together and never have. He lied to me about his name, age and citizenship. I don't even know who he is really. I want to know if I can file for an annulment and if so where do I go to do that?	Family Questions	Oregon
Do I have to pay interest on a 7-year-old car loan with repossession? Do I have to pay interest on 7-year-old car loan with repossession?	Consumer Questions	Utah
Can my employer deny me requested time off to take foster parent/adoption training classes? Can my employer deny me requested time off to take foster parent/adoption training classes?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How many hours can a child work in a week to be able to stop receiving child support? In new York state child support case, how many hours can a child work in a week to be able to stop receiving child support?	Family Questions	New York
Legal if the grandfather&#39;s trustee blacked out a lot of the will so that we could not see it? My grandfather lived in Florida and the trustee of his estate blacked out a lot of the will so that we could not see it.  Is that legal?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I list my wife and disabled son as co-beneficiaries on Illinois teacher&#39;s retirement? Can I list my wife and disabled son as co-beneficiaries on Illinois teacher's retirement? How would this jeopardize his current SSI and medicare? He would receive more money that his current $900. per month but I would not want him to have to repay SSI or medicare for monies and services he has received.	Employment Questions,Family Questions,Finance Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
How difficult is it to get a writ of replevins? How difficult is it to get a writ of replevins?  Is it possible to do without hiring an attorney?	Family Questions	California
When a church is signing a lease, should the board be signing as representatives of the church? When a church is signing a lease, should the board members who are signing, be signing as individuals and representatives of the church or just as representatives of the church?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Is it illegal for a man to wear women&#39;s clothes anywhere in The US? Is it illegal for a man to wear women's clothes anywhere in The US?	Immigration Questions	New York
If I go public, can I say the Sheriff &amp; detective&#39;s names in my story that has done us wrong? Hello, My question is I want to go public with our story about how the sheriff & his detectives has mishandled many of our home burglary cases involving a relative of the sheriff. Can I say the Sheriff & detectives names in my story that has done us wrong? I can prove everything I say in my story. Thanks, Victims by both, the perps and the law!	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What are the regulations of breaks and meal times? I am in HR in Georgia and I need to know what Breaks and meal times should be given to our employees? They work 8 hours day but have been working over 10 hours this week.	Employment Questions	Georgia
Do I need to get divorce papers signed and notarized before going to business office? I'm filing for a divorce up at the court house. Do I need to get papers signed and notarized before going to business office or just sign them there in front of clerk?	Family Questions	California
What are my options if someone is trying to sue me for a property they lost and claims i took it? what are my options if someone is trying to sue me for a property they lost and claims i took it?	Criminal Questions	New York
To take our previous mortgage company to court over My husband and I declared a chapter 13 several years ago.  According to our plan, 90% of the money that we paid our mortgage company was supposed to go to the principal and as it turns out, they did not put any of the money toward it.  We paid over $35000 to them in 3 years.  We asked to turn the house back over through the court.  It was granted because they never responded.  Now they have treated it as a foreclosure, stole things out of the house before we moved out and have put $21000 owed on our credit reports.  We know that what they have done is wrong we want to take them to court.  They violated our rights and we want justice.  We cannot get credit because of all of this.  What can we do?	Consumer Questions	Ohio
Can I win an appeal for falsifying a letter? I was fired from my job for falsifying a letter to a housing agency in an attempt to misrepresent my employment status using the company's letter head.  I was denied unemployment insurance.  Will I be able to win an appeal if I fight for it?	Employment Questions	New York
If I annul my marriage, can I still marry someone else who is a U.S citizen for love in the future? My visa expired. I got married two weeks ago with girlfriend of 3 years who just became U.S resident. We have huge issues and we want to annul the marriage. If I do this can I still marry someone else who is a U.S citizen for love in the future? or This annulment would make it impossible for me to remarry and become a resident?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Should I change the name of my business or is that even necessary to protect my interest? My mother-in-law and I started a business 8 years ago. However, she passed away after 10 months of being in business. We never drew up partnership papers or even inc the business. Now after 7 years, I continued the business and it's successful. One of her adoptive children is looking for some money from the business, of which she was never a part of. I need to know should I change the name of the business or is that even necessary to protect my interest? She feels she should be compensated because she is not working some 7 years later. Please advise.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Can I change child&#39;s surname without estranged biological father&#39;s consent? I want to change the last name of my child from her absentee bio-father.  His name is on the birth certificate but was never "legitimized" as her father.  Can I do this without the biological father's consent?  If so how?	Family Questions	Florida
What to do when issues with a used Toyota car appears when not honoring their warranty? I bought a used Toyota in the State of Florida and paid cash 1 year ago. I moved to Atlanta and recently had engine problems - I am still under warranty less than 60,000 miles. The car had a recall in 2009 which was not done by the owner a part directly under the engine was involved. Atlanta Toyota said they would not honor the warranty - what can I do the car has not been fixed this happened two weeks ago. I reported the incident to Toyota Scion Customer service and they were supposed to call the manager at the dealership. I called the Manager Davis Stanley and he called me back and asked for the Scion customer service guy I spoke with and my case number - not sure what to do next the car has not been fixed yet do I need a lawyer?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
How long for law to be taken out of an employee&#39;s paycheck before paying it to child support agency? How long does New Jersey law allow an employer to hold child support taken out of an employee's paycheck before paying it to child support agency?	Family Questions	New Jersey
Is it legal to refuse to reimburse if not billed? Can my tenants refuse to reimburse me for utilities I've paid if I didn't bill them for 13 months?	Leasing Questions,Utilities Questions	Michigan
Is it illegal for a neighbor to have video camera pointed at my house? I have a neighbor that has a video camera pointed at my house.  Is it against the law for her to be doing this?	Personal Injury Questions	Colorado
Question regarding when I am an Indian national currently on my H1B Visa working in New York? I am an Indian national currently on my H1B Visa working in New York. My H1B is about to expire on 09/30/2012 and my company wants to process my first H1b Extension this week.However, I just realized that my passport expired 2 weeks ago and I am in a Jeopardy.I have all the necessary documents ready to renew my passport in Indian consulate here in NYC but I was told that it will take 1-3 weeks of processing time.Please suggest me what my options are so that I don't have to go back to India and my company can file my Extension.Can my reason of applying for H1B extension be valid for Tatkal passport renewal.Any help is highly appreciated.	Immigration Questions	New York
Are my parents allowed to go into my room and take my stuff and throw it out when I&#39;m 18? I'm eighteen, and I live with my parents in Va Beach, Va. I'm not in school anymore and I'm working. Are my parents allowed to go into my room and take my stuff and throw it out?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can I sue the landlord when he refuses to fix things like bedbugs and mice infestation? I have been living in my apartment for four years and the landlord refuses to fix any thing it is bedbugs and mice infested and when I file a complaint it takes them for ever to respond I have called the health department and things still haven't changed. Can I sue?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Kentucky
At what age can a child decide for themselves which parent they want to live with? At what age can a child decide for themselves which parent they want to live with?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oklahoma
Questions regarding my fiance having stage 4 cirrhosis? I have 3 different issues going on now. 1. My fiance found out he has stage 4 cirrhosis and cannot be treated. He's had Hep C unknowingly for 25 yrs at least. Meanwhile he had doctors prescribing him every narcotic under the sun for almost 10 yrs at extremely high doses. Had they checked his liver enzymes like they were supposed to do, they would've found it soon enough for him to be treated. Now he is terminal. 2. Last night he got bitten by a rat in our apt which is clean. I took him to the ER for antibiotics and tetanus shot. We have a severe problem in the building.3. I had to make an EEO complaint against my boss for sexual harassment and my accusations were found to be true. He was demoted. Can he be liable?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
In Utah can a Justice Court send a person to prison? In Utah can a Justice Court send a person to prison?	Criminal Questions	Utah
What are the legal ramifications if they cancel my wife&#39;s Cobra? My family has been on Cobra since July 2011.  My wife has been on Medicare since Oct 2009 due to ESRD.  We understand that after 30 months of being on Medicare due to ESRD, Medicare becomes primary and Cobra becomes secondary for medical items related to ESRD.  Today we recd a letter form my former employer stating that they has terminated my wife's entire Cobra insurance effective April 1, 2012 due to electing Medicare coverage, which as we know is incorrect.  They have stated that since Medicare became primary, then Cobra ends. What are the legal ramifications if they cancel her Cobra & what are DOL rules that I can state to them?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How may I address for relief if I was injured while imprisoned by staff in 1986? I was injured while imprisoned by staff in 1986. How may I address for relief?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal for my place of work to withhold my tips for more than two weeks? Is it legal for my place of work to withhold my tips for more than two weeks when I only make five dollars an hour?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is there anything I can do to keep my daughter in California instead of Alabama with her father to insure her well being ? My daughter's father has custody in Alabama. I've lived in California the past 6 months and he let me bring her here for a visit. I believe she's being neglected. Is there anything I can do to keep her here to insure her well being? She's 3 years old.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is there PA statute of limitations for forgotten dental deduction? Recently I received a bill for $1,600 for a dental deduction that my employer forgot to take out since 2008. According to the PA Fair Labor Standards, is there a statue of limitations that they must follow?	Financial Questions,Tax Questions	Pennsylvania
How long after a parent isn&#39;t in their child&#39;s life is it considered abandonment? So my son Caleb is 5 years old. I have not been with his father and he has not seen or talked to my son in a year and a half. Before then, he was off and on and he's also abusive. He's on the birth certificate and I want to go for full custody without visitation. My fiance will be adopting my son after we are married. How long after a parent isn't in their child's life is it considered abandonment?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is hand written divorce response legal? Is it legal to submit a handwritten college ruled paper as a divorce response to the supreme court in New York?	Family Questions	New York
What is Florida Law in giving advance notice to show apartment to buyers? What is Florida Law in giving advance notice to show apartment to buyers?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is estranged wife next of kin? My daughter's father died.  He was separated from his second wife for 15 years.  He has two other daughters ages 27 and 36 and my daughter who is 19. Is the wife, who he was separated from, consider his next of kin? We live in SC. Does she have all legal rights? He had no will.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	South Carolina
What happens if I file complaint for divorce instead of decree of divorce? I am going on Friday to file my divorce at the court house in Elko County, Nevada and I was wondering, if I file the complaint for divorce instead of the decree of divorce, does this mean the judge will call for a court date even if both myself and my husband sign mutually?	Family Questions,Legal Questions	Nevada
What should I do if my landlord has not replaced a door that was broken into? My landlord has not replaced a door that was broken into. What should I do?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
Legally how does the landlord have to serve notice on the renter? Legally how does the landlord have to serve notice on the renter? Does the landlord have to serve notice to increase rent or vacate through the mail?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Can an employer suspend you without pay if you do not sign a document they presented? Employment Law situation...Can an employer suspend you without pay if you do not sign a document they present to you after an investigation?	Employment Questions	New York
How much is filling fees? How much is filling fees?	Family Questions	Missouri
Company will not pay me because job was for free. I worked for 12 hours a day for 2 weeks on my part-time job, however instead recieving my check at the end my boss told me that they will not pay this time because this job was for free. I asked the company and they said the same thing. What should I do now?	Employment Questions	New York
Is it illegal to go 5 miles under the speed limit? Is it illegal to go 5 miles under the speed limit?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Can the landlord make me pay for damage to carpet after being there 3 and 1/2 years? Can the landlord make me pay for damage to carpet after being there 3 and 1/2 years?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can probation officer of opposite sex enter bathroom with you for urine test? If your probation officer is the opposite sex of you, can they enter the bathroom with you to take a urine test?	Criminal Questions	California
What to do if My supervisor gave me a job and I couldn&#39;t stop so he said cursed at me? What to do if My supervisor gave me a job and I couldn't stop the job I was working on so he said cursed at me?	Employment Questions	New York
Is it illegal for my landlord to change the locks on my door without taking me to court? I live in Chicago and I was wondering is it illegal for my landlord to change the locks on my door without taking me to court?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can I just write a letter and have my ex-husband sign it and get it notarized instead of filing a document? I have a temporary protection order on my ex-husband on my self and our daughter. My ex-husband wants me to drop it and in return he is welling to give me temporary custody and would not if force his solo custody rights unless myself or a legal authority contacts him and tells him that our daughter is out of my control. Is there a legal document that I would have to fill out and file with the courts or can I just write a letter and have my ex husband sign it and get it notarized?	Family Questions	Colorado
What can i do if my landlord won&#39;t give a reference when she asked us to move? What can i do if my landlord won't give a reference when she asked us to move?	Real Estate Questions	Rhode Island
Does life use of a condo include furniture/ personal property within the condo? Does life use of a condo include furniture/ personal property within the condo ?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How much jail time will a person get for criminal intent in GA if they have two charges? How much jail time will a person get for criminal intent in GA if they have two charges?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Is it possible to sign a child up for child care even if you don&#39;t know who the father is? Is it possible to sign a child up for child care even if you don't know who the father is?	Family Questions	Mississippi
How do I get my pay from work? How do I get my pay from work? I haven't been paid in two weeks.	Employment Questions	Missouri
Is it against the law to ride in the back of a pick-up truck in Illinois? Is it against the law to ride in the back of a pick-up truck in Illinois?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Question about private insurance and commercial vehicle car accident? A person crashed their commercial vehicle into our commercial vehicle. They have private insurance & assumed full responsibility. We got an estimate as they asked us to do. Their insurance sent a letter stating they agree w/ the estimate & issued HALF payment only stating they were withholding the other half until proof of work completed was provided. We were trying to sell the truck before this mess & finally received a good offer from an interested buyer. We did partial repairs & took some money off the final sale & sold the truck. We did not want to lose the buyer. When we contacted the insurance company asking full payment & explaining why repairs could not be completed. We were shocked when they made several excuses of why they're not paying.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Does my father&#39;s estate have to pay taxes on the sale of the house? Six months before my father died, his house was sold. The proceeds from the sale are now part of his estate to be divided amongst the four kids. Does his estate have to pay taxes on the sale of the house?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal to work 8 and a half hours with no breaks? I work at a convenient store and do not get a break at all. Normally work 8 and half hours. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Mississippi
What to do if I was fired because a female subordinate stated I touch her and I didn&#39;t? What to do if I was fired because a female subordinate stated I touch her and I didn't?	Employment Questions	Maryland
Do I have to repay if the landlord fails to move in 10 days later? In Florida the Deposit of $1100 is paid to hold apartment (monthly rent $1500) until move in date as the landlord. Do I have to repay if they fail to move in 10 days later?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Should single brother with no children have simple will? Does a person living in CA under their current estate laws need to have a simple will? See details.My brother, who is single with no children and no real estate, claims no since his situation is very simple. I am his only heir and live in OH. I say yes to make everything go more smoothly and expedite settling his estate when that time arrives. It may also be less costly.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
What year did law change in LA about sussion? What year did law change in LA about sussion?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can a four year lease be enforced in Florida? Can a four year lease be enforced in Florida?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What is a general order on child support? What is a general order on child support?	Family Questions	Missouri
How can I have a safe savings without it being garnished by creditors? How can I have a safe savings without it being garnished by creditors?  I am on disability and need to have a safe checking and savings account	Consumer Questions	Wyoming
Can I sue them for the value of the falsely advertised painting I bid on and they offered? I bought a painting on an online auction and it states it is courtesy of and names a museum. I win the auction and the painting isn't the real painting they represented and I won the bid on. Can I sue them for the value of the painting I bid on and they offered?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Am I violating the first sale doctrine if I start an online business selling international edition textbooks? I would like to start an online business selling international edition textbooks (softcover version of U.S. textbooks, manufactured overseas for use by students abroad) to students in the U.S. Am I violating the first sale doctrine or breaking any copyright related law? I also want to point out that I never directly purchase or keep stock of any of these books - I just get the order through my website, then forward the orders to my suppliers who then ship the item directly to my customers.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	New York
Can my employer fire me during my short term disability? I am on short term disability till June. can my employer fire me during this time period?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can a landlord raise the rent without giving reason? Can a landlord raise the rent without giving reason?  Especially since we have lived in the home for 7 months and he still refuses to fix the back door of the home and we have not been able to have it lock since we moved in?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
What to do if I had a check deposited and found out it was a scam and now the bank is after me? I had a check deposited to my bank account. Plus I deposited 600 dollars. The bank said the check went through and now they are saying that is was a scam and I owe the bank 1459 dollars and my bank account is also over drafted 600.53 dollars. I have a security feature on my debit card so that if there is no money in my account my card will be declined. The bank did not decline it so I used my 600 dollars. They said the check got declined 4 days after they said I could use the money now they want to charge me for it even though they are the ones who put the check through as legit. What should I do? Do you have any advice? They are threatening to have legal proceedings now?	Consumer Questions	Alabama
Are verbal agreements legally binding? Are verbal agreements legally binding?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Connecticut
Illegal to fire without paperwork? Is it illegal to fire someone without giving them paperwork saying they were fired?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal for minor to date adult with parent consent? If the parents are fine with their 16 year old female, soon to be 17 dating a 22 year old and the couple has not engaged in sexual activity, is it legal?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Are there any overtime labor laws in Georgia for commissioned employees? Are there any overtime labor laws in Georgia for commissioned employees?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is there a statute of limitation on fake ID? Is there a statute of limitation on fake ID?	Criminal Questions	New Jersey
Legal to be asking for another $35,000 when the settlement and mortgage was previously set? I was Buying house thru short sale. The seller's mortgage company agreed to an amount & settlement was set. I paid for inspections. Now 2 weeks before settlement mortgage company wants at least another 35,000 for the house. Is this even legal?!?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Discrimination if the owners won&#39;t release me cause I want to move in with my boyfriend? I signed a 12 month lease with my friends apartment. The lease was made by her parents. Well I want to break the lease and move out. They will not release me because I want to move in with my boyfriend. So they are telling me that I have to keep paying rent until the lease is up. The only reason they won't release me from it is because I want to move in with my boyfriend because I can no longer pay rent. Is this discrimination?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Is there a form I need to fill out to be able to cash the check if my late son got a check in the mail? My son just recently passed away and his girlfriend just got a check in the mail for him from the electricity company for a refund.  He didnt have a will or any power of attorney papers done as his death was not expected.  Is there a form I need to fill out to be able to cash the check?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Can a bank, which has foreclosed on a property, ask a former owner to relinquish his rights to personal property after the bank has given him a period of time to remove said property? Can a bank, which has foreclosed on a property, ask  or require a former owner to relinquish his rights to personal property after the bank(now owner) has given him a period of time (e.g. 24 hours) to remove said property?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can I get a court order to make my 17 yr. old daughter live at home until the age of 18 in Michigan? Can I get a court order to make my 17 yr. old daughter live at home until the age of 18 in Michigan?	Family Questions	Michigan
Questions regarding a divorce with a debt divided after filing bankruptcy? I got divorced last year. Debt was divided between us. Ex recently filed for Chap 13 bankruptcy. My name is also on a credit card account that was allocated to him in the settlement; that debt is dis-chargeable in Chap 13. I have been unable to locate a lawyer  willing to assist me/represent me in this matter. I need advice as to how I might be able to protect myself, how I should prepare for the hearing, what I'll be allowed to do/say at the hearing, etc? I'd like to find out if I can file an Objection to Discharge (on the grounds of fraud)...I'm willing to file it myself but need a lawyer's help in preparing it.  No one will help me, not even the fee-based referral service listed on my state's Supreme Court website. Where/how can I get help?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
What to do if my landlord after paying rent will not give me a receipt? My landlord, after paying rent, will not give me a receipt.  What should I do?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Does my employer have legal right to make us put our cell phones in a lock box until end of shift? I am a server and a single parent. Does my employer have legal right to make us put our cell phones in a lock box until end of shift?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I sue the state for wrongfully putting my kids in foster care? Can I sue the state for wrongfully putting my kids in foster care?	Family Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
What steps should I be taking to protect myself and my home after my wife left me? My wife of 23 years left me and took the kids, the dogs and moved to a rental property. I had just made many repairs to and I would like to know what steps I should be taking to protect myself and my home?	Family Questions	North Carolina
What is the fee to have a case appeal before court after a judgement has been made in small claims court? What is the fee to have a case appeal before court after a judgement has been made in small claims court?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Illegal for a company to charge a phone fee when paying a bill? Is it illegal for a company to charge a phone fee when paying a bill if you reside in Massachusetts?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Can I sue the parents of whom had this party if all the kids at the party were minors? My 17-year-old son was served alcohol at a party.  When he left the party, he wrecked my car into a telephone pole.  Can I sue the parents of whom had this party?  All the kids at the party were minors.  I live in PA.  Do I need an attorney?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I prove I&#39;ve been wrongly terminated in a right to work state? How can I prove I've been wrongly terminated in a right to work state? How can I prove I'm being retaliated against for turning in a manager?	Employment Questions	Virginia
What to do if someone gave me a bed and now want it back? Over 7 months ago someone gave me a bed. At the time I was understood that it was a gift and was mine. Nobody asked for money or a time if and when they wanted it back. Now she and the boyfriend that gave it to me split up and she is asking for it back. Said that she paid money for it and I could buy it. Or she's picking it up in a few weeks. Because at the time they just gave it to me and it's been more than 6 months would I have to?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Do I have a case against the doctor? My daughter drowned and the doctor sent her home a few hours later from the emergency room with a fever. Then 6 hours later I brought her back to the emergency room to find out she developed pneumonia and should not have left the hospital for 24 hours. Do I have a case to sue the doctor who sent her home?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What is the max. hours that can be worked in a week &amp; days that can be worked in a row without time off? What is the maximum hours that can be worked in a week and number of days that can be worked in a row without time off.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Conflict of interest if my United Teacher&#39;s Association rep is married to my principal? My United Teacher's Association (UTLA) Representative is married to my principal, isn't that a conflict of interest? What can be done about it?	Employment Questions	California
Is it right to have to pay difference in child support for increase? My child support was recalculated recently which went up to $202.00 from the previous $62.00. Now, I've been asked to pay the difference which has been added up to a few thousand, is that right?	Family Questions	California
Anything wrong if I filed a i360 and haven&#39;t received a response? Hi my name is Jay and I filed a i360 case. They send back for request for evidence and I mailed it back. They received the evidence on April 2, 2012 and still no response. Is anything wrong?	Immigration Questions	California
Where do I start about getting the law changed so that grandparents have rights to see their grandchildren? What can I do or where do I need to start about getting the law changed in South Carolina so that grandparents have rights to see their grandchildren?	Family Questions	South Carolina
True that I can be refused on a loan if I paid tax as income? Last year, I stopped payment on a 401 loan because I was cut in hours about 400.00 per mo (2011).  I received a 1099 and taxed on the 3,000.00. I did not pay back. I now need a loan on my 401 cause my car died. They are refusing  me cause I have an outstanding loan. Is this true even though I paid tax as income?	Employment Questions	Florida
Law about making people who work on tug boats and will not let them off cause of a hurricane? Is there any law about making people who work on tug boats and will not let them off cause of a hurricane?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
If you are wanted in Virginia and locked up in Chicago would Virginia come get you? If you are wanted in Virginia and locked up in Chicago would Virginia come get you?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Is my landlord&#39;s inheritance taxable and if so at what rate? I am receiving an inheritance of $50,000 from my landlord  which he has directed a partial to go towards my daughters education and the balance toward buying my first home. Is this inheritance taxable and if so at what rate? I live in Penna.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I get the money that I&#39;m entitled to the 2 weeks pay because I gave him notice and he ignored it? My employee's handbook states after 1 year of employment I am entitled to 1 week paid vacation.  While on vacation I got another job and I went back to work. I gave my 2-week notice which my boss told me was not necessary and that day would be my last.  So I am owed my vacation pay and the one day.  I did not get paid.  How do I get that money and am I entitled to the 2 weeks pay because I gave him notice and he chose to ignore it?	Employment Questions	Rhode Island
If hired to work 32 hours a week, can they tell you that they are changing your hours? If you were hired to work 32 hour a week, can the institution tell you that they are changing your hours to 40 without asking your input?	Employment Questions	New York
Am I required to pay for gas for using a Company Vehicle? Am I required to pay for gas for using a Company Vehicle?	Employment Questions	New York
Can you make payments each month that are smaller than the court ordered amount? Can you make payments each month that are smaller than the court ordered amount?	Personal Injury Questions	Connecticut
What to do if my wife became pregnant and her boss started to harass her and then fired her? When my wife became pregnant with our second child, her boss started to harass her and accused her of not being a good employee and threatened to fire her. When she returned to work, she as demoted from her position and removed from the school she was directing.	Employment Questions	California
How long does a misdemeanor warrant last? How long does a misdemeanor warrant last?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
If grandparents have been ruled out as temporary caregivers to their grand children can they still adopt them when the parents loose their rights? If grandparents have been ruled out as temporary caregivers to their grand children can they still adopt them when the parents loose their rights?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can storage unit owners auction off units that have had all the valuables removed without telling bidders  that they have done so? Can storage unit owners auction off units that have had all the valuables removed without telling bidders  that they have done so?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
What is the time limit for filing their will in Texas? What is the time limit for filing their will in Texas?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Who do I contact to begin the process of getting a law changed in Lilburn, GA? Who do I contact to begin the process of getting a law changed in Lilburn, GA?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
What do I do if I was fired from full-time employment without due process? What do I do if I was fired from full-time employment without due process?	Employment Questions	Florida
If a 14-year-old child lives with their stepfather, does the stepfather have any legal rights? If a 14-year-old child lives with their stepfather, does the stepfather have any legal rights? Could he get custody of child in the state of FL?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can a person blind in 1 eye and deaf in 1 ear drive legally in New York? Can a person blind in 1 eye and deaf in 1 ear drive legally in New York?	Family Questions	New York
If I have been paying child support for two years straight and the child has been in my home since 2005 when can I file taxes and will they take my full tax return? If I have been paying child support for two years straight and the child has been in my home since 2005 when can I file taxes and will they take my full tax return?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
What are my options for not knowing stolen car not fully insured? I have a car in my name that was stolen. I have the police report and the dealership is now asking for payments that I wasn't aware of because the car is not fully covered by insurance. I'm now being sent to court, what can I do?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can your employer make you leave early to avoid paying overtime? Can your employer make you leave early to avoid paying overtime or make you fill out miss punch?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Punishment if my daughter has been summoned to court for after her license was suspended? MY 23-yr-old daughter is being summoned to court for driving after her license was suspended.  What is the likely punishment?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
Are we entitled to have a certain amount of time before we can actually be evicted from my grandfather? I am 19 years old and my dad is 47. We have lived with his father in his South Carolina home for seven months with no rent & no lease. He invited us in because we were homeless. However, he is telling us he wants us out. What kind of rights do my dad and I have? Are we entitled to have a certain amount of time before we can actually be evicted?	Real Estate Questions	North Dakota
What are the laws for working in extreme heat? What are the laws for working in extreme heat?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Can I collect unemployment if I quit job for new offer that falls through? I was offered a job with another company so I turned in my 2 weeks notice with my current job. Well, two days before I was to start the new company called and took the offer back. Now I have been out of work for 4 months. Can I collect unemployment?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can employer tell me what size pocketbook to bring to work? My employer is now telling me that I can't bring my back pack to work anymore. I use this as my pocketbook and have been using this same or similar one for the past five years and they haven't given me a reason for why. Can they tell me what size pocketbook I can bring to work?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is there a law on seat belt tickets for commercial vehicles? Is there a law on seat belt tickets for commercial vehicles? For example, if you don't have to wear one over 5500 pounds Is that still a law?	Employment Questions	Georgia
As an hourly employee can you represent another company while on the clock? As an hourly employee can you represent another company while on the clock for your original company if there is no conflict of interest?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the penalty for not responding to a VA state subpoena to appear as a witness for the defense? What is the penalty for not responding to a VA state subpoena to appear as a witness for the defense?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
How much does it cost to legally change your last name in the state of Arizona? How much does it cost to legally change your last name in the state of Arizona?	Family Questions	Arizona
What to do when issues arise of trading cars and it&#39;s finance? I traded a 2005 For F-150 for a pre-owned 2011 Chevrolet Z71 on May 22, 2012. I also paid $1,500.00 down and I have the sale sheet with the signature of the dealer and the name of the financial company that was to finance the 2011 Chevy. Last week the bank in which I had the Ford financed called wanting a payment. I told them we traded it and gave them the name and phone number of the dealer. I later called to make sure they got it cleared up and they said the dealership told them they would receive the payment by June 14, 2012 . Today the dealership called and wants the truck back because they said they can't get the Chevy financed after we were told they already had it financed. What are my rights and is their anything I can do about this?	Consumer Questions	Tennessee
How do I find out about property in my name that I may or may not own? How do I find out about property in my name that I may or may not own? And how do I get to the property or get it out my name?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
I have detailed numbers of paychecks and would like to know child/spousal support for myself and father? I have detailed numbers of paychecks and would like to know child/spousal support for myself and father?	Family Questions	California
Can my employer legally force me to take vacation time to make us work overtime? My employer is making us work overtime on Saturdays. I asked for the time off for a doctors appointment. I was forced to use up a vacation day and take the Friday off too. can they legally force me to take vacation time like that?	Employment Questions	California
My roommate did not pay his part of the rent on November 1st, and he has not stayed here since November 2nd, on Friday Nov. 4th. While I was at work he came and took most of his things. Can I put his items he left in a storage tote and keep until he comes to get them? He told me on Nov. 7th, that his things needed to stay here a while longer. I have cleaned the room as my lease states that the place is to be kept in the same condition as when I moved in. The room was a mess, lots of trash and had a very bad odor. I am the only one on the lease.	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Tennessee
Are employers supposed to give full-time employees paid sick days? In Pennsylvania, are employers supposed to give full-time employees paid sick days?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If a person was hired based on recommendation and after 2 days of working, quits abruptly without proper notification (she went on break and never returned), are we supposed to pay her for the 2 days of training/ work? She never called as to the reason why she quit but sent a text afterwards.	Employment Questions	Texas
How to legally protect self from estranged spouse&#39;s debts without divorce? Can there be a marriage agreement that would protect me financially from my husband's debts?  I am separated now for the 3rd time and do not want a divorce. I understand that in Florida there is no possibility for a legal separation.  I merely wish to have a legal and binding contract to protect me.	Contract Questions,Finance Questions,Legal Questions	Florida
Can you sue a car dealership for not doing a safety inspection even after you sign the contract? Can you sue a car dealership for not doing a safety inspection even after you sign the contract?	Finance Questions,Leasing Questions	Hawaii
Is my loan situation legal as nothing changed about my credit from the time they initially approved me? I applied for an FHA housing loan. The bank gave me a pre-approval for $205,000.00 & the lender had me sign a loan agreement and give them appraisal fee. Also the real-estate agent had gave me an earnest money hire a home inspection & sign the title for the property and advise me to draw my entire savings from my 401k. It transferred to my bank account to pay closing and 2 weeks before closing the bank comes back and tell me they're denying me the loan due to my credit. Is this legal as nothing changed about my credit from the time they initially approved me? The letter states that if I fail to provide sufficient verification regarding income etc., the approval can be void but the bank said it's because of credit. Do I have a case?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
I am a member of an amatuer adult string orchestra.  We play only for our own enjoyment.  We buy music sets for string orchestras that include individual parts for each section plus a total score.   We make extra copies for each member in a section. Is that legal?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Oklahoma
Can I fight the ticket on the basis that there should have been signs posted like the handicap zones had across the street? I parked, at night, in the no parking crosshatch next to handicap parking spot. There were painted signs on the pavement but no posted handicap sign. There was a car parked in the handicap zone covering the sign painted on the pavement & another car pulling out of the crosshatch area where I pulled in afterwards. I did not see the painted crosshatch lines as I pulled in right after the other car pulled out. The other side of the street had posted handicap signs along with the painted signs on the pavement. Can I fight the ticket on the basis that there should have been signs posted like the handicap zones had across the street?	Criminal Questions	California
Can they revoke my bond if I write someone in jail that is on my case? Can they revoke my bond if I write someone in jail that is on my case?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
If a person gave temporary guardianship of her son to a friend and then she makes it permanent without telling the mother, is there anything the mother can do? A person gave temporary guardianship of her son to a friend and then that friend went behind that person's back and got permanent guardianship without the mother even knowing.  What must that mother need to do in order to get guardianship of her son back?	Family Questions	Michigan
Legal if I can opt out of my lease when finding out the hallways were very nasty? I sign my lease yesterday at crossroads at Duluth apartments in Atlanta and noticed that the apartments out side the hallways were very nasty and decided I wanted out and was advised that I can't get out of the lease. Is that legal?	Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
If you are paid per hour worked, is it law that you be paid weekly? If you are employed in New York State and are paid per hour worked, is it law that you be paid weekly?	Employment Questions	New York
Can your landlord kick you out in 24 hours? Can your landlord kick you out in 24 hours? I live in PA.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal for an employer to require employees to come to unpaid meetings? Is it legal for an employer to require employees to come to unpaid meetings?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can anything happen to me if I filed a fraud bank claim and would like the money out of my account? I filed a fraud bank claim with Bank of America for lost debit card for $922.00 but I would like to call the bank and have them take the money from account. Can anything happen to me?	Consumer Questions	Oregon
What are CO laws and penalties re cease-and-desist orders? What are CO laws and penalties re cease-and-desist orders?	Criminal Questions	California
Is there a requirement to submit invoices for repairs with the final statement? My son rented an apartment in Normal, Illinois. There was no security deposit required in the lease, but upon move out there are cleaning, painting, and repair charges that are required to be paid within 30 days of the statement. There is no premise check or bills for the alleged damages attached to the statement. Is there a requirement on Normal to submit invoices for repairs with the final statement? Please note that there was no security deposit. Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Does my ex have a chance of demanding near full custody? I live in San Diego California.  My  Ex wife and have had some sort of a 50/50 co-parenting plan for the last 8 years.  Nothing has really changed and the children are thriving.  She is not demanding near 100% full custody.  Does she have a chance of getting this?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
When are employees eligible for comp time? When are employees eligible for comp time?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Is there anything I can do to insure a person&#39;s medical condition is not left untreated? My wife was incarcerated at Martin County jail in Fl.  Yesterday she went to medical office with a swollen ankle &  they took an X-ray and told her it was broken clean through.  She was told that they would have to transfer her to a medical facility to re-break and reset the ankle.  During the night she was transferred to Orange County, Fl  jail to face new charges.  She received no medical care for the ankle before transport.  I don't know how the system works but I just want her to be treated like a human being.  Is there anything I can do to insure her medical condition is not left untreated? Thank you for  any help in this matter.Thomas Maes	Criminal Questions	Florida
What rights do I have if my husband has filed for separation? what rights do I have if my husband has filed for separation?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can felon adopt stepson by marriage? I want to adopt my stepson. I have been raising for 3 years in march. His mother and I have been married for 3 weeks. I am a felon. I was charged with felon theft 4 years ago. Will that make it so I can not adopt him?	Family Questions	Utah
If I&#39;m walking to a car intoxicated to get a ride home is that public intoxication? If I'm walking to a car intoxicated to get a ride home is that public intoxication?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Can I remove ex-husband&#39;s attorney because I consulted him a year earlier? I had a consultation with an attorney at the beginning of my filing for a divorce in Nov or Dec. 2010. This attorney is now representing my ex-husband at our last court hearing on Nov 17th 2011 which is when I seen my ex-husband's attorney for the first time. Can I have him removed?	Family Questions	California
What legal action can my son take if he was denied an increase in employment? My son works for an audio production company as an audio technician for almost 2 years. He is being paid $5.00 an hour.  He has been denied an increase.  What legal action can he take?Thanks	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Can I leave state to move in with relatives after I just got divorced and custody of kids? I just got divorced and custody of kids. Can I leave state to move in with relative?	Family Questions	Illinois
In Illinois, what constitutes residential custody? My ex gave one of our children back to me 4 years ago. In Illinois, what constitutes residential custody?	Family Questions	Illinois
If someone sues for breach of contact, what argument could be raised in defense against the renewal clause? If someone does not pay and sues her for breach of contact, what legal argument could be raised in defense against the enforcement of the automatic renewal clause? Explain.	Real Estate Questions	Washington
How do I evict my 40-year-old son from my house? How do I evict my 40-year-old son from my house?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can bill correctors attach your social security if you can&#39;t pay your credit card? Can bill correctors attach your social security if you can't pay your credit card?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Where do I file for small claims court if I live in FL and the headquarters is in NJ? Hello. I bought and paid for a product I never received via on line.I notified the company on line but nothing has been done. I tried calling them by phone and get no response.It is going on five months I live in Florida and their company headquarters is in New jersey. Where do I file for small claims court?	Consumer Questions	California
How to prevent child&#39;s father from having custody rights? What can I do to prevent the father of my child from having custody rights?	Family Questions	Ohio
Does my 17 year old require a paid 15 minute break if he works 6.5 hours? My 17 year old works 6.5 hours for Wendy's. Is she entitled to a paid 15 minute break?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Can landlord run business from property I rent? My landlord is running a business from the property that I am renting from him. Is that legal?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How can I get sole custody of my son? How can I get sole custody of my son?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
How long does a tenant have to move when landowner sells the house? Massachusetts tenant. How long does a tenant have to move when landowner sells the house? How much of a notice?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
My ex-wife and I are divorced. Are we evenly contributing for joint custody? Getting divorced.  My ex-wife and I have agreed to joint custody.  We live near each other and I pick up my child just about each day from school and bring her to my residence until my ex-wife gets home from work.  My child spends every Wednesday and every other weekend at my house.  Currently my ex and I both individually pull in about $80-90,000 in salary.  What is a fair child support payment as I currently deposit $800 a month into an account for my daughter and pay out of my own pocket a monthly school fee of about $200?  I have no problems doing whatever I can for my child, I want to make sure since we're both employed and able that monetary arrangements are fair.  Is this fair for me or should she be contributing something?	Family Questions	New York
Former manager rehired me, then he left company. I contacted him. He stated he would hire me at his new company as long as I get &quot;terminated&quot; because of his non solicitation agreement. After I was fired, he said he cannot hire me, although he rehired others from previous company. Do I have a case?	Employment Questions	South Carolina
What are my rights and if I can hold payment to my landlord until the problems are fixed? I have a mouse problem and my landlord isn't doing anything about it. Also have other things wrong that still are not fixed. I have an 11-year-old and refuse to live like this. What are my rights and if I can hold payment to her until the problems are fixed?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
True if I&#39;m put on a probation stating if she fired me then I would not be able to collect unemployment? I have worked for the same small business owner for just one month short of a year. She has been inconsistant with my pay and has not payed my child support. Though I have a wage attachment and when this was brought to her attention she put me on a 30 probationary period stating if she fired me during this I would not be able to collect unemployment. Is that true?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Does the state of Georgia have labor laws for meal and breaks during a work shift? Does the state of Georgia have labor laws for meal and breaks during a work shift? If so what are they?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is a spouse liable for husband&#39;s medical bills and/or long term care? In CT, is a spouse liable for husband's medical bills and/or long term care?  I have a separate account with funds I accrued before marriage.	Family Questions	California
What does substitute brief mean in a criminal case? What does substitute brief mean in a criminal case?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
What do I need to do to get a new meter installed when the owner can&#39;t be found? I am leasing a barbershop.  The owner has a writ of seizure for an electric meter.  I want to get a new meter installed.  The owner can't be found.  What do I need to do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
What action to take when doctor not complying with written request for information? My doctor will not release information regarding what type of infection that he ignored for10 months which caused me to have most of my femur cut off after 2 total knee replacements. Please help.	Medical Devices Questions	Florida
How to include rule forbidding bartenders from joining organization in by-laws? I am a Trustee with a private fraternal organization. We don't like for our bartenders to join our Fraternal Organization. We want to include in our By-Laws the following: bartenders shall not be a member or join our organization while employed as bartenders. Is this possible?	Employment Questions	Missouri
What is the state of Missouri forgery charges? What is the state of Missouri forgery charges?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
Can I take grandchild&#39;s father to court if mother underage? I have a child that is 16. She is pregnant.  Can I take the baby's father to court for visitation and child support since she is a minor?	Family Questions	Indiana
Can I sue Modesto Housing Authority for breach of contract &amp; no wheel chair access for the disabled? Can I sue Modesto Housing Authority for breach of contract? And not having wheel chair access available for the disabled?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can you sue a nail technician for putting acrylic nails on a 15-year-old girl without her mother&#39;s permission? Can you sue a nail technician for putting acrylic nails on a 15-year-old girl without her mother's permission? And she is also diabetic.	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Can I re-litigate federal case transferred to state court? Can you re-litigate a federal case that has been transferred to state court on previous decisions handed down by the 6th circuit court? Can you also use the decisions of why you were not given immunity that would know apply in state court because it was left out of the defense in the federal case?	Government Questions	Ohio
If an officer asked me if they can talk to my daughter &amp; I tell them no are they still allowed to question her? If a police officer asked me if they can talk to my 13 yr old daughter and i tell them no are they still allowed to question her? I live in Ohio.	Criminal Questions	Ohio
What NY or federal statute covers getting copy of any document you sign? What NY or Fed statue covers getting a copy of any document you sign?	Administrative Law Questions	New York
What happens if party in small claims trial fails to file Affidavit of Competency? What are the consequences of a party in a small claims action failing to file aAffidavitof Competency Non-Military Service & AMT Due. The trial is set for today and party has not filed. Will a judge overlook the parties failure to file and continue with the hearing or be bound to dismiss the case?	Administrative Law Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Idaho
What does law imply regard having a radar detector? What does law 46.2-1079 implies regarding have a radar detector?	Criminal Questions	West Virginia
Is agreement sent via email legally binding? Is an agreement sent via email legally binding?	Contract Questions	Florida
If an employer willingly lets his employee&#39;s work in a black mold infested area is he held responsible? If an employer willingly lets his employee's work in a black mold infested area is he held responsible?	Employment Questions	Texas
If I turn in a repo-ed vehicle from NM will the felony charges be dropped? If I turn in a repo-ed vehicle from NM will the felony charges be dropped?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
How am I able to get my truck back when I left it at my relatives&#39; house and they are now evicted? My broken truck was parked at a relatives. They were evicted. I was unable to move my truck due to items blocking the driveway. The landlord towed the truck. how am I able to get my truck back?	Real Estate Questions	California
Lawsuit if I received two checks from my tax and the checks were three dollars each? I received two checks from my tax and the checks were three dollars each. Is this a Law suit?	Tax Questions	California
If my lawyer is not there can I have it some other time? If my lawyer is not there can I have it some other time?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If you are walking to work in pa and you fall in the parking lot who has to file a compensation claim? If you are walking to work in pa and you fall in the parking lot who has to file a compensation claim? The owner of the property or the employer?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Underage daughter pregnant by adult. My daughter was fifteen and got pregnant by a 21 year old. They are going to get married and his parents and for me and my daughters father we all agree to this and do not want him to get in trouble. We live in Michigan. What do we do so he doesn't get in trouble?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions	Michigan
Can an employer hold your paycheck due to they do not have the money to pay you? Can an employer hold your paycheck due to they do not have the money to pay you? I live in Stuart, Florida. The company is holding everybody's pay because they have paid other bills and not the employee's.	Employment Questions	Florida
If I had an attorney file chapter 7 and I think it was a mistake, how can I get the filing dismissed? If I had an attorney file chapter 7 and I think it was a mistake, how can I get the filing dismissed?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What to do if I want to get a divorce but can&#39;t afford it? What to do if I want to get a divorce but can't afford it?	Family Questions	Virginia
What can I get for Receiving Stolen Property in PA? What can I get for Receiving Stolen Property in PA? My boyfriend at the time told me that his grandmother gave him the checks and now they are charging me with that! I don't know what to do!	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
If I do a short sale on my house can the bank take my 401k? If I do a short sale on my house can the bank take my 401k?	Real Estate Questions	California
If I was wrongfully terminated as a CNA can i get free legal aid? If I was wrongfully terminated as a CNA can i get free legal aid?	Employment Questions	Virginia
What is a reasonable and customary amount of maintenance and duration in a Colorado divorce case? Family Law in ColoradoWhat is a reasonable and customary amount of maintenance and duration in a Colorado divorce case? My wife recently declared she is gay and we have filed for a non contested divorce. We are still amiable and I wish to be fair but not obligated forever. She is a currently licensed nurse but has not worked for 20 years. I made $200,000 last year.  She will receive about $500,000 in liquid assets as part of the settlement. We are using mediation but I have no sense of what the courts would see as a fair maintenance amount. The mediator cannot advise. There are no under age children. I just need a ball park of what is typical.	Family Questions	Colorado
What rights do non-union workers have in an 8-hour work day? What rights do non-union workers have in an 8-hour work day?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Employee right Hello! I work as programmer analyst at the hospital in NY. We recently upgraded our system and I had to work a lot of hours including Sat and Sun. I was compensated for these days by having 2 days off, one day before upgrade and one day after. We are going to upgrade again but this time I am working my last week since I already gave my 4 weeks notice. My manager assigned me to work Sat and Sun and then Mon through Thur (which is my last day) that makes it 11 days working with no time off. When I mentioned that last time I was given 2 days for the 2 days working weekend, my manager said you are not getting any because you are leaving. I would like to know what my rights are and what the rules are for how many days she can force me to work?	Corporate Questions	New York
Our contract has some references to the location of where our contract was agreed to - do we put Delaware or Los Angeles? We are a Delaware LLC but operate in Los Angeles.Our contract has some references to the location of where our contract was agreed to - do we put Delaware or Los Angeles?Example:"Regardless of the place of signing this Contract, Client agrees that for purposes of venue, this Contract was entered into in Los Angeles County, California, and any dispute will be litigated in Los Angeles County, California"	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is it illegal for full time employees who are not in a management position to receive a salary pay? Is it illegal for full time employees who are not in a management position to receive a salary pay?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can a minor child have a legal name change without being legally adopted? According to Tennessee State law, can a minor child under the age of 18 years have a legal name change without being legally adopted?	Family Questions	New York
I am renting an apartment in TX, &amp; my brother in law needs place to rent, but his credit is not good. Can I sign lease for him while I have active lease? Can I lease at two place same time?	Leasing Questions	Texas
Can a Landlord evict you if you are hospitalized and have no way to pay rent because of this? Ok I have 2 question: Can a Landlord evict you if you are hospitalized and have no way to pay rent because of this? Also, my landlord has several (being polite) violations in the building including missing railways for the stairs, no smoke alarms, I have no screens in my windows AT ALL - so there are flies everywhere, the roof has been leaking into my kitchen for months (he tarped the slate roof), my kitchen ceiling is a mess, all of my kitchen appliances shorted out because of the water which accumulated to 4 inches in the 3 days it rained, the water is brown & smells horrible, only half of my outlets work, and the list goes on. What is my best option here? I'm being told to call the Board of Health. What should I do? (from Massachusetts)	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
I would like to know what my rights are in a traffic stop? I would like to know what my rights are in a traffic stop? Does my passengers have to show id? Do I have to exit my car? Do i have to let them search my car?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
Can boss legally dock personal time for getting allergy shot? My boss wants to dock my personal time when I get my allergy shot. Is this legal?	Administrative Law Questions	Massachusetts
In Georgia, can I get a subpoena without a lawyer? In Georgia, can I get a subpoena without a lawyer?	Family Questions	Georgia
Is it against employment law to keep employees from having lunch breaks when working eight hour days? Is it against employment law to keep employees from having lunch breaks when working eight hour days?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Is it legal to make moonshine for personal consumption? Is it legal to make moonshine for personal consumption?	Consumer Questions	West Virginia
If I have back and neck pain and see a chiropractor, will it be covered under FLMA laws? If I have back and neck pain and see a chiropractor, will it be covered under FLMA laws?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can a person collect child support in one state, then move to live without notifying them and still collect? Can a person collect child support in one state, then move to another state to live without notifying them and still collect? Is there a penalty for that?	Family Questions	Florida
Can my husband go back now and try to get support? My husband and his ex-wife got divorced in 2006. They had one child together and he got the child. At the time his ex-wife was not working and had no way of paying child support so he didn't push for it in the divorce. The child goes to his mothers every other weekend and has regular contact. Now she is working we have asked if she could help out with some school clothes and she won't. Can my husband go back now and try to get support? We are not asking for much. We just want her to help some.	Family Questions	Georgia
Possible to sue for the cost of the motor back to have someone build me a motor that runs? I spent 5600 dollars buying a new motor for my car from a professional shop. I had it shipped from that shop to a professional shop in VA. When the motor arrived at the shop it did not run at all. The man who built the motor messed up on it they fixed the problem with that the car runs now but sounds like its about to die any moment in fact it has stalled twice. I simply want what I paid for. So I want to sue him for the cost of the motor back to have some one build me a motor that runs?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
If a husband bought a property without a wife&#39;s knowledge does she has a right to claim? If a husband bought a property without a wife's knowledge does she has a right to claim?	Family Questions	Georgia
Question about employment during medical leave? I worked at Advocate Health care for 9 years. I had surgery in August of 2011 and went back to work the week of Thanksgiving.I had a 2nd surgery Jan 11 2012, and started my medical leave 1-9-12.When I was released by my doctor to go back to work on March 12, 2012, I call Advocate H.R. and was informed my boss did not want me to come back.If this a legal?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How much child support do I have to pay my husband to his ex? How much child support do I have to pay my husband to his ex? He is retired and has only 1120 usd SS? He has 2 kids ages 15 and 19. They are living in Chicago, we are currently living in Florida.	Family Questions	Florida
Will I be entitled to unemployment compensation when it closes? I presently work a full time and a part-time job.  My full time job gives me 40 hours a week and my part-time job gives me anywhere from 15 to 30 hours a week depending on the season.  I work for a call center for JCP in Pittsburgh part-time and a school district full time.  I have worked the part-time job for five years.  As of June 29th the call center is closing so my job will be eliminated.  My question is will I be entitled to unemployment compensation when it closes?  If you need anymore information please let me know.  Thank you.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
is my husband able to get 50/50 joint custody? is my husband able to get 50/50 joint custody? We live in so-cal and his son lives in nor-cal. His son is four years old. My husband has seen him a few times. He's a marine and we will be moving to nor-cal soon he wants a relationship with him and now that we will be close enough. He wants to pursue 50/50 joint custody. The mother says that he never tried to see him. Paternity was declared a year ago and my husband doesn't have leave days to visit we live on base and visiting at the moment wasn't an option. Will he be able to get 50/50 joint custody?	Family Questions	California
Can they give you a ticket in a construction zone if the lights are flashing and there are no workers present? Can they give you a speeding ticket in a construction zone if the lights are flashing and there are no workers present except the cop? I was doing 64 in a 45 work zone normal posted speed is 65. It was in Fort Wayne, Indiana	Criminal Questions	Indiana
What can I do if a company is suing me for transferring across the world and rejecting them later? I am here on h1b and was suppose to join a company who transferred my visa papers and signed their  offer letter. I later decided not to join that company and joined somehow else so now they are sending me a threatening email saying that I pay them for the cost of transfer which is six thousand dollars or they would file a case against me in Virginia. I had not signed and liquidity damages that could occur to them all I signed was a offer at will. Please help.	Employment Questions	Virginia
What percentage of my spouse&#39;s 401k am I allowed access to acquire the funds from it? I'm in the beginning of my divorce case and I understand that I have the right to access my spouse's 401k. What percentage of my spouse's 401k am I allowed access to acquire the funds from it?	Family Questions	Florida
What are hiring requirements for towns receiving Federal grant money? What are hiring requirements for towns receiving Federal grant money?	Employment Questions	New York
If The house i am renting is being foreclosed on, am I entitled to compensation for being forced to move? If The house i am renting in CA is being foreclosed on, am I entitled to compensation for being forced to move?	Real Estate Questions	California
Does a divorce lawyer need to present in court to win if there is a contested divorce? Does a divorce lawyer need to present in court to win if there is a contested divorce?	Family Questions	Rhode Island
How long can you be suspended from your employee? How long can you be suspended from your employee?	Employment Questions	Nevada
How can my kids become legal citizens if they came to the US when they were 2? My kids came to the USA when they where 2 years old now they're 13 illegal. How they can became legals in here?	Immigration Questions	Florida
After we lost our parental rights can they come after me after garnishing my husband&#39;s child support? My husband and I have been married for 30 years and we lost parental rights to our son about 10 yrs ago. My husband had his wages garnished for child support and after his case closed they came after me for the same amount. can they do that or is it double dipping? We are both the natural parents and are legally married.	Family Questions	California
Obtain forms for temporary guardianship of my granddaughter? I need to obtain forms for temporary guardianship of my granddaughter. My Daughter leaves for the military in the morning.	Family Questions	New York
Can I ask for a continuance on a custody case? Can I ask for a continuance on a custody case?	Family Questions	California
Sue my school for suspension cause I defended myself from a security officer threatened to lock me up? Can I sue my school for suspending me for a whole semester because I defended myself from a security officer threatened to lock me up? Because now I may have to pay my financial aid back and I was the victim.	Employment Questions	Illinois
How can I withdraw my incident case that I filled up on 10/30/2011 regarding a kidnapping case?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can husband have third party cash checks if wife has dual power of attorney? If a wife has dual power of attorney and the doctor said the husband is not capable of his financial business, can the husband write and check and give it to someone and would they be able to cash it?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
It is trespassing when tenant withdraws money? If your tenant moves in with a signed lease but withdraws his money after he moves in is it trespassing, if they refuse to pay?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How do I start the process for custody being that I&#39;m in a different state? I'm in Portland, Oregon and i have children in California. How do I start the process for custody being that I'm in a different state?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
What to do if it&#39;s been 3 years since we made a mortgage payment and still no answer? It's been over 3 years since we made a mortgage payment and put in for a modified and still no answer.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What can be done when a court date was scheduled after being told that paying a bond would resolve the issue? I am writing to get information for a family member currently incarcerated.  He was incarcerated when the court scheduled a court date for a warrant that was from 2000 and they issued another warrant for failure to appear. We were unaware that paying the $1000 bond would schedule a court date. The courts said all he had to do was pay all fines in which I did.  What can he do?	Criminal Questions	District of Columbia
Is it mandatory to take a lunch break or does it just have to be offered? In PA, is it mandatory to take a lunch break or does it just have to be offered?	Employment Questions	New York
How to sue a phone company who spied on your phone calls? How to sue a phone company who spied on your phone calls?	Consumer Questions	New York
s there a statute of limitations on the time to claim my portion? I was divorced in 1995. I was granted bifurcation in regards to his retirement account. Is there a statute of limitations on the time to claim my portion?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How to file check fraud charges against a customer that wrote a bad check for repairs to their vehicle? How to file check fraud charges against a customer that wrote a bad check for repairs to their vehicle?	Criminal Questions	New Mexico
Can the collection agency garnish my wage or get my savings? I have  a 2nd mortgage in property now foreclosed in Las Vegas. The 2nd lender sent me to the collection agency. Can the collection agency garnish my wage or get my savings, stock 401k or it's better to set up a trust or LLC ? Do I need to file bankruptcy ? Can the 2nd mortgage or collection agency go after me when they have lien on the property therefore go after the said property? Thanks.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can I move 75 miles away without getting in trouble if I have full custody? I live in WI and I have full custody of the children. Can i move 75 miles away without getting in trouble?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Can I sue the car dealer to get my money back if he did not fix my car in time and is avoiding me? Hello, I had a verbal agreement with a used car dealer that I would put the full down payment if he fixes everything that was wrong with the car. He agreed and said the car would be ready in two days. He has not kept his end of the agreement, and now he will not answer any of my calls or give me my car that I have already placed a down payment on. Can I sue him to get my money back?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
Can Safeway fire me when I&#39;m on work probation even though i had doctors notes? Can Safeway fire me when I'm on work probation even though i had doctors notes?	Employment Questions	California
What happens next if my ex-husband does not supply w2&#39;s for child support calculation? My ex-husband does not supply w2's for child support calculation. What happens next?	Family Questions	Illinois
If I bought a new car on 5/28/2012 can I cancel the contract? If I bought a new car on 5/28/2012 can i cancel the contract?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
We rent a house that has a gas leak and mold.  How do we end lease? We have been renting a house since November 2011.  The gas stove has leaked gas the entire time.  Our landlord has attempted to repair it once but it is still an overpowering smell filling the kitchen.  Our Master bedroom has never heated properly.  We have had to use electric heaters to maintain a decent temp along with running the heat in the house.  She said she would put insulation under the house to keep the cold out but wouldn't be able to afford to insulate it all.  She said it would cost 500 to do the whole thing.  That was over a month ago and she never insulated.  Also we have recently discovered mold in the house.  We want out of our lease.  What are our options?  Thanks.	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
My marching band purchases sheet music arrangments.  We are permitted to hand out copies in person to band members. But, can we post the sheet music on our private website so members can print out their own copy?  Note: ONLY band members  with passwords have access to this area.	Copyright Questions	Oregon
Can a tenant be asked to vacate the premises because of noise disturbance? Can a tenant be asked to vacate the premises by "Notice to Quit", because of noise disturbance caused by a roommate and other tenants? The property association has no proof of who was causing the noise. Only a complaint by phone from another tenant.Last night our roommate & the neighbors were drinking and being noisy til after 12a.m. This morning a "Notice to Quit" was taped to our front door. There was no reason of why, included the letter.  We called and the person on the other end stated it was because of noise last night. But my boyfriend & I had no part in the event. Is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is my realtor not legally obligated to get me the counter offer? I offered on a house.  The seller contact my realtor and told him that we were in a multi-bid situation.  The seller said that she was going to counter offer to me first, and told my realtor that it she (the seller) would be emailing the offer soon.  My realtor did not get me the counter offer before the expiration time (unknown reason why), and the house went to the the other purchaser.  Legally is there anything I can do in this situation?  Is my realtor not legally obligated to get me the counter offer?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Can my ex-wife withhold things like photos and the right to call my kids? Can my ex-wife withhold things like photos and the right to call my kids, only letting me if I jump through her hoops just because I can't afford an attorney and live 2500 miles away?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I take my ex back to court and ask the judge to lower that amount? I was to give my ex 34 thousand dollar or put the house on the market. Doing the divorce the house drop in value she did not want to come off what we agree on after the house value dropped so I put the house up for sell. It has not sold. My question is can i take her back to court and ask the judge to lower that amount?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can one parent move across state lines with the children without the other parents permission? Can one parent move across state lines with the children without the other parents permission?	Family Questions	Indiana
What can I do about my neighbor harassing my family and I? What can I do about my neighbor harassing my family and I? We live right across the street and every time we turn around he is complaining about something. He's writing fraudulent letters to the city about what he thinks we are doing. There has also been several times that I have caught him peeking over our fence. He won't leave us alone. He also says he is going to buy the house next to ours just so that we can't have it (we don't want it) and that he can keep an eye on what we are doing.	Criminal Questions	California
How can I get full custody of our child? I need help with my divorce. I want full custody of our 1 yr old. My husband is physically and emotionally abusive. He has threatened my life on numerous occasions. He is a severe alcoholic and possible drug user. I am the only one working and wonder what my outcome would be of getting full custody, restraining order, and if any assistance would be available to me?	Family Questions	Georgia
What do I do if my ex employer refuses to pay me for the last two weeks I worked for him? My ex employer refuses to pay me for the last two weeks I worked for him. What do I do?	Employment Questions	Florida
Do I need to get a lawyer if my husband filed a divorce in NC while I live in CA? My husband lives in NC and I live in CA. He filed for divorce there.  I rec'd the papers from his Lawyer. Now what do I do?  Do I need to get a lawyer here to look at them? He does not want anything.  He is filing for an absolution of marriage.	Family Questions	California
How many years do I have to sue a doctor for malpractice? How many years do I have to sue a doctor for malpractice? I had breast reduction and now my breasts are uneven and different sizes with huge scars.	Personal Injury Questions	Alabama
Is it legal to have 3 children share a bedroom? Is it legal to have 3 children (2 girls and 1 boy) share a bedroom?	Family Questions	Virginia
If i had a couple felonies as a juvenile can i get a medical license for dentistry in PA? If i had a couple felonies as a juvenile can i get a medical license for dentistry in PA?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if the city said they will stop maintaining my street cause it&#39;s not a city street? The dirt road to my house is a ROW that has been maintained by the town for 40 yrs. plus.  Was told by the city engineer recently that they will no longer maintain it as it is not a city street.  They said maintaining it was a mistake as they didn't know it was not a city street.  This is not true as I have documents from the city going back 35 yrs stating it is not a city street but they continued to maintain it.  How do I handle this?  Learned today that road actually belongs to adjoining property but they don't use it, therefore no incentive to maintain.	Immigration Questions	Florida
How do I get my personal belonging back from a roommate? How do I get my personal belonging back from a roommate? I took a contract job out of town. One week into my new job, my roommate told me to move out. She went as far a changing the locks. Now I am trying to return to move out my remaining belongings but she is now out of town for the next 3 months. What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	Tennessee
What does it mean if I got a credit report and it says I have unlawful detainer with a warrant issued? I got my credit report cause I tried to get into a house and it said I have a unlawful detainer and with a warrant issued. What does this mean?	Real Estate Questions	California
If you gave up a child in a closed private adoption 30 years ago and the person is contacting you through emails and social media in sort of a threatening way, what rights do I have? If you gave up a child in a closed private adoption 30 years ago and the person is contacting you through emails and social media in sort of a threatening way, what rights do I have?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can i be denied visitation in my house because of baseboard heaters? Can i be denied visitation in my house because of baseboard heaters?	Family Questions	Virginia
Possible to move out if I&#39;m 16 and live in NY? I am 16 and live in New York. I would like to move out and I feel like I should be able to.	Family Questions	New York
What is the right lawyer in handling a poorly run business? What is the right lawyer in handling the failure of a California based self storage business to update their contact information of a renter, bill a valid payment credit card, communicate with the renter at the updated address and phone number, and subsequent auction of said storage unit contents?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Is there anything I can do legally to get back my money for tow fees? Hello. I am a long distance truck driver that has  been away from home for over a month and a half. I arrive to find my car towed from my apartment for expired tag.  21 days after it expired. No one tried to contact me or anything and I wasn't home to see the 48 hour notice left on car. Is there anything I can do legally to get back my money for tow fees? In the lease agreement it says to keep up 2 date tag but as I said it expired while I was away	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Can an employee file a complaint about her boss for harassment, unfair treatment and discrimination? Can an employee file a complaint about her boss for harassment, unfair treatment and discrimination?	Employment Questions	California
Possible to obtain a limited guardianship without being responsible for their debt? Is it possible to obtain a limited guardianship in the state of GA without being responsible for their debt they have acquired over the years? Can I also file it myself?	Family Questions	Georgia
How do you dispute a wage garnishment? How do you dispute a wage garnishment? It offered a monthly payment on a judgment of $500 per month on $3250. offer was refused and wants a wage garnishment.  I found out that I will be granted a bonus by the end of August , no exact date has been determined , but that will pay off this debt. Any suggestions?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Can we be refunded if the plan never had any coverage during any time in a mobile home? We paid for homeowners insurance through a agent for over 5 years then was dropped. The plan didn't state that we lived in a mobile home therefore never had any coverage during any of this time. Can we be refunded?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Minimum amount of vacation weeks who&#39;s been working for their employer for 5 years? What is the minimum amount of vacation weeks for a full time employee who's been working for their employer for 5 yrs?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can you sue someone posting videos without a consent form? Can you sue someone posting videos without a consent form?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What can we do if one sibling won&#39;t sign papers to sell parents&#39; house? What can we do if one sibling won't sign papers to sell parents house?  It's been five years waiting. She gave two of us a letter of proposal saying she would sign after receiving $44,000  House is going roughly for $129,000to be split 5 ways.  Please help as my poor brother took Dad in no questions asked and says he's thinking of giving her the money just to get it behind him.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Legal if I have worked as a temp for 6 years? Legal if I have worked as a temp for 6 years?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Do I have any rights if my car was wrongfully towed? My car was towed by a property manager near my condo. They said it was abandoned but it has a legal tag and insurance. There were no signs that said no parking and they're only attempt to contact me was through a post-it note. Do I have any rights?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Rights do I have if my husband wants a divorce cause of my bipolar disorder? My husband of 13 years has recently filed for divorce against my will.  I have no income, and no place to live.  I know he may have many reasons for his plans but he has told me that he cannot live with my bipolar disorder any longer.  What rights do I have?  We did purchase a home together while we were married, but it's in his name.  I am lost?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
If I have a tax bill that I am paying off and I get married, is my spouse responsible? If i have a tax bill that i am paying off and i get married, is my spouse responsible for this also?  Will she lose any refunds that she may get or is there a way to file so that she at least still gets hers?	Family Questions	California
Can you set a policy that reduces an employee&#39;s income if he fails to meet a specific goal? Can you set a policy that reduces an employee's income if he fails to meet a specific goal?	Employment Questions	California
Can I taker my sister to small claims court for not paying her car? I co-signed for my sister a car. She is behind 1919 her hours and were cut at work but she was making arrangements to pay but didn't. Now she made another arrangement and pay. The car loan people said if she pay on time it won't affect me. But can I take her to small claims court?	Consumer Questions	Tennessee
What is the penalty for walking out on a deposition unexcused when you are being deposed? What is the penalty for walking out on a deposition unexcused when you are being deposed?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What&#39;s our next step if the taxes which make the mortgage are much higher than we can afford? What's our next step if the taxes which make the mortgage are much higher than we can afford? Also the 2nd mortgage don't want to work with us.	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
How to get friend to pay back rent and termination fee? I lived with a friend for over 6 months and ended up paying all the rent and the termination fee.  What is the best way to get paid back if the statue of limitation is almost up?	Leasing Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Maryland
What is the code if I got cash assistance canceled from welfare? I got cash assistance canceled under pa. st. 62 p.s.403.2 from pa. st. welfare. What is that code?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
what is NON HR FORECLOSURE? what is NON HR FORECLOSURE?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What are my rights if my child&#39;s mother wants to home school my daughter? My child's mother wants to home school my daughter. I am against it. What are my rights? I live in Colorado. She lives in Arizona.	Family Questions	California
if I am married but my husband owns a home that my name is not on am I responsible for debts that he acquires for maintenance on the house? if I am married but my husband owns a home that my name is not on am I responsible for debts that he acquires for maintenance on the house?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Legal action If there are 2 names on a title and 1 of the owners sells the car without the other signature? If there are two names on a car title and one of the owners sells the car without the other owner's signature can there be legal action taken against that person even if the car dealership told the individual that only one name was required?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
What to do if school district did not keep their part of transfer agreement and won&#39;t reinstate my old job? I was let go from the school district after working there for 6 years without any issues.  A new principal came into the school and didn't like me. I received an excellent review but they would not rehire me.  When I went to Human Resources they offered my job back to me and said they wouldn't recommend it so I refused and told me they would help me get a new job within the district. To date they have not kept their part of the agreement and now they won't reinstate me at my previous job. Do I have any legal action against them?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can a 17 year old move out of her parent&#39;s house without going through a lot of legal stuff? Can a 17 year old move out of her parents house without going through a lot of legal stuff?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
I wonder if a &quot;Letter of No Objection&quot; from the editor is enough legal coverage against a potential lawsuit? I am writing a screenplay about the life of playboy & diplomat Porfirio Rubirosa. This screenplay is partially based on his memoirs published in a French magazine in 1964 and in the Dominican newspaper Listin Diario as weekly articles between 1965 and 1966.I wonder if a "Letter of No Objection" (to my use of the published memoirs) from the editor of the newspaper is enough legal coverage against a potential lawsuit? Porfirio Rubirosa died in 1965 and left no children. His wife at the time has remarried two more times and is not available for possible negotiations.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Minnesota
Is a personal loan owed to someone who passes away still binding? Is a personal loan owed to someone who passes away still binding	Contract Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How do I go about relinquishing my parental rights to kids I haven&#39;t seen or had contact within 5 years? How do I go about relinquishing my parental rights to kids I haven't seen or had contact within 5 years?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
When is the age child support stop in the state of North Carolina? When is the age child support stop in the state of North Carolina? Is it still 18?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Question regarding a change when my parent is my co-signer of the contract for 1 year of the apartment? My parent is my co-signer of the written contract for one year of the apartment. Now my school enrollment credits change. I decided not to move to the apartment. I talked with my manager the other day, she said, " If you decided not to move in, the company will send the 4548.00 to the collection, there is nothing the company can do about it." What I did so far is reading the lease agreement to see if it is true? Please help.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Maryland
Who has to pay for heat: me or landlord? Who has to pay for heat: me or landlord?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I attend school I am currently suing? If I am currently suing my school, can I still attend?	Legal Questions	Idaho
What procedures must I follow to obtain a divorce from a common law marriage in Alabama? What procedures must I follow to obtain a divorce from a common law marriage in Alabama?	Family Questions	Texas
Can my boss deny my medical leave when I have a doctor&#39;s note? Can my boss deny my medical leave when I have a doctor's note?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can i layoff an employee after he failed a claim for work injury? Can i layoff an employee after he failed a claim for work injury not because of the claim but because  of business slowing down?	Employment Questions	California
Can debt creditors garnish child support payments? Can debt creditors garnish child support payments in Michigan?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Is worker&#39;s compensation liable for an injury I sustained while at work? I sustained an injury to my knee while at work. I have medical benefits from the claim. The limping associated with the injury has caused me back problems that my primary care physician thinks is a direct result of the knee injury. Is workers compensation liable, and should they cover the cost of treatment to my back?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Can I kick my daughter out at age 17? Can I kick my daughter out at age 17? She will be eighteen in two months and does not want to listen or change.	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Is a contract binding for 24 months or 36 months because of the dates? A Georgia contract states "This contract shall be valid for a period of 24 months starting January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2013." Is it binding for 24 months or 36 months because of the dates? (8/3/12)	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
How can I get my grandchildren back? How can I get me grandchildren back?	Family Questions	Minnesota
If your enrolling in a fitness club and sign the contract but the enrollment fee unpaid is there still a contract? None	Contract Questions	Ohio
What would I get from Netflix if I were to exclude myself from the settlement and sue them personally? What would I be able to get from Netflix if I were to exclude myself from the settlement and sue them personally?Class Action Lawsuit Settlement AgreementA Settlement has been reached in a class action lawsuit that claims Netflix unlawfully kept and disclosed information, including records on the movies and TV shows its customers viewed. Netflix denies that it has done anything wrong. For more information: 1-866-898-5088www.VideoPrivacyClass.comPO Box 2750 Faribault, MN 55021-9750	Consumer Questions	Oregon
If a private company charges my company interest on an unpaid balance, are we bound to pay that interest? If a private company charges my company interest on an unpaid balance that payments are being made to is my company legally bound to pay that interest? No contract or agreement was signed.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Oregon
We had a land contract for the last 11 years. We decided to let the house go back to the owner so we left and told them. Four months later we got a letter saying they are requiring us to pay the sum of $9800 for repairs and cleaning. Are we liable?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	Nebraska
How to obtain a copy of a recorded phone call? I'm trying to get a copy of a recorded phone call from our 24/7 nurse line that is connected with our united health care. They gave myself and my husband bad advice and he had a deadly heart attack 30 minutes later  and they said it was heart burn and gas.   I want a copy of the call and they are giving  me a hard time.	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
If I do not appear to court for small claims court will I have a warrant? If I do not appear to court for small claims court will I have a warrant?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Can qualifying annunity contract be broken? How to break a qualifying annunity contract due to hardship?	Contract Questions	Florida
Can my dad refuse to let me live with my mom? I'm 17 and a high school senior. My parents are divorced and I live with my dad. I asked him if I could move in to live with my mom. Because he has to withdraw me from school, he refused. Can he refuse like that or do I have the right if I want to? I don't want to take this to court and all that non sense as that will take long and I want this over with ASAP. thanks in advance if anyone can answer my question quickly.	Family Questions	Texas
Does an employer need to supply air conditioning to their employees? Does an employer need to supply air conditioning to their employees?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If two people were co-defendants and both are off probation, can you have contact without restrictions? If you and your boyfriend were co-defendants in a federal case and both of you are off probation, can you now have contact without restrictions?	Criminal Questions	District of Columbia
Can a employer make you work 7 days a week and 10 hour days without a day off? Can a employer make you work 7 days a week and 10 hour days without a day off?	Employment Questions	New York
Can a realtor refer homeowners to a particular lawyer, if one is needed? Can a realtor, involved in short sales, refer homeowners to a particular lawyer, if one is needed?  Also, can the realtor advertise their business in short sales?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can wife&#39;s counselor see son and send reports without my consent? If I have 50/50 legal custody of my son, but he is in physical custody of my wife, can her counselor see my son and send reports to a court mediator without my approval?	Family Questions,Privacy Questions	California
Who is responsible when a customer purchased at a store and stepped on pothole? Customer purchased liquor at our store as walking toward her car she stepped on pothole on the parking lot. She has sent summons to us and landlord. Who is responsible for this and what do I need to do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
How to get out of lease without fines? 6 weeks ago someone was held up at gun point at my apartment complex. Last night a 17 year old kid was shot in the back. How do I get out of my lease with no fines? My apartment complex had to post notices on our front door because yet another robbery took place. I live by myself with kids.	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
How to remove physical assault from 4th grader&#39;s record? My son is in 4th grade and accidentally ran into a girl while changing classes. He didn't realize this until she came up his locker upset that he knocked her down.  He immediately apologized. She reported it to a teacher. It's on his record as physical assault. Can we get this removed?	Legal Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Ohio
How can a DUI in another state affect what happens to me when I receive a DUI in another state? On June 14, 2012 I received a DUI in Georgia and driving on a restricted license (I did not have my glasses on).  I have a previous DUI in North Carolina 7 years ago.  I paid the fine, community service, and surrendered my license. What do I need to do?  I did spend 24 hours in jail and was advised to plead nolo contendere, which I do not know what that is.I also received a letter from an attorney stating that I had 10 days to take action to avoid suppension.  Is the NC DUI going to make me a second offender?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
As the mother can I stop my child from being adopted after signing all the papers but its not yet finalized? As the mother can I stop my child from being adopted after signing all the papers but it's not yet finalized?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
What does &quot;Modified, Favorable to Appella&quot; mean? I appealed a unemployment decision, and the ref decision says, "Modified, Favorable to Appella". What does this mean? And does this mean that I won, and will get my unemployment?	Employment Questions	Florida
What should I do if my soon to be ex-husband set up bogus Facebook accounts to humiliate me? What should I do if my soon to be ex-husband set up bogus Facebook accounts to humiliate me?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can employer have access to medical records to investigate a worker&#39;s compensation claim? Can your employer have access to medical records to investigate a worker's compensation claim?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can I take my son out of the home with me to stay at my parents in order to separate from my husband? Marriage separation: Can I take my son out of the home with me to stay at my parents' house in order to separate from my husband of 12 years??  He won't leave the residence!	Family Questions	Virginia
How many hours a week can your employer force you to work? How many hours a week can your employer force you to work?	Employment Questions	Ohio
Divorce: problem concerning home re-financing. My ex-wife and I agreed she could keep the house so as to move on and not have to continue living together while it sold. We don't have children together and were married just over 4 years. Her intention was to re-finance but has not been able to, still she gets to keep it in the divorce decree and plans to stay. Before agreeing, the bank made it sound like she qualified. I can't buy a home of my own due to my name being on her house. Is there something I can do  to get my name removed or have the house sold? What are my rights? To my mistake for not reading more thoroughly, it was only stated that she had 90 days to apply to re-finance which she did but was denied, rather than a time frame to re-finance or  to be put on the market if she didn't.	Family Questions	New Mexico
Legal under Florida&#39;s labor laws if my daughter is working on July 4 but not getting paid? My daughter works for an auto dealer in Florida. She is an hourly employee. They are closing for the 4th of July which is a normal work day for her. They are telling her she will not be paid. Is this legal under Florida's labor laws?	Family Questions	New York
Is there a statute of limitations on forgery? Is there a statute of limitations on forgery?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Is there a way that I could get UNEMPLOYMENT so I could pay my bills if my hours were cut? I had a 40 hour a week job last year and after that my hours was 32 hours a week. But on June 26,2012 my hours was cut again. Now my hours are 24 hours a week and I don,'t make enough money to pay my bills. Is there away that I could get UNEMPLOYMENT so I could pay my bills? thank you.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Does my daughter have to go visit her father if it&#39;s court ordered and she don&#39;t want to? I have custody of my 12-year-old daughter and my ex has visitations 3 times a year. My daughter who is 12, calls me crying and upset that she wants to come home from her dad's cause he is pushing the past on her and making her feel guilty. Does she have to go visit him if it's court ordered and she don't want to?	Family Questions	Michigan
Does the brother have to give consent when the sister has leaned against it when they own a two family house? Brother and sister own a two family house. The sister wants to transfer her half to her daughter.  Does brother have to give consent when the sister has leaned against it?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What do I do if I&#39;m selling my house but the renters are 2 months behind? I'm selling my house rent to own they are 2 months behind. What do I have to do?	Family Questions	Florida
If there was never a child support order filed, can his mother file back support? My son just turned 18. If there was never a child support order filed can his mother file back support for the early years of his life?	Family Questions	Florida
As a salaried employee with no sick leave given do I have to take vacation for a sick day? As a salaried employee with no sick leave given do I have to take vacation for a sick day?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Should a defendant have a lawyer present during a calendar call? Should a defendant have a lawyer present during a calendar call?	Criminal Questions	Hawaii
If my work terminated me, can they not pay my 3 weeks vacation? I was terminated from my job and I earned 3 Weeks vacation and they won't pay me. They don't have that policy for anybody. Can they not pay me?	Employment Questions	Rhode Island
Can I be Suspended without being written up first? can I be Suspended without being written up first? How long can a first time suspension be?	Employment Questions	Arizona
Can your job take away hours you have already been paid for vacation? Can your job take away hours you have already been paid for vacation when you are leaving to go to another job?	Employment Questions	Florida
What rights do landlords have when tenant fails to vacate property at the end of the lease? What rights do landlords have, other than eviction, when tenant fails to vacate property at the end of the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
How can a foreigner obtain American citizenship? How can a foreigner obtain American citizenship?	Immigration Questions	California
Rental office demands repayment after losing rent money order. I paid my rent for my apartment in Mayfield Heights, OH with a money order. This payment was made in person to the woman in the rental office. She credited me as paid in their books. However, they have notified me that they LOST my money order and want me to pay again! Is it not THEIR issue?	Commercial Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I be forced to refinance mortgage? My father and I signed a mortgage in Brazoria County Texas. I am primary on it. Can the mortgage be called due and force me to refinance upon the death of my father?	Contract Questions,Finance Questions,Real Estate Questions	Texas
Anything I can do if there was a fingernail and flesh in my beer? As I was drinking a beer, I found a fingernail in it with what seemed to be flesh on it. Is there anything I can do?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
In New York, my joint bank account with my wife was frozen last week. She had credit card judgment 17 years ago, before I met her.  All deposits are written to me, and Union vacation checks &amp; others for side jobs.  My wife has not worked in 10 years and has no income? Is this legal to take my money.	Administrative Law Questions,Banking Law Questions,Consumer Questions,Finance Questions,Financial Questions,Litigation Law Questions	New York
Can a lawyer keep client&#39;s case for 18 months then tell client to terminate his services? Can a lawyer office keep client's case for 18 months then tell client to terminate his services? An agreement was signed to take and settle the case.	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Situation involving a fraud scheme that somehow involves me? I was advised by my attorney to sign a plea agreement with the federal government and threatened by the feds if I did not sign it. I would be prosecuted to the full extent of the law along with the main defendants.  I did not knowingly participate in their fraud scheme and did not profit from it.  I told them I did not have anything to do with one of the deals mentioned in the plea and that someone else in my company actually closed the deal and their signature was on the checks and closing statements, not mine.  They  are threatening to  investigate the person who closed the deal and the company.  I did close other deals, under the direction of a bank official who was  involved with the scheme and profited from it. What are my options?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Do any of the anti-steering federal laws apply to services like cell phones? I am in the mortgage business and am well versed in all the new legislation. My wife works for one of the big 3that cell phone providers and is constantly pushed to steer consumers into plans and phones they do not need. She refuses to take advantage of consumers.   Do any of the anti-steering federal laws apply to services like cell phones and plans?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Since not all the paperwork has been signed, could I return the car and cancel the deal if I wanted to? Hello,I purchased a new car on Saturday and signed the paperwork, but the dealership called today and said that they forgot to have me sign something from the Motor revenue department. Since not all the paperwork has been signed, could I return the car and cancel the deal if I wanted to?	Consumer Questions	Colorado
How do I redeem property I have paid taxes on for three years? In the state of Mississippi, I have paid taxes on property for three years.  How do I redeem property?	Real Estate Questions	Mississippi
Am I entitled to deposit if landlord prorates rent? I rented a room from a woman in Nevada. I gave her $350.00 upon moving in as a deposit. She never had me sign any rental agreement. I stayed for 9 days. She prorated my rent for the month @ $14/day.   Am I entitled to my deposit of $350, less than the $14/dayx9 days?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Nevada
What are the taxes now? What are the taxes now?	Tax Questions	Florida
If working 12 hours a day, what are you entitled to for breaks? If working 12 hours a day, what are you entitled to for breaks?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
What to do if I was injured while on the job and the bill was $1500? I was injured while on the job. The medical bill was $1500. Not seems  interested in helping. What do I do?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can I get my vehicle if it&#39;s being held but I have title, registration, and insurance in my name? I entered into a written agreement with someone to assume the payments on my vehicle and use it until my financing company approved a transfer of equity or assignment.  It was denied.  The person continued making payments with the verbal agreement of having to purchase the vehicle.  this never occurred.  I tried to retrieve the vehicle and was only allowed to remove the plates with a policeman present.  Title, registration, and insurance are in my name. Can I go get my vehicle?	Consumer Questions	New York
Are home loans valid for 2 years? Are home loans valid for 2 years?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is the hourly limit per week for part-time employees? What is the hourly limit per week for part-time employees in the state of Virgina?	Employment Questions	Virginia
How do I form a conservatory in Michigan? How do I form a conservatory in Michigan?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Michigan
How to marry my incarcerated fiance? I want to marry my fiance who is currently incarcerated in South Carolina. The problem is he's an illegal alien who has been in the U.S. since he was 13. He is now 26, and his green card expired while he was  in his mother's care. Can I marry my sweetheart and if so, who do I turn to for help in doing so?	Family Questions	Florida
How long does an Executor have to distribute assets in the State of NJ? How long does an Executor have to distribute assets in the State of NJ?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is it illegal for me to take my baby with me out of the county to visit family without telling the father? I took my baby with me out of the county to visit family for the summer without telling her father who I have not been with for the past 3 months. Is it illegal for me to have done that even if there are no court orders stating I can not?	Family Questions	California
Can you receive child support after child turns 18 and is in college? Can you receive child support after child turns 18 and is in college?	Family Questions	Virginia
If I am still owed $380 for a babysitting job, would this be worth a civil suit? I had a babysitting job and ended up having to quit because I was not being paid. I had a verbal contract with the individual of 150.00 per week. I am still owed 380.00, would this be worth a civil suit?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Is it legal for Paypal to use user money? I sell items on eBay and take Paypal as payment. Paypal has issued a 21 day wait period to get your money. You ship the item and if every thing is good you might get your money sooner. They are using my money for something. It is not just me almost everyone. Is this legal?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Texas
Can the arrearages in child support be increased at any time, or multiple times during the year? Can the arrearages in child support be increased at any time, or multiple times during the year?	Family Questions	Missouri
Are both PDAs valid or do the 2 documents cancel each other out? 2 FL Durable Power Attorney both signed the same day 1/1/11, giving 2 different people the same exact powers. Neither document says the 2 are to act jointly. The 2 Witnesses to the documents both live out of U.S.A. in different countries. Are both PDAs valid? OR Do the 2 documents cancel each other out? Can they be challenged, if so how? Any law to back up that they are both invalid?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Question regarding my divorce and my husband filing for bankruptcy and including my mortgage? I recently was granted my divorce. The courts awarded me the primary home. The financing for the mortgage is in my ex husbands name only. He recently filed bankruptcy and included my mortgage in it. I now receive no mortgage statements and he refuses to authorize permission for me to assume the mortgage. Since I am not on the financing the bank will not speak with me on this issue.I cannot afford an attorney since the divorce exhausted any money I had saved.	Family Questions	Florida
What should I expect as a settlement if the AME gave me a 55% whole person impairment rating? I have a workers comp injury of my lower back. The AME gave me a 55% whole person impairment rating. He does not recommend surgery. What should I expect as a settlement?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Is purchasing a seller&#39;s insurance policy necessary? Is purchasing a seller's insurance policy necessary?  And how long after the sale of a home is the seller responsible for anything that might go wrong?	Real Estate Questions	California
How to collect money from civil suit when unable to locate defendant? I was awarded a civil suit back in 1998 and have not heard nor received any monies due since. I don't even know if the defendant is still alive or where she lives. What are my options? What happens if the defendant has passed away?	Legal Questions	Wisconsin
What can I do to get the past due child support of 26000 that&#39;s owed to me? What can I do to get the past due child support of 26000 that's owed to me?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can a mayor stop water being turned on due to past renters bill? Can a mayor stop water being turned on due to past renters bill? I offered to pay it next month.	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
How to get child custody when mother is illegal immigrant? I recently had an affair which resulted in the birth of my son. The mother of my son is an illegal immigrant and is now threatening to leave the state with him so ill never see him. She doesnt have a stable job or home but i do.how can iget custody of my son from her without her running away?	Family Questions	Florida
Can your dad hit you without having custody of you? Can your dad hit you without having custody of you?	Immigration Questions	California
When can lack of understanding of contract terms void same? When can lack of understanding of contract terms void same?While in Cancun 8 days ago, we attended a sales presentation that included a detailed discussion of our vacation desires/plans.  After a 90 minute presentation, we spent 150 minutes negotiating a contract for further stays at the company's resorts, along with condo rental/yachting/cruise/flight discounts.  The offer we accepted included a limitation of resort rooms "deluxe".  We didn't know that the room we were in was "preferred", and that our stated goal of reproducing our current vacation would not be possible with the contract as written.  Earlier discussion included our ability to stay in the same type of room we were currently in.Do we have legal recourse?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Can you do anything to an employer if she said you stole something and you did not? Can you do anything to an employer if she said you stole something and you did not?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Can you garnish rental security deposits in the district of Columbia? Can you garnish rental security deposits in the district of Columbia?	Real Estate Questions	District of Columbia
What Happens if we don&#39;t sign a release of the inheritance? What Happens if we don't sign a release of the inheritance? Can the executor keep the inheritance and use to his discretion?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
If I was engaged for a year and we recently broke our engagement off, am I obligated to give him the ring? I was engaged for over a year and we recently broke our engagement off; am I obligated to give him the ring back?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can you hold back rent for written agreements in the rent that are not finished? Can you hold back rent for written agreements in the rent that are not finished?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What to do if I was recently caught in a department store with the concealment of $140 of merchandise? What to do if I was recently caught in a department store with the concealment of $140 of merchandise?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Can you just put a sick man out of  his house and just let some else just move in? Can you just put a sick man out of  his house and just let some else just move in?	Family Questions	Michigan
Question regarding having Medicaid through a long term care county provider in the state of Colorado? I have Medicaid through a long term care county provider in the state of Colorado. I was just approved to social security disability and was wondering if I get Medicaid through that and if so when it takes place, and does one trump the other?	Employment Questions	Colorado
If you sign your rights away in the state of Florida, do you still have to pay child support? If you sign your rights away in the state of Florida, do you still have to pay child support?	Family Questions	Tennessee
Can i beat diversion violation for driving on a suspended license in Memphis, TN? Can i beat diversion violation for driving on a suspended license in Memphis, TN?	Criminal Questions	Tennessee
If a single sister passes away and there are two living sisters and many nieces, who is entitled to her money? If a single sister passes away and there are two living sisters and many nieces, who is entitled to her money? No will involved.	Family Questions	Illinois
What is the habitual offender law in ID? What is the habitual offender law in ID?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Can I break a lease if I feel unsafe in my apt? Can I break a lease if I feel unsafe in my apt?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I am separated from my husband, is there a way to force him to support me financially? If I am separated from my husband, is there a way to force him to support me financially?	Family Questions	Illinois
Does telling a litigious person you have an attorney decrease the chance of a suit from them (potential)? Does telling a litigious person you have an attorney decrease the chance of a suit from them (potential)?	Personal Injury Questions	Tennessee
How much evidence is required to win an age discrimination complaint? How much evidence is required to win an age discrimination complaint?  For example, will a pattern of preferring younger engineers be enough evidence?  Over a five year period, younger engineers have been targeted for promotion over me.In 2007, target engineer age 35, me 53In 2011, target engineer age 34, me 57In 2012, target engineer age 30, me 58Do I have a strong case for age discrimination?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
if I stipulate to pay half of the debt is there still a need to mediate or may I file the stipulated divorce decree? I petitioned for divorce. she answered the petition and claimed i owe her money from a student loan that was put into our joint checking account. She had these debts prior to our marriage that only lasted a month. Will she be awarded this money if i go to trial? and if I stipulate to pay half of the debt is there still a need to mediate or may i just file the stipulated divorce decree?	Family Questions	Utah
How long does an employer have to write an employee up when another employee? how long does an employer have to write an employee up when another employee makes a charge against them when they are doing their existing interview to go to another job? Isn't that hearsay and should be investigated first before a write up occurs? one of these write ups was over 8 weeks later and the other was 3 weeks later	Employment Questions	Arkansas
Can I file a Motion for Contempt if my ex failed to pay my son&#39;s special needs? My divorce was finalized in 12/11. My ex was to pay my son's Special Needs trust after he turned 18 (6/2012). He has stopped paying and I would like it to be deducted from his check. He was also to put him on his medical insurance which he has failed to do and he owes me 1200$ for school costs before my son turned 18. Can I file a Motion for Contempt? I have no legal experience. Can I do this on my own?	Family Questions	Illinois
If I was in an accident can i get my full custody pulled and given to his father if he wasn&#39;t injured? if i was in a car accident two blocks from where i live can i get my full custody pulled and given to his father if he wasn't injured but was not in a car seat?	Family Questions	California
Question regarding my husband wanting a divorce, all possessions, and for me to move out? I have been married 28 years. My husband wants a divorce and all possessions, he wants me to move out. i have a 17 yr old son and he cut off my phone and all money assets. i had him removed but he wants everything and is putting all his money in his mothers account. What should i do next?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If I have a disability can the state of Wyoming take my children away from me and put them up for adoption? If I have a disability can the state of Wyoming take my children away from me and put them up for adoption?	Family Questions	Wyoming
Can CPS legally remove kids out of their home on a first offense of expected child abuse? Can CPS legally remove kids out of their home on a first offense of expected child abuse and without going to court?	Family Questions	Virginia
What are my son&#39;s father financial responsibilities for child support should he and the mother not marry? My son has fathered a child.  What are his legal financial responsibilities for child support should he and the mother not marry?  He resides in the state of Oregon	Family Questions	Oregon
Can a gated community issue a guest parking pass &amp; still tow the vehicle that the pass was issued to? Can a gated community issue a guest parking pass to a vehicle and still tow the vehicle that the pass was issued to?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I file for any unemployment service if I just came home from prison &amp; I&#39;m seeking employment? I just came home from prison and I'm actively seeking employment. In the meantime can I file for any type of unemployment service?	Employment Questions	District of Columbia
If my son wants to come live with me, will his mother have to pay me child support? I live in NC and my son is 13 and wants to come live with me. I was paying child support and now will his mom have to pay me child support?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Are we able to sell my late mother&#39;s mobile home before probate is finalized? My mother died last month, my sister & I are named co- executor in her will. Are we able to sell her mobile home before probate is finalized?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
How do I prove to the cps that I&#39;m a good mother? How do I prove to the cps that I'm a good mother?	Family Questions	Texas
Can an employer terminate an employee during a meeting with all the other employees present? Can an employer terminate an employee during a meeting with all the other employees present?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If warrant has been issued for failure to appear can i still pay the judgement and then turn myself in? if an arrest warrant has been issued for failure to appear can i still pay the judgement and then turn myself in?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Easiest way since I am from the US to move to the UK when married to an UK citizen? I have married a UK citizen and I am a US citizen. we both reside/work in the US and wish to move to the UK. what is the easiest way since I am a US citizen? How long will it take?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Can someone get laid off due to the person having restrictions even though they worked them a year? Can someone get laid off due to the person having restrictions even though they worked the person over a year with restrictions? This person subjected to being yelled at in front of other employees and a temp made an accusation but after accusation a few days later the person was told they have too many restrictions and have to let them go.	Employment Questions	Michigan
If I switch the company and they sponsor me when can I apply for petition and what is the time limit? I have a valid H1 B visa with my current employer which expires in Jan 13. If I switch the company and they sponsor me when can I apply for petition and what is the time limit?	Employment Questions	Arkansas
How do i obtain a paternity test for identity purposes if the man is currently in prison? i need to obtain a paternity test for identity purposes only. the man is currently in prison. how do i obtain the test?	Family Questions	Arkansas
With one kid how much do I pay a month in VA? With one kid how much do I pay a month in VA?	Family Questions	Virginia
Question regarding a workers comp case against Home Depot? I had a workers comp case against Home Depot since 2009. My lawyer let the deadline expire for a court hearing and now Medicare says I owe them almost $10,000 for medical bills. I have no money. I'm afraid they'll take payments out of my disability check. What can I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Wisconsin
Is it against the law to threaten someones life with intent to harm you? Is it against the law to threaten someones life with intent to harm you?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
Can I cancel my contract with JD Byrider if it&#39;s been less than 72 hours? Can I cancel my contract with JD Byrider if it's been less than 72 hours?	Consumer Questions	Ohio
What is the law in Louisiana about vehicles flooding? What is the law in Louisiana about vehicles flooding?  I have a new Corvette that got water in it during Isaac. I do not want the car after this will the insurance company replace the vehicle if I request?	Consumer Questions	Louisiana
How can I appeal if I&#39;ve been charged with battery? I have been charged with battery. The judge gave me 12 months probation and 12 weeks anger management. How can I appeal?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Do you just get straight pay for the total 48 hours in regards to an additional holiday pay? If your employer pays holiday pay to his hourly workers with 8 hours paid and you work 40 hour within the remaining 4 days at 10 hours a day, do you just get straight pay for the total 48 hours?	Employment Questions	Florida
If one party leaves &amp; the other pays off mortgage, is the party that left entitled to half value of house? A Couple buy house two names on deed. One party leaves & the other pays off mortgage. Is the party that left entitled to half value of house?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What&#39;s the oldest age a 12-year-old could date? What's the oldest age a 12-year-old could date?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
What&#39;s the law about giving breaks in a restaurant for a shift? What's law about giving breaks in a restaurant for a shift?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What is the maximum amount a landlord can charge for late rent? What is the maximum amount a landlord can charge for late rent in Chicago?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Does a homeowner have to exterminate for termites and pay for damages? Does a homeowner have to exterminate for termites and pay for damages, especially if the tenant has experienced damage to their personal property due to a ceiling falling down?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
I am looking for ADA Non-compliance language to include in an office lease? I am looking for ADA Non-compliance language to include in an office lease?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Dakota
If the date of publication is the 13th, what is the earliest date a  lien sale can occur? Many state statutes contain language like this:  "The sale or other disposition shall take place not sooner than 15 days after the first publication." It is not clear to me when the 15 days starts. Does it start on the day of publication or does it start on the day after publication? Specifically, if the date of publication is the 13th, what is the earliest date a  lien sale can occur? See Florida law 83.806 concerning enforcement of a self storage lien.	Consumer Questions	Florida
How is the best way to get my children back? My ex husband got custody of our 2 children but failed to mention that he knew how to get in touch with me. how is the best way to get my children back?	Family Questions	Georgia
What liability does a contractor assume when obtaining a Street Space Permit in the city of San Francisco, California? What liability does a contractor assume when obtaining a Street Space Permit in the city of San Francisco, California?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is it our obligation to fix these things in our rent-to-own contract? We have a rent to own contract on our home in Al. The renters claim to be able to obtain a mortgage "mid-summer". The contract states a selling price as is. The last few weeks, they have been finding things that need repair. Is it our obligation to fix these things? And can we re-negotiate the price if we do fix them?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Question regarding my employer wanting me to sign an employment agreement? My Colorado employer wants me to sign an employment agreement. He expects me to have my signature notarized, but not his. I have also included an amendment to the contract that protects my rights to my personal website and also protects my need to visit my elderly father once a year, and visit my family in California. He initially agreed to these amendments, but I fear that if his signature is not notarized, he will have no requirement to follow through. These two items could be a deal breaker for me. What are my rights in this situation with respect to Colorado employment law. Thanks.	Employment Questions	Colorado
What documents, if any, do I need to get the CEO to sign? I had a idea for a tech startup last year. Since I had no real business experience, I brought on a friend who had run a venture-backed company to be CEO, giving him 51% ownership. Turns out he has been horrible. He hates meeting with tech investors, he hates recruiting tech people. The business has no investment, no revenue and the product is not even launched. Now I'm starting to second guess the business model. I want to start a new company with a similar idea, but a new model. We had no founders agreement and no IP. I'm fine with giving back all my stock to the company if in return I can continue with my idea on my own. What documents, if any, do I need to get the CEO to sign?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
Bank lost my heloc note and I&#39;m trying to refinance. I am currently trying to refinance my home.  I owe $275k on a$600k home and have a HELOC with PNC Bank with a $75k limit and a balance of $25k that I plan to  pay off with the refinance/cash out option.  I was surprised to receive in the mail yesterday and letter from PNC Bank stating that "during a recent audit, we discovered the mortgage for the above reference heloc account is missing." They enclosed a Deed Of Trust that they want me to sign and have notarized "in order to continue to enjoy the benefits of this account."  Should I have this viewed by a real estate attorney?  Who would pay for that.  It looks pretty straight forward.What are my options? What would you recommend?	Real Estate Questions	Maryland
Can a parent lose custody rights if he/she has no contact with the child in more than a year? Can a parent lose custody rights if he/she has no contact with the child in more than a year?	Family Questions	California
Does employer invade privacy by forcing employee eye scans? Does a employer have the right to force its employee's to take eye scan with no statutory law if it enforces such a thing and without notifying the union body first? Is this an invasion of privacy by the standard that these scans take your whole DNA makeup? Is this a violation of rights by privacy?	Privacy Questions	Rhode Island
True that my boyfriend&#39;s ex-wife states he cannot see their daughter if he dates me? True that my boyfriend's ex-wife states he cannot see their daughter if he dates me?	Family Questions	Utah
Can I sue to have the seller pay for necessary repairs? I purchased a vehicle and the pink slip was signed over to me. Abill of sale formwas never filled out stating I purchased the vehicle "as is", the vehicle will not pass smog. Can I sue to have the seller pay for necessary repairs? I live in California where smog is the seller's responsibility.	Consumer Questions	California
If we rented a house but the landlord is a fake what do we do? If we rented a house but the landlord is a fake what do we do?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Can a person with paranoid schizophrenia be held liable to an automobile purchase contract? Can a person with paranoid schizophrenia be held liable to an automobile purchase contract? The person is only lucid for a minimum of one day. I am taking a business law class and not finding anything in my book or online. Wondering if you can point me in the right direction.	Consumer Questions	New York
What are the statute of limitations on a speeding ticket in the state of Louisiana? What are the statute of limitations on a speeding ticket in the state of Louisiana?  I received a speeding  ticket in 1987 that the town of Woodworth said was outstanding?	Employment Questions	Texas
What happens when you get sued in small claims court and fail to make the monthly signed papers? What happens when you get sued in small claims court and fail to make the monthly signed papers? Does my credit go bad? what is my punishment?	Criminal Questions	California
How do I get a copy of my arrest tape and mug shot? How do I get a copy of my arrest tape and mug shot?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Do I have to return an item I bought in cash when the pawn shop re-sold it a day early? I bought a item from a pawn shop and paid cash for it.  Now they want it back. They found out they sold it one day before they could. Do I have to return it?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
What&#39;s my first step to get legal custody of my younger siblings? I want to know what's my first step to get legal custody of my younger siblings?	Family Questions	South Dakota
Do i still pay child support if I have a child and I&#39;m not on the birth certificate? i have a child however i am not on the birth certificate. Do i still pay child support?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
in the state of North Carolina what is legal age for body piercing without parental consent? in the state of North Carolina what is legal age for body piercing without parental consent?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can a slip and fall case be appealed? Can a slip and fall case be appealed?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an employer fire someone from a text they got from a stolen phone? Can an employer fire someone from a text they got from a stolen phone?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my parents put a fence across the road when they lave let me have as a driveway for 25 years? My mom and dad have put up a fence across the road. They have let me have as a driveway for 25 years. Can they do this?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a father that hasn&#39;t paid child support for a while lose his parental rights without being notified? Can a father that hasn't been able to pay child support for a while lose his parental rights without being notified?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How can I go by to create a MLM program without going against GA law? How can I go by to create a MLM program without going against GA law?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Georgia
How old does a child have to be to choose who they want to go with during a divorce? how old does a child have to be to chose who they want to go with during a divorce?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Question regarding receiving a letter from the State of Michigan about an allegation? I am a RN and received a letter that the State of Michigan received an allegation. I believe this allegation came from a previous home care that I recently left.	Employment Questions	Michigan
I leased a building in SC to run a business in. The business is in trouble and it owes the landlord back rent. Now that the lease expired, landlord locked building and confiscated our belongings. Is this legal? We have not been evicted.	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
If a brand new vehicle is not operating as it should, can I return it to the seller? If a brand new vehicle is not operating as it should, can I return it to the seller, and if so, how long do I have to return it?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Can I get a divorce in Arkansas if I am pregnant? Can I get a divorce in Arkansas if I am pregnant? My husband and I have been separated for 2 1/2 years. He served me with papers a year and a half ago but never filed them. Now I'm wanting to file and go through with everything before the baby is born. I have no idea where he is.	Family Questions	Arkansas
Can I legally kick my ex out or deny her to have guests over that I don&#39;t approve of? My ex-girlfriend found someone to take her spot on the lease, yet she is still living here until the 23rd, so she is no longer on the lease. My question is can I legally kick her out or deny her to have guests over that I don't approve of?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Will I be in violation of the order if I call multiple locations in hopes to have an address of employment? I need to have a TRO served to the respondent. I have no location on him and the only contact info is the employer name and state. Will I be in violation of the order if I call multiple locations in hopes to have an address of employment? I'm running out of time and this is my last avenue to have him served.	Criminal Questions	California
Can you send a letter to someone? Can you send a letter to someone?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Can my husband go to the military if he came from Haiti? My husband just came to the US from Haiti. Can he go to the military?	Immigration Questions	New York
How do i get full custody of my son while his father is in trial for animal cruelty? how do i get full custody of my son while his father is in trial for animal cruelty?	Family Questions	California
What happens if a will cannot be found or no executor was named? In Pennsylvania,  what happens if a will cannot be found or no executor was named?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What are the requirements or where to find the requirements for Federal Firearms Dealers? What are the requirements or where to find the requirements for Federal Firearms Dealers in NH?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Massachusetts
Can one person break a lease if there are two people who signed the lease? Can one person break a lease if there are two people who signed the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
How do I get out of paying past rent from 2 years ago? How do I get out of paying past rent from 2 years ago?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
What does Florida State Statute 14.82 say about a person who was hunting quail, shoots a Panther instead?	Administrative Law Questions,Criminal Questions	Washington
Legal for me not to be at the home when a contract is signed &amp; management takes 2 days for confirmation? If I work in a business and I go into our computer and type a contract today and I sign it today then management takes it 2 days later to have family sign the contract, is that legal for me not to be at the home when it is signed?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can a girlfriend contest a family will? Can a girlfriend contest a family will?  She lived on and off with him, and they were rarely together for the last three years.  She is not named in the will.  The executors want to include her.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Utah
Can I have someone tow the car off the rental property I live on? I have a car that I still owe money on, the car broke down 4years ago at which time I wrote and told the finance company. It has been unregistered, uninsured and unlicensed since that time. I gave up my drivers license at age 80, became blind and again wrote and told them to come get the car or send the title- I have yet to hear anything from them except that I still owe. Can I have someone tow the car off the rental property I live on? The landlord wants the unregistered vehicle gone.	Consumer Questions	Colorado
What can I do if i was verbally insulted? What can I do if i was verbally insulted?	Criminal Questions	Idaho
Is it legal to have a spring assisted knife in Wisconsin? is it legal to have a spring assisted knife in Wisconsin?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
Will my wife be able to take our son by to England, if he is not registered as a citizen of the USA and Britain? Will my wife be able to take our son by to England, if he is not register as a citizen of both the USA and Britain?	Family Questions	South Dakota
Can a non-relative file for custody if the courts have granted all rights and responsibilities over to the juvenile court and no one has sole custody at this time? Can a non-relative file for custody if the courts have granted all rights and responsibilities over to the juvenile court and no one has sole custody at this time?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
Is it legal to take my picture without my informed consent at work? My employer is taking pictures of all the employees.  I did not know the purpose of the picture was to post it at my workstation in our new location.  Is it legal to take my picture without my informed consent, and is it legal to post my picture at my workstation, with or without my consent?	Employment Questions	California
Legal for my work to post my job before they lay me off permanently? I have an employment question. A couple of months ago I was laid off form my job as a quality inspector. On the 12th of July they put up a posting at work for a quality inspector. On the 17th of July I received a letter from them that they were making my lay off permanent. What I would like to know is, is it legal for them to post my job before they lay me off permanently?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
Need lawyer that knows federal employment rights concerning the merit system protection board? Need lawyer that knows federal employment rights concerning the merit system protection board?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is my second DUI warrant extraditable? Is my second DUI warrant extraditable?	Criminal Questions	California
With Real Estate P&amp;S Agreement based on the paragraph below, when is the &quot;day of performance&quot;? In a Real Estate P&S; Agreement based on the paragraph below, when is the "day of performance"?  Is it the day they sign the P&S; Agreement or the day that they actually close and pass papers?Water and sewer use charges, and taxes for the then current fiscal year, shall be apportioned and fuel value shall be adjusted, as of the day of performance of this agreement and the net amount thereof shall be added to or deducted from, as the case may be, the purchase price payable by the BUYER at the time of delivery of the deed..	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
If I&#39;m going through a divorce, can I marry someone else in Peru and bring him here? Hi I am a citizen in USA and I have married before but going through a divorce. I met someone back in Lima, Peru and want to marry this person. What can I do about that? This is my second time marrying someone from another country and this person that I married is here but we are not together anymore. Can you please tell me what can I do about filing paperwork with this person in another country? He is my fiance now but I want to bring him here and get married with him in the USA?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Can a private seller give a contract to two different people for the same car at the same time?	Contract Questions	Georgia
What is the statues of limitations for 12-year old checks? What is the statues of limitations for 12-year old checks?	Criminal Questions	North Dakota
Can a city with 38 employees offer family leave? Can a city with 38 employees offer family leave?	Employment Questions	Missouri
How many days does a company have to send earned commission after an employee quits? How many days does a company have to send earned commission after an employee quits? I quit on April 16th, 2012. Commissions are paid on the 10th of every month. My check should have been issued May 10th, 2012.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Legal if my husband&#39;s work keeps stalling his overtime pay? My husband works for a company that specializes in telecom. The company changes the way they pay their employees quite frequently. They just advised the employees that they will now be offering health benefits and that all their overtime will go towards their benefits, this will go in effect June 29th. However, today my husband was advised it went in effect on the 23rd. They owe him overtime for about 3 weeks now and keep brushing him off about it. The management advised him today that they will give him is overtime pay within the next month. Is this legal?	Family Questions	Virginia
Legal to be paid per shift in accordance to Lunch and Dinner? I worked for a restaurant as a server, where we did not clock in or out, and we were paid per shift that we worked, $15 for Lunch and $20 for dinner. The restaurant owner also claimed that we made more tips than we were actually making, which made our paychecks smaller because of taxes. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do if bank is holding me responsible for paying the money back when it was a check scam? I was victim of check scam. The bank cashed an out of town check for me. I performed the service of fictitious co. where assignment was to wire money to other countries. (yes I fell for it). The bank is holding me responsible do I have any other recourse besides paying this money back?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
What were Illinois 2009 usery laws for auto loans? What were the usery law in Illinois for auto loans back in 2009?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
What is a Partition Suit? What is a Partition Suit?	Real Estate Questions	Maryland
Legal for my 16-year-old daughter to work at McDonalds at night? My daughter is 16 and working at Mcdonalds. She works from 7pm to 1245am on a school night. Can they do that?	Employment Questions	Iowa
Can the boy decide where he wants to stay, or does the father have a say in it? Mother is moving back to England. Her 16 year old son, who lives with her, wants to go back and live in England with her.  His father, who is getting remarried, lives here.  Can the boy make this decision, or does the father have a say in it?	Finance Questions	Florida
Is there a way I can collect the back support from the army? When I was divorced the court ordered my husband to pay child support.  He was in the army.  After some years, and before my child turned 18 the payments stopped.  My ex-husband is now dead.  Is there a way I can collect the back support from the army?  My son is now 39 years old and his father died in April of this year.  He was a disabled vet when he passed away.	Family Questions	Indiana
If Buyers had a home inspection and withdrawn an accepted offer, am I entitled to a copy of that report? If Buyers have had a home inspection completed and withdrawn an accepted offer on my property because of it, am I entitled to a copy of that report????	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can I file a quit claim  without my ex husband having to sign we are on the deed together? Can I file a quit claim  without my ex husband having to sign we are on the deed together?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
How old does a child have to be in order to choose who he wants to live with? How old does a child have to be in order to choose who he wants to live with?	Family Questions	New York
Can a judge remove you as a cosigner if the owner filed bankruptcy behind your back? Can a judge remove you as a cosigner if the owner filed bankruptcy behind your back?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Am I the sole custodial parent if the father pays for support when I need a passport stating that I am? My son's dad and I were unmarried at the time that my son was born in but he did sign the birth certificate. I applied for child support in 2003. He still continues to receive support. We live in new York city and I applied for a passport but I need a letter stating that I am the sole custodial parent. Am I the sole custodial parent?	Family Questions	California
If the employee is on disability leave for more than 3 months, can he be terminated If the employee is on disability leave for more than 3 months, can he be terminated by the employer?	Employment Questions	New York
What to do if my landlord is charging me what appears to be fraudulent fees? My landlord is charging me what appears to be fraudulent fees for an apartment I rented months ago. I have all documentation of what I paid and the bill he gave me for services rendered. Previous roommate broke into said apartment sometime after I discontinued my lease and turned my keys in.	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
What is the landlord responsible for with the tenants if the house is condemned? Ny state. What is the landlord responsible for with the tenants if the house is condemned?  No lease involved for the tenants.  Thank you very much	Real Estate Questions	New York
I&#39;m getting divorced and if I disagree with what was said can I challenge it? I'm getting divorced and if I disagree with what was said can I challenge it?	Family Questions	Indiana
At what age is the parents not responsible for a child not living in there home? At what age is the parents not responsible for a child not living in there home?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I get court order revised if after one year, the kids are living with me cause the mom can&#39;t handle? I have joint legal and kids are supposed to be living with mom. But after 1 year, mom told me she could not handle kids so kids are now living with me. How do I get court order revised	Family Questions	Indiana
How long does a parent have to be gone before abandonment can be claimed? How long does a parent have to be gone before abandonment can be claimed?	Family Questions	Kentucky
To sell everything &amp; to manage my late mother&#39;s account, should all the children sign something? My mother in law passed away two years ago. In order to sell everything that is inside the house and to manage the money left in her bank account ( it's not too much) shouldn't all the children ( three) sign something? I know that she has a will. She was living in Louisiana. Thanks for the advice.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Is a landlord allowed to enter my rental without me being home? Is a landlord allowed to enter my rental without me being home?	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
Can you legally move out when you are 17 years old? In Herrin, Illinois, can you legally move out when you are 17 years old?	Family Questions	California
If a father has the right to have his daughter over, legal for mother to just take them without permission? If a father has the right to have his daughter over the summer is it legal for the mother to just take them without permission even though this is his visitation rights	Family Questions	New York
If I get a legal separation from my husband will I lose all his benefits? If I get a legal separation from my husband will I lose all his benefits? He left me and our son to move with another woman and taking care of them. He stopped his checks to come home. He's not helping me with our son. I'm struggling with our child. I need help. He said he's not paying me anything.	Family Questions	Louisiana
How to prove you bought something when the bill of sale is in someone else&#39;s name? How to prove you bought something when thebill of saleis in someone else's name?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Can i file a wrongful death suit with neglect? My son died two years ago today. He was diagnosed with melanoma a week before he died. The cancer was throughout his body. There were physical signs and behavioral signs that he was ill. Can I file a wrongful death suit with neglect?	Family Questions	Maryland
Can a landowner put a locked gate across an easement as long as the easement holder is provided? Can a landowner put a locked gate across an easement as long as the easement holder is provided a key or combo to the lock in Idaho?	Real Estate Questions	Idaho
Do sixteen year olds and older now have the right to refuse to go to school? Do sixteen year olds and older now have the right to refuse to go to school?	Family Questions	Indiana
Can an eye exam tell a grandparent info without the parent&#39;s permission? Can an eye exam facility tell a grandparent information on a grandchild without the parent's permission?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Legal for the manager to collect the money if the employee leaves the company? is it legal for a company to dock the pay of managers the amount an employee they manage take in draw in IL. To be more specific: If an employee does not make enough to cover their hourly rae, the difference is taken out of the managers paycheck thus leaving the employer to pay ZERO draw.  If the employee leaves the company prior to paying back the draw, the manager never collects this money. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Legal if my job cut my hours to 1 hour every 2 weeks? My job cut my hours to 1 hour every 2 weeks. Is that legal?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Question regarding the custody of our daughter when my fiance passed away? So my fiance passed away four weeks ago and left a will leaving everything to me including custody of our daughter that we took in February. We got custody of her during that time. I live in Virginia for school. Now two people that were close with my fiance have my daughter and will not give her to me. I told them that if they didn't show me the will that I would get a lawyer and they threatened me. He and I did have a joint bank account but he made it before he passed so I don't know what the bank is or any of the other information.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Does my husband&#39;s daughter have a legal right to show up at our home uninvited? My husband has a grown daughter from a previous marriage. Does she have a legal right to show up at our home uninvited? She was arrested last year and lost her job.	Family Questions	Kentucky
If both parties live in different states and both file for custody which court has ultimate jurisdiction? In a custody battle if both parties live in different states and both file for custody which court has ultimate jurisdiction?	Family Questions	Colorado
How do I get copy of the will from my late mother&#39;s attorney and when do I get possession of the property? My mother past away and she gave the deed property (Michigan, Huron County) to me upon her death. How do I get copy of the will from her attorney and when do I get possession of the property and the deed?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
What is the penalty for paying someone under the table? If you do the work of two people doing two separate jobs, should you be paid more?	Employment Questions	Kansas
Is it illegal to have chickens in Philadelphia? I have chickens that someone gave to me and now one of the neighbors said that she going to call the cops on me because its illegal to have chickens in Philadelphia. Is that true? Please help. I love my birds.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a condo association equally split the special assessment? My condo association has 20 units, different square feet (one bed, two bed etc). Can a condo association equally split the special assessment?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can my employer legally keep our tips, which by making us spend it there? I work @ Thunderhill Raceway as a falgger. Once in awhile the client for the day gives us a tip. They used to give us cash but now they are giving us gift certificates for the facility, for the company store or gas or for for at the concession stand, which is forcing us to give the money back to them. Can they legally keep our tips, which by making us spend it there? That's what they are doing. Can they really do this?	Employment Questions	California
Can I legally terminate our patient-physician relationship without accusing them of theft? I am an optometrist in Kentucky.  I have a family of patients who we expect of twice stealing from our office, first a cell phone and later $400 out of our front office cash drawer.  Can I legally terminate our patient-physician relationship without accusing them of theft, which I do not have any hard evidence of?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Kentucky
How can I lower my child support? How can I lower my child support? I work full time making under ten bucks an hour, paying almost 400 a month, I don't have a house, I have a car payment and other bills also, but my daughters mom is almost 30 with no license or car or job still living with her mom she's never worked. Please help	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Can I get alimony if I make $12,000 a year on disability and my abandoned husband makes $30,000? i was married 12 years he abandened me i make 12 thousand a year on disablity he makes over 30 thousand a year can i get alimony	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Arkansas
How long does a company suspend a person? how long does a company to suspend a person?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Statue of limitation on commission due on a commercial land deal? Is there a statue of limitation to go after commission due on a commercial land deal in North Carolina?Seller backed out of deal in January 2007.  Never paid the commission due even though there was a ready, willing buyer.	Employment Questions	North Carolina
What should l do if l want to break a contract &amp; it is passed the time limit for cancelling? l want to break a contract. It is passed the time limit for cancelling. What should l do?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I remove a wage garnishment from a property management company? How do I remove a wage garnishment from a property management company who somehow got a judgement against me for 25% of my wage? I am a single working mother who receives no child support.?	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if my employer did not pay any of the benefits or tax deductions for 3 years? I was hired as a sub-contractor but worked as an employee.  My employer did not pay any of the benefits or tax deductions for 3 years.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can the company I am leased to take 100% of earnings for bill/advanced money? i am a independent contractor/truck driver and I am leased to a company. Can the co. am leased to take 100% of earnings for bill/advanced money?	Employment Questions	Indiana
In the NYC Dept of Corrections what does charge code OJCW ZT mean? In the NYC Dept of Corrections what does charge code OJCW ZT mean?	Criminal Questions	New York
What are the regulations in regards to traveling or moving with child custody cases? I have sole decision making for my 6 year old. The father was given 4 visits in which are an hour long supervised. He had changed it to two 1 hr supervised visits. I was recently proposed to by my boyfriend who lives in Alaska and he wants me to move out there. What do I need to do if anything? Or can I just leave? There were no mention in the order about travel or moving to another state. Please help!!	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Are bug spray companies required to post a sign when they have sprayed a yard? Are bug spray companies required to post a sign when they have sprayed a yard?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a soldier drop his wife from his tri-care insurance if they are not divorced and shes needs medical help? Can a soldier drop his wife from his tri-care insurance if they are not divorced and she is in need of medical help?	Family Questions	Virginia
Is there a state law in Colorado that landlords must give tenants 24 hour notice before entering their homes? Is there a state law in Colorado that landlords must give tenants 24 hour notice before entering their homes?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Can I contest the payment to my ex? My husband ( of 15 years) past away.  He never updated his records and his ex-wife is named as the death of benefit beneficiary (forms he filled out in 1974).  Can I contest the payment to her?  Do I have any rights to any of that money?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What does including all tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances belonging or appertaining mean? What does including all tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances belonging or appertaining mean?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
I had a revolving credit account with HSBC. As a result of a divorce, I could not meet my financial obligation.  I got a debt settlement company to consolidate my bills.  They were disbarred from practice and now my money is being held up in court.  Meanwhile, HSBC sold my account. Can they sue me?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Finance Questions,Legal Questions	Texas
How can one get back child support to stop adding up? How can one get back child support to stop adding up after the child has become legal age with a dependent of her own?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
Is there any way I can break my lease legally? Is there any way I can break my lease legally?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How do we cancel a marriage license if we applied it a few days ago? Dear advisor. We had put in the application for marriage license on Friday yesterday. How do I cancel it? In atlanta ga	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an employer tell an employee who has medical issues to retire and he will fight for her to get unemployment? Can an employer tell an employee who is 59 years old and has medical issues to retire and he will fight for her to get unemployment? Also, can he tell her if he has to fire her he will fight her unemployment request? Massachusetts	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Does my daughter have any negotiating rights regarding pay change? My daughter is working as a part time exempt employee for a company based in Maryland and has been telecommuting for approximately 18 months.   Her boss recently advised (not HR) that she was now being converted to an hourly part time.   Does she have any negotiating rights (other than quit) regarding this proposed change?	Employment Questions	Maryland
Can a job fire you for missing one day of work if you called in? Can a job fire you for missing one day of work if you called in?	Employment Questions	West Virginia
If there is no agreement in place, does the father have the right to remove the 3 children from the mother? If there is no agreement or marriage in place, does the man (the father) have the right to remove the 3 (2 girls, 1 boy) children from the mother?	Family Questions	Colorado
What are my rights for  compensation for a divorce? What are my rights for  compensation for a divorce?	Family Questions	Alabama
If you got arrested in municipal court then they moved you to county court, can they try you both in municipal and county court?	Criminal Questions	New Jersey
How many hours can my employer make me work in a day and or week? How many hours can my employer make me work in a day and or week?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there a time limit on probate in the state of Texas? Is there a time limit on probate in the state of Texas?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Are employers allowed to force workers to work beyond given schedule? Are employers in Georgia allowed to force workers to work beyond given schedule or forty hour week?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is it wrong that my boss will not allow me to have water at my register? i am a cashier and my boss will not allow me to have water at my register. Is that wrong?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If working more than seven hours, can I be FORCED to take an unpaid 30 minute break? If working more than seven hours, can I be FORCED to take an unpaid thirty minute break in the state of Georgia?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Does a premarital agreement combined with proper asset titling, eliminate alimony upon divorce? In the state of Florida, does a premarital agreement combined with proper asset titling, eliminate alimony upon divorce?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I get a deferred sentence for a first time offense? I have recently returned home from the military and was going through a hard time. I was arrested for shop lifting at Sears. They tripled the amount of the items putting it above five hundred dollars. This is my first offense and would like to try and get a deferred sentence, do you think it's possible? Also, I have a good job and don't want to go to jail. How worried should I be and do you advise to get a lawyer?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
How many days do I have to give the tenant to vacate: 30 or 60 days? How many days do I have to give the tenant to vacate: 30 or 60 days? I am renting a room in my house. The house is in California. Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	California
Do I have a case to get all my money back? I signed a lease for my apartment and am trying to get out of it.  My landlord never gave me a copy of the lease.  They said their copier wasn't working and they would e-mail me a copy.  Over a month later and still no copy of the lease.  I never really moved in and am trying to get my money back.  I live in Indiana.  Do I have a case to get all my money back?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Can friend still press charges if he signs document saying he wouldn&#39;t? Me and three friends got caught stealing from another friend. He told us if we paid him, he wouldn't press charges and I told him he would have to sign a document saying he wouldnt press charges. If I have that document, can he still press charges?	Contract Questions,Criminal Questions	Ohio
True that in IN rent can only go up $25 a year? My mom lives in Greenwood, IN and her rent is now $609 and she just received noticed that her rent is going up to $650. I was told by a friend that in IN it can only go up $25 a year. Is this true? Dori	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Can I get an extension of child support to age 22 for my college student? Can I get an extension of child support to age 22 for my college student?	Family Questions	New York
If a judgement was filed 8 years ago can a new one be filed again? On 12/2001 I cosigned a rental lease for my son and his 3 children. At the time I was employed with the landlord as a sales rep. March 03 my son lost his job. I paid the rent until the balance due no longer matched mine. After going from a negative $56.23 May 30th, paid June & July rent, had a balance due of $1,004.54 on August 1st. Rent $700 a month. I stopped paying, lost my employment with them my son was evicted. A judgement was filed against me 11/25. On 12/01 they said I owed $4,003. I started paying $50 per month. They owed me commission on a sale. I requested applied against the balance. I stopped paying 01/08 and didn't hear from them until now. They want the balance. Can they file against me again? Can they take my car or home?	Finance Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Does my husband still have legal rights to belongings in the house if he moved out? My husband moved out April 09, 2012. Does he still have legal rights to belongings in the house?	Family Questions	Michigan
Question regarding unauthorized practice of law &amp; how to structure co. to give legal info about copyright? How can we give legal information without turning it into legal advice?  We are worried about unauthorized practice of law, and how to structure our company so to be able to give legal information about copyright.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Louisiana
Question regarding negligent operation of a watercraft while under the influence? Two years ago I was arrested for boating under the influence as well as negligent operation of a watercraft.  I hired an attorney and he got the boating under the influence dismissed and assured me that the negligent operation was only a ticket and not a misdeamoner.  Come to find out I am being told by potential employeers that it is a misdeamoner. What can I do? Is there an expungement?	Criminal Questions	South Carolina
If you are not happy with judge&#39;s ruling what can you do who is the watch guard for the court? If you are not happy with judge's ruling what can you do who is the watch guard for the court?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Are there laws for opening a head shop in PA? I want to open a head shop. Is there any licensing or laws in PA?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Pennsylvania
What documents are necessary prior to beginning work for a new employee? When you wish to hire an employee and would like for them to start right away...  What documents are necessary prior to beginning work?  Are they allowed to work and given a certain amount of time to fill required documents?  Are the documents legally necessary before any work is performed?  Is it recommended or required that a new employee not set foot on the premises until documents are completed, signed, and reviewed before beginning employment?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Do I have the right to refuse to give up my cell phone if my manager tries to take it while in a meeting? Do I have the right to refuse to give up my cell phone if my manager tries to take it while in a meeting? I wouldn't give it up so he sent me home and suspended me.	Employment Questions	Missouri
Do you need a license plate for the scooters we see on the road? Do you need a license plate for the scooters we see on the road?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Once the suspension is up in Missouri, can I obtain a license in Idaho? My license was suspended in the state of Missouri 5 years ago in October for 5 years.  Once that suspension is up, can I obtain a license in Idaho?	Criminal Questions	Idaho
As a landlord, am I liable if I discover that my tenant is doing something illegal? As a landlord, am I liable if I discover that my tenant is growing marijuana? I'm renting my home in New York while living in a foreign country. I just learned from a neighbor that there is no doubt that this is the case, and I am beginning an effort to evict them.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Does the Mother &amp; I have equal custody if I am a 17-year-old man with an 18-month-old son? I am a 17-year-old man with an 18-month-old son. Does the Mother & I have equal custody in FL?	Family Questions	Florida
Do I have a good discrimination case with the usage of ghetto towards my boss? I was wondering if the word "ghetto" is considered a racist statement? I am an African American female in a leadership position and a few days ago my boss told that we are not working in a ghetto so we will not answer the phone in that manner. He has also wrote me up via email. I felt humiliated because several other employees got to see the write up. There has been no black people promoted in our area since he came and there are a few more issues I don't care to address. Do I have a good discrimination case?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can I register my significant other and myself as domestic partners in St. Lucie County in FL? Can I register my significant other and myself as domestic partners in St. Lucie County in the state of Florida? If so, would I be entitled to be on his medical insurance plan?	Family Questions	Florida
What is considered normal wear and tear on carpeting? What is considered normal wear and tear on carpeting?  I've rented a townhouse for 5 years and am now being told that I have to replace the carpeting.  The only thing the lease states is that it needs to be professionally cleaned upon moving out.	Real Estate Questions	South Dakota
what is Title IV-D child support services? what is Title IV-D child support services?	Family Questions	Florida
How much money should I set aside for tax purposes if I will be getting some money from an escrow? I will be getting some money from an escrow account.  I am wondering how much money should I set aside for tax purposes?	Family Questions	Montana
How can I make my co-owner sell the property I no longer want to take part of? How can I make my co-owner sell the property I no longer want to take part of?	Real Estate Questions	California
If a small business has gross receipts of less than $500k are they exempt from paying overtime? If a small business has gross receipts of less than $500k are they exempt from paying overtime?	Employment Questions	Florida
Do I have a valid case to sue if my employer has been giving me difficult tasks to accomplish? My employer has been giving me difficult tasks to accomplish, making me travel 100 percent, work in physically demanding position, etc. for many months and have been finding reasons to fire me. They made work so hard that my back pain that started due to injury at work, took really long time to heal due to long standing hours and missed appointments for physical therapy. My supervisor increased my work load during this period. I was dehydrated and felt tired due to traveling from Sunday to Friday and working long hours. I never got compensated for extra hours. Additionally, they put me on performance improvement as soon as my work comp injury treatment was finished and after I told them that I was pregnant. Do I have a valid case to sue?	Employment Questions	California
How do I terminate my parental rights? how do I terminate my parental rights?	Family Questions	Texas
How to apply a copyright? How to apply a copyright?	Family Questions	California
Who owns the property if I purchased a storage auction in AL if it is a deed to 5 acres of land in MO? I purchased a storage auction in Alaska.  In it is a deed to 5 acres of land in Missouri. Whose is that now?	Real Estate Questions	Alaska
What to do if my Condo will not provide any information on how the HOA fees are figured per unit? Hello, my Condo will not provide any information on how the HOA fees are figured per unit  and how much is collected.  Mine is one of the smallest units but they charge me a lot more larger units.  The management company keeps everything  secret.Regards,Bob	Real Estate Questions	Texas
What percent is taken out of your paycheck for insurance, after being out on disability? what percent is taken out of your paycheck for insurance, after being out on disability?	Employment Questions	New York
What does notice of intention to bring action of ejectment mean? what does notice of intention to bring action of ejectment mean?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What do I do if the apartment complex is giving me misleading information about ownership? I moved out of an apartment complex. I put on my record that I owe them when I went to try and resolve the problem so I can move. They told me that the person who owned the apartment  I lived in no longer owns them. So I asked them if they had any information of the person who sold them the apartment complex. They gave me a number but that number is just a wrong number. What do I do?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Is it legal to sign a lease with someone who does not own the home? Is it legal to sign a lease with someone who does not own the home?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a police officer legally confiscate your weapon if he/she doesn&#39;t confiscate your CCW permit? Can a police officer legally confiscate your weapon if he/she doesn't confiscate your CCW permit?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
What is abandonment of child /in state? What is abandonment of child /in state?	Family Questions	Georgia
I quit my job, landlord was the boss. He changed locks &amp; has kept all my belongings, even moved them to another location. His lawyer contacted me with a sum of $1000, for damages &amp; missing items, to retrieve my items, and has backed out of the deal.  Do i need to have a lawyer to put an end to this?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
Can an employer contact by phone an applicant&#39;s previous employer? In Massachusetts, can an employer contact by phone an applicants previous employer?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If you have no insurance can you still get your windshield replaced for free? If you have no insurance can you still get your windshield replaced for free?	Criminal Questions	Florida
If someone has their parental rights terminated, can the child be adopted by the other parent? If someone has their parental rights terminated, is still in a relationship with the father of the child and they decide to get married, can the child be adopted by the other parent whose rights were terminated?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Question regarding giving up our house in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy? We gave up our house in Missouri in a Chpt 7 bankruptcy.  It was charged off, but it is still in our name and we were told we are still responsible for the upkeep even though we are not living in it.  How do we get it out of our name and responsibility?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Will child be returned to Illinois if trial court awarded custody and allowed to be removed to different state? Appeal Court reversed and remanded lower courts decision. Now everything should be returned to the way they were before the trial. Trial court awarded custody and allowed child to be removed to different state. Will child now be returned to Illinois?	Family Questions	Indiana
Does a dependent child who marries, remain her father&#39;s responsibility for post graduate education? Under Maryland Law, does a dependent child who marries, remain her father's responsibility with regard to the cost of post graduate education?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can someone have a trial without a lawyer in the state of IL? Can someone have a trial without a lawyer in the state of IL?	Family Questions	Illinois
Do I have a case of Reverse Discrimination within my work? Emirates Airline Los AngelesReduction of staffWrongful termination questionI'm the only American born female over 50 made redundant. I've been with the company 4 years and the people kept only 1 1/2.  3 of the 8 people kept on are personal friends and previous colleagues of the Station Manager.  Would I have a case of Reverse Discrimination?	Employment Questions	California
Is there anything that can be done if someone is using my husband&#39;s name and info to avoid creditors? Is there anything that can be done if someone is using my husband's name, address and phone number to avoid creditors?  He is not using his social security number.	Consumer Questions	Florida
Question regarding my current 5-year auto loan that is up in December of this year? i have a current 5yr auto loan that is up in December of this year.  I had a lawsuit against this company for giving out my info and harassment about a yr ago and won the case. I currently fell behind in my payment and now the they have the car with no notification. Paid the car good for five years and now five months left and car is repoed. I called them and told them that i didn't get any notification and they told me they are not allowed to contact me but yet got the car. Are they allowed to do that?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Does the State of Florida require a zero balance on child support in order to get one&#39;s driver&#39;s license or passport reinstated? Does the State of Florida require a zero balance on child support in order to get ones drivers license or passport reinstated?	Employment Questions	New York
If I had my rights terminated do I have to come and talk to them? I had my rights terminated four years ago. I'm pregnant now. They want me to come in and talk to them. I'm scared to because i lost my other children. Do I have to talk to them?	Family Questions	North Carolina
As Landlord, do I have to let Rent-A-Center enter and remove merchandise? Rent-A-Center wants to come to pick up merchandise that renter in my condo has not paid for. As Landlord do I have to let Rent-A-Center enter and remove merchandise?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I go about changing my son&#39;s last name if I&#39;m unable to locate his biological father? I want to change my sons last name but I am unable to locate his biological father to serve him with papers how do I go about changing his name?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
What form are needed to place a lien on property? I would like to know what forms I need to file to place a lien on someones property that owes me money.	Real Estate Questions	California
What would happen if the human resource department reveals confidential information of one employee to another? What would happen if the human resource department reveals confidential information of one employee to another?	Employment Questions	Florida
What are my options when a bill collector has filed suit if I don&#39;t pay $9,000 when it was originally $4000? Bill collector has contacted a lawyer who has threatened to file suit if I don't pay 9 thousand  on a delinquent credit card from three years ago. The actual balance was only 4 thousand. What are my options?	Consumer Questions	Idaho
What to do about a landlord that does not want to fix the electrical problems and wants to evict me? What Should I do about a landlord that does not want to fix the electrical problems and wants to evict me because i refuse to pay rent until fixed?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
What to do if pulled over with the darkest possible window tint? What to do if pulled over with the darkest possible window tint?	Criminal Questions	West Virginia
What steps do I need to take in order to get an annulment in the state of Florida? What steps do I need to take in order to get an annulment in the state of Florida?	Family Questions	Florida
What are my rights as a father if I&#39;ve never met my son? What are my rights as a father if I've never met my son? Also what routes or procedures should I follow or pursue?	Family Questions	Nebraska
Can a broker remove an above ground pool from the residence after the contract to buy the home has been signed? Can a broker remove an above ground pool from the residence after the contract to buy the home has been signed?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can you emancipate a child in new York at the age of 16? Can you emancipate a child in new York at the age of 16? And what does it exactly mean?	Family Questions	California
If a school cancels I-20 of a student, how long can he stay in USA after the date of cancellation? If a school cancels I-20 of an international student, how long can he stay in USA after the date of cancellation?I am not attending classes for my school as i have my H1 approved from Oct 2012. But if school cancels my I 20 on 25th sept 2012, will it affect my H1 ?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
File for citizenship once my permanent residence gets to 3 years? My wife filled for a divorce but didn't want to follow it up. Can I still file for citizenship once my permanent residence gets to three years?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Arizona
Question regarding my wife and I currently in the divorce proceedings? I am currently in the proceedings of getting divorced. My wife and I have no parenting plan on my daughter. My wife won't let me see her or talk with her at all.  I wanted to know if I can get her for kidnapping or what can I do to get this divorced done faster?	Family Questions	Montana
Will I lose my custody battle if I&#39;m dating a person i previously had a protective order on? Will I lose my custody battle if I'm dating a person i previously had a protective order on even if I've dropped it?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
I am willing to &quot;walk away&quot; from a timeshare (paid in full). But I am sick of all the exorbitant fees, can the timeshare owners REALLY destroy my credit for my refusal to pay fees? Can they attach anything else I own, like my home or do they just threaten and harrass?	Real Estate Questions	Rhode Island
Can we get an annulment done instead of a divorce? My wife and I signed a common law affidavit in 2011 in the state of Colorado. We have not acquired any debt or assets together. We do not share any accounts together and our money is completely separate. The only thing that has changed is that she has been added to my health insurance as a spouse. Can we get an annulment done instead of a divorce?	Family Questions	Colorado
What can I do if I want to be involved in my daughter&#39;s life? What can I do if I want to be involved in my daughter's life?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Does having a 2-year-old and recently remarried help with reducing my child support? Hi. I'm Edward. My Question is: I'm remarried and I ave a 2-year-old with my wife. Does this help on reducing my child support? And also have court order paper on seeing my son, she has not let me see him in two to three years. I don't know where she lives and no phone number for her. That's an agreement that in the court order. I don't have the money to find him or for court again. What can be done on getting my child support drop? The state is MO.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Missouri
Can the beneficiary turn around and sell  the land if it&#39;s inherited from a probate will? Can a probate will in Jamaica that say land must not be sold but pass down to generation, can the beneficiary turn around and sell the land?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
For a divorce what&#39;s fair and legal such as alimony and how long I should receive it and retirement? I am in the middle of a divorce. I have been married 26 years and did not work at all.  I have a 16 yr old son and 24 year old daughter who will be living with me.  We have sold our house and already split the money there.   Could you please tell me what I should be expecting that is fair and legal in NY such as alimony and how long I should receive it and retirement?  My husband has a very good income. I do not want to take advantage of my husband in any way.  Just want to know what is fair and legal.  Tired of lawyer games.	Family Questions	New York
Question regarding filing civil suit against a carpet installer for unsatisfactory work don? I filed a civil suit against a carpet installer for unsatisfactory work done.  He didn't show up  the court hearing.  He was found guilty by default.  It has now been 35 days since the hearing that I was told to give him to pay the judgement.  He has not paid me.  I notified the court to see what my options are from here and was told that I could file a lien against him or I could have a constable go to his home and take property of his that would equal to the amount of the judgement.  My question is: In your opinion what would be your suggestion is the better option to do?  The judgement is for $1218.50 which includes court fees.  This case is in Pittsburgh, Pa.  Would one option be better to make him pay  over the other?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal for me to get my truck if it&#39;s mine or does she own it in her property after all that time? My truck is sitting in my wife's mom's house since May of 2011. I have been gone for training reasons in the US Army. When I got back I found out my wife wants a divorce and her mom is keeping my truck hostage in her property. Although I am still technically married. I want my truck and she refuses to give it up. The truck's title is only in my name and my wife did not want to sign to share it. I am going by Oklahoma law, is it legal for me to get my truck if it's mine or does she own it in her property after all that time?  We are technically still related I didn't just abandon it in her yard. The engine blew and it had to be towed there.	Family Questions	Oklahoma
Do I need to find my ex to divorce, or is there a law in place for people who have been apart this long? I have been away from my wife for 5 yrs. Do I need to find her to divorce, or is there a law in place for people who have been apart this long?	Family Questions	Colorado
Law that does not protect the father&#39;s right to custody? There is a law that does not protect the father's right to custody if not married to the mother. Where can I find that law?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Legal to have a hidden camera in my hall a few months ago? I found a hidden camera in my hall a few months ago. It's inside the first step of the staircase going up to my apartment with the carpet hanging over it slightly in an attempt to conceal it (I live in a 2 story building on the second floor). It was not installed by my landlord, but rather by my neighbor downstairs on the first floor. He and his wife are paranoid. They have four cameras in the front of the building and two in their yard. They never told us about the hidden camera in the step. The cameras out front and in their yard are to deter potential burglars I'm assuming, so I feel like that hidden camera is to keep an eye on me and my family. Is this legal? I feel like it's a violation of our privacy and trust. I live in Queens, NY.	Real Estate Questions	New York
What are the grounds for seeking damages for severe emotional distress in either Florida or Connecticut? What are the grounds for seeking damages for severe emotional distress in either Florida or Connecticut? My ex broke off our engagement and wedding from a cell phone. After extensive research on my part I believe that she suffers from narcissistic personality disorder. The abuse was long term but subtle most of the time. I have many other details but exact dates are a little foggy.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What to do if my family is divided on care for my mother and I want to take care of her? What to do if my family is divided on care for my mother and I want to take care of her but everybody else want to put her in the nursing home? I also just found out today they put her in the nursing home a place she didn't want to go.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
When my last child turns 19 can i just stop paying child support or do i have to get an court order? In Alabama when my last child turns 19 can i just stop paying child support or do i have to get an court order? She is not in college and there was nothing in the divorce agreement about when support would end	Family Questions	Alabama
What are the guidelines for mobile home parks approval when someone has a criminal record? What are the guidelines for mobile home parks approval when someone has a criminal record?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Am I guilty of theft if someone gives me a laptop to repair for them and then it&#39;s stolen? If someone gives me a laptop to repair for them and it is then taken from my house by another person without my knowledge, am I guilty of theft? I am not an authorized repair center nor do I have a business, I was doing the repair as a favor	Criminal Questions	Texas
Can you get your daughter&#39;s custody as a father if you make less money than the mother? Can you get your daughter's custody as a father if you make less money than the mother?Do I have the right to stay in a home I paid the down payment for but yet I cannot pay for the mortgage for now and the house is in my ex-wife name? My ex-wife was binging my windows and door days and nights couldn't sleep: I had to get out.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What is considered normal wear on a rental property? I need to know what is considered normal wear on a rental property?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Can I still get my survey results using Freedom of Information Act? Took a survey form 60 ques. as hurdle to applying for a security job p/t on an as needed basis for a hosp. in Barrington,IL.30 min. after having taken it I was told in an e-mail I didn't pass it/could not re-apply to it or any other job involving patient contact for 6 months. HR of. in Park Ridge says they can't help me or get my score + passing score for this survey. Even though I am a volunteer for hosp. this won't affect my volunteer service in Park Ridge,IL. Can I still get my survey results using Freedom of Information Act?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What to do if i bought a car but never got the title? What to do if i bought a car but never got the title?	Consumer Questions	Rhode Island
What should I do if ex is not abiding by our separation agreement? My ex husband is not abiding by our separation agreement. He states that his income has changed and he is not able to pay for anything. What should my first step be?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
How do I get accidents taken off my driving record? How do I get accidents taken off my driving record?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
If you get fired from your job does the company have to give you your paycheck at that time? If you get fired from your job does the company have to give you your paycheck at that time?	Employment Questions	California
How should I structure my company to purchase commercial real estate and then lease it to my restaurant? How should I structure my company to purchase commercial real estate and then lease it to my restaurant?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
What are my rights about an ex-employer revealing personal info? I need help with an ex employer who provided information about my past performance and remedial report to a potential employer and because of that I was not considered for the position. What are my rights?	Employment Questions	Florida
When a house goes into short sale or foreclosure will the mortgage bank go after my assets? When a house goes into short sale or foreclosure will the mortgage bank go after my assets like my money in savings, checking, and my two classic cars? My husband passed away a month ago and I don't make enough with just my income to pay the house payments.	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
If you rent in FL and can&#39;t pay your rent how long do you have before they can kick you out? If you rent in Florida and cant pay your rent how long do you have before they can kick you out?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is LLC necessary for rental vacation home with homeowner&#39;s insurance? I own a rental vacation home.  I have homeowner's insurance and a million dollar umbrella policy.  Is an LLC necessary?  It would cost me $600 on Legal zoom.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If I am disabled and I am getting a divorce, am I entitled to free cancel? If I am disabled and I am getting a divorce, am I entitled to free cancel?	Family Questions	New York
What am I in charge of my grandmother passed away and left my incarcerated son and me as next of kin? My grandmother just passed away and she left my brother who is in prison and myself the next of kin. So O was wondering what I am in charge of?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If I want to divorce where do I start? If I want to divorce where do I start?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
If I have been living in a motel for over 90 days can they call the police to kick me out? If I have been living in a motel for over 90 days can they call the police to kick me out?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
Can the elderly get legal help for taking lien off property? Can the elderly get legal help for taking lien off property?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
What my legal position is relative to any claim for spousal support when my estranged ex filed chapter 7? I married in 2003.  My husband left three months ago to live with his son.  I bought my home in 2000 in my name and a couple of years ago the home was refinanced and my husband's name was added to the deed.  When he left, I was forced to file Chapter 7 for debt relief.  I plan to keep my home.  Both of us receive Social Security.  I would like to know what my legal position is relative to any claim for spousal support plus any claim he may have on the home.	Family Questions	California
Can a management hearing officer present the case and then give a decision on the same case? Can a management hearing officer present the case and then give a decision on the same case?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
If I am scheduled an 8 hour shift and they tell me I can go home early do I have to comply? If I am scheduled an 8 hour shift and they tell me I can go home early do I have to comply or do I have a legal right to finish my scheduled shift?	Employment Questions	Michigan
If I request my time records, are they required to give it to me? If I request my time records (punch in and out records), are they required to give it to me?	Employment Questions	New York
Can my boss offer health insurance to all of his employees and not offer it to me? Can my boss offer health insurance to all of his employees and not offer it to me? Every time I being, it up he ignores me and walks away. Is there anything I can do?	Employment Questions	Maryland
Can I deny my ex visitation if he will not stay the weekend at my ex-mother in laws? I have sole custody of my son. His father has a problem with drinking. He has been living with his mother and therefore his drinking has not been an issue.  However when he moves out it's with his friends and he goes back to old ways. Our son is 6 now, we've been divorced since he was 3 months old and this has always been an issue I've had to deal with. Constantly worry about where my son is sleeping. Is he safe? Did he have dinner? Sorry for long story but here is my question: can I deny him visitation if he will not stay the weekend at my ex-mother in laws?	Family Questions	Oregon
What does bound over to preliminary trial mean? What does bound over to preliminary trial mean?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
Possible for me to get custody back when I have two felonies? I have two felonies. Judge gave sole custody to my child's father. Is it possible for me to get custody back?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can I sue a used car dealer for fraud and misrepresentation? Can I sue a used car dealer for fraud and misrepresentation?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Texas
If I have received my first child support check for $90 for two kids, will this be a monthly check? I have just received my first child support check August 30, 2012. It was $90, for two kids. Will this be a monthly check? I haven't anymore checks since then.	Family Questions	Florida
If I get married will that emancipate me and make the custody battle automatically go away? I am 16 years old. Right now my parents are going through a custody battle for me and it's depressing me. I want to stay with my mom but my evil father HATE my mom so he teamed up with my aunt for joint custody. If I get married will that emancipate me and make this custody battle automatically go away?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my landlord sue me without a lease for wear and tear and removal of trash? My landlord gave us an30 day eviction notice, and we moved out in that time frame.  We have lived there for five years without a lease.  Now she is trying to sue me for normal wear and tear and removal of trash.  Can she sue me without a lease?	Real Estate Questions	West Virginia
What will happen when our landlord will be taking us to court for not paying our rent? Our landlord will be taking us to court for not paying our rent. What will happen when it is brought in front of a judge	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Is will made in SC still valid if I now live in FL? I have a will that was made in South Carolina in the '80's.  I am now a resident of Florida.  Is my SC will still valid?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can the FBI pick up my ex at a rehab center? My ex-husband was in an alcohol rehab center when the FBI came and picked him up. Can they do this?	Family Questions	California
Will my ex have any custody if I file for child support? Okay well I have been wondering if I should file for child support against my daughters father.  He is not on the birth certificate nor does she have his last name.  He has not really been in her life at all and she is 6 and a half months old.  He is addicted to pain pills and he gets mean while he is on them.  I have given him chances to be a part of her life and he doe not seem any interest.  I'm just wondering what if any custody he will have over her if I file for child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Nevada
what is an INS number? what is an INS number?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
If I get married and my husband doesn&#39;t have a job but he has 2 kids that are less than 18, can the ex wife go after my salary to get child support for her kids? If I get married and my husband doesn't have a job but he has 2 kids that are less than 18, can the ex wife go after my salary to get child support for her kids?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Sued for not paying my credit card debt which has doubled? I have a credit card debt which I stopped paying in July 2010 because I lost my full time job with B of A.  I am now being sued and the debt has almost doubled.  I am a single mom with a parttime job and cannot pay.	Consumer Questions	California
If I send my resume to a company and the hiring manager shares my resume with employees that make fun of the content, is that against the law in Virginia? If I send my resume to a company and the hiring manager shares my resume with employees that make fun of the content, is that against the law in Virginia?	Employment Questions	New York
Question regarding a mortgage with my ex and loaning him money for the refinance? I have a mortgage with my ex but loaned him money for the refinance before we were married.  I now have a promissory note that he hasn't paid on & I want my money	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Do I have any legal rights regarding my transfer? I have a letter of transfer from my company to move down south. My last day is July 31 over the letter and Saturday the July 28. They informed me that I would not be transferred at this time. I have given notice to my landlord have given a deposit and paid first months rent down south. Do I have any legal rights regarding this transfer?	Employment Questions	California
Can I sue the counties for a falsified jury trial? Can I sue the counties for a falsified jury trial? I recently had a very bad experience with the justice system. I went to jury a trial for a case that shouldn't have even went that far because the whole thing was a lie, and prosecution knew it.Can I sue the County for a falsified jury trial or the individual?Where do I file a claim against an individual for false accusation.Thank you	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What information can I refuse to give over the phone when filing a police report? When filing a police report should the officer be asking for ss#  or drivers license #over the phone and do I have the right to refuse to give it over the phone for Identity protection purposes	Criminal Questions	Indiana
If a company requires you to wear leather shoes with a shoe cover in a kitchen environment, do they have to provide the leather shoe? If a company requires you to wear leather shoes with a shoe cover in a kitchen environment, do they have to provide the leather shoe?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What do I need to do to prove employer retaliation? What do I need to do to prove employer retaliation?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is there a required amount of time an employer has to give you before changing which shift a person works? Is there a required amount of time an employer has to give you before changing which shift a person works?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What are the chances that a judge will allow me to move when I move to NJ while my ex is from NY? My ex and I have never been to court to dispute custody of our child. I am planning a move to NJ (from NYC), about 40 minutes away from ex's residence. He is opposed to it. I am willing to drive the child both ways for his visitations. What are the chances that a judge will allow me to move?	Family Questions	New York
Is there a certain amount of time to release a judgement once it is paid? We had a judgement filed against us by Glasser and Glasser attorneys on behalf of WellsFargo due to a foreclosure in Virginia.  We paid the judgement on 3-17-12, we have a letter from Glasser and Glasser stating the judgement is satisfied, however to date they still have not release the judgement and it is still effecting our credit.  In VA is there a certain amount of time to release a judgement once it is paid? Second, do we have any recourse against the law firm since this has now made our credit worse?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Is there anything I could do after I was fired for requesting my FMLA papers? I was fired after requesting FMLA PAPERS. I won my unemployment. Is there anything I can do about this?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Can police write that I struck a pole on a ticket when he didn&#39;t see me there in Missouri? Can police write that I struck a pole on a ticket when he didn't see me there in Missouri?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Legal if my estranged wife took my late father&#39;s car and sold it? My father owns a car with the title. He has passed away. My estranged wife took the car and sold it. Is this legal, what can be done? Thanks Richard	Family Questions	California
Does a college have to by law allow you to review an exam after it has been taken? In the state of Florida does a college have to by law allow you to review an exam after it has been taken?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can 15 year old female with parent&#39;s consent get married? Can a 15 year old girl get married with a parent's consent?	Family Questions	Georgia
Are the terms Executor &amp; POA the same? Are the terms - Executor & POA the same?Is there a financial benefit (if that is the correct term) from being one?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
What is the age limit for child support in GA? What is the age limit for child support in GA?	Family Questions	Georgia
Rights about the landlord entering my room and removing the locks if I pay the hotel a weekly rate? I live in a hotel that I pay a weekly rate. I want to know my rights about the landlord entering my room and removing the lock on my front door?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Can I sue if my hair was severely damaged by a hair stylist? My hair was severely damaged by a hair stylist.  Can I sue her for this?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Does the father lose any rights since he moved out? My babies dad and i bought a house together about 2 1/2 years ago. He currently moved out but still wants to keep paying half of the house payment. Does he lose any rights since he moved out?	Real Estate Questions	California
What age in the state of Ohio can a child have a say in a divorce? What age in the state of Ohio can a child have a say in a divorce?	Family Questions	Ohio
What to do if my work isn&#39;t paying me fairly or refusing to give me breaks before I was fired? I was working for 60 dollars a day from 7:30 in the morning till 9:00 at night. I didn't get any breaks and was supposed to get paid at the end of the month and never did but got let go. What should I do?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is it legal to charge for change in cemetery plot which I inherited? I inherited an unused cemetery plot which I want to sell but that cemetery wants $200 to change, is this legal?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Do I still have to pay child support if they are 18 and have two part-time jobs? I live in New York State, Onondaga County. I am the non-custodial parent. I have a child who is 18 years old. The child dropped out of college and moved home with his mother who also lives in onondaga county. The child has two part time jobs. Do I still have to pay child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How would a 16 year old go about becoming emancipated from an abusive solo parent? In Illinois, how would a 16 year old go about becoming emancipated from an abusive parent who has sole custody?	Family Questions	Illinois
Legal for my mobile home park to force me to take my lot rent payment out of my bank electronically? is it legal for my mobile home park to force me to take my lot rent payment out of my bank electronically?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How can I remove child support if my 18-year-old son is not going to school? My oldest child of four is eighteen since 3-14-12. I have been paying child support on him to this day. He is not schooling and has no plans to. I want to remove him from support. As the final judgement papers explain I am obligated until children are eighteen. Twenty two if schooling. Can I stop paying on him and decrease the weekly amount o cover the remaining three children? My ex thinks I need a modification order to stop paying on him. This is not a dollar amount modification as it is a legal obligation that I have met by him being eighteen.	Family Questions	Georgia
What to do if I was pulled over and searched but not charged? I live in AL was pulled over and searched. A pipe and baggy was found was released and not charged. Can I be arrested later on that?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
If I worked for a couple and I was entitled my vacation, can they refuse? I worked with a couple for three years I was entitled to take my vacation and they terminated me and they said they can't pay me for it. Is that true?	Employment Questions	District of Columbia
Question regarding dept of revenue and my child with his absent father? my question is my child was born 9 years ago and i never had a relationship with his father because he took off. My child only has my last name and I and my fiance of 9 years have always taken full responsibility of my child since he was born and because i applied for medicaid. Now they are sending me to dept of revenue and i didn't agree to that. What can I do?	Family Questions	Florida
I received 2nd solicitation from Getty Images $,3000.00 for 3 images my webmaster put into site. All other pics were my originals. A google search-scam, poor business ethics, NY lawyer who would handle case. Pics were copyrighted after site created charges for back fees. Pay, scam, negotiate?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it illegal for a company to change the date on a month old check? Is it illegal for a company to change the date on a month old check?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Is father allowed to change my child&#39;s school district without my permission if we have joint custody? Is the father of my child allowed to change my daughter's school district without my permission if we have joint legal custody and joint placement? Today is his day to have her and school starts tomorrow.  He is not bringing her to the school where she was in last year.  He claims he is putting her in a different school district.  He filed court papers but we do not have a court date set yet.	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Question regarding my unmarried and pregnant daughter listing the father on the certificate? My daughter is pregnant and unmarried.  She has not decided if she wants to list the father on the birth certificate or if she wants to use his last name for the baby.  Legal significance either way?	Family Questions	Florida
What to do if they won&#39;t release my trust fund on my 21st birthday? I have  a trust fund and it was supposed to be released on my 21st birthday and they wont release it. My birthday was 7-22.	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
If a private lawyer who also works as a public defender gets convicted of a felony DUI with child endangerment, is he disbarred?	Administrative Law Questions,Criminal Questions	Texas
Can an unmarried woman take her child out of the country if the father says no? Can an unmarried woman take her child out of the country if the father says no?	Family Questions	New Jersey
What to do I want to get something off my record? What to do I want to get something off my record?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Can a beneficiary&#39;s percentage of an irrevocable trust be changed in Massachusetts? Can a beneficiary's percentage of an irrevocable trust be changed in Massachusetts?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
If I decide to list myself using a flat fee listing agency, will I owe my previous agent a fee? My contract with my listing agent expires today.  If I decide to list myself using a flat fee listing agency, will I owe my previous agent a fee if a buyer saw my house while it was listed under the previous listing contract?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
I need help with a will? I need help with a will?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Is it legal for my employer to keep me awake for 24 hours in a medical profession? Is it legal for my employer to keep me awake for 24 hours in a medical profession?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Recourse if the husband of my late sister won&#39;t pay for his kids&#39; college and is done with them at 19? I live in Virginia with my husband and three children. My husband's sister died in September. We have guardianship over her children, 18 and 17. The 18 year old is starting college in a few weeks. The father has always paid child support and we were expecting him to pay 1/3 of college as per the divorce decree. All runs through the Indiana courts. He is now saying that Indiana passed an emancipation from child support when the children are 19. He says that he won't pay any of college and he is done when the kids turn 19. Do we have any recourse?	Family Questions	Virginia
Is there documentation that states that any parent may visit their children regardless if child support has been paid or not? is there documentation that states that any parent may visit their children regardless if child support has been paid or not?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Can P.E. be replaced as a learning time for asperger/autistic children? Can P.E. be replaced as a learning time for asperger/autistic children? The child is way behind in learning and has TKD 5 times a week for 2-3- hours can we subsitute P.E. with education?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Is it legal in GA or can you become emancipated from a sibling? Is it legal in GA or can you become emancipated from a sibling?	Family Questions	Georgia
Are we required to work overtime? If we work 40 hours a week, and our employer "mandates" overtime. Are we required to work the extra time over?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How can I get a medical power of attorney so I can speak for my mother who had a stroke? My mother had a stroke three days ago and now she is unable to speak for herself. How can I get a Living will or a medical power of attorney so I can speak for her?	Family Questions	New York
Is an employer obligated by law to provide a record of my hours every time I clock in or out? Is an employer obligated by law to provide a record of my hours every time I clock in or out?	Employment Questions	California
Can I request police video from a previous traffic stop? Can I request police video from a previous traffic stop?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
If an hourly employee works 7 hours during the work day, would he/she normally receive a lunch break, and if so, after how many hours worked and how long a break? If an hourly employee works seven (7) hours during the work day, would he/she normally receive a lunch break, and if so, after how many hours worked and how long a break?Thank you.	Employment Questions	Illinois
If I file out the head of household exemption form will that keep my wages and bank account safe? My wages are in danger of being garnished. If I file out the head of house hold exemption form will that keep my wages and bank account safe and for how long?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Neighbors riding bikes in what I consider my yard. I know that in South Carolina, utility companies have rights of 15 feet along the streets of our property. Does the neighbors have the right to ride up and  down with their dirt bikes making ruts and killing the grass in what I consider our yard?	Personal Injury Questions,Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
Can I get my tv back since its in my name and I&#39;m paying for it? I sold an a tv to a friend for $2,000.00. We both wrote the total he would pay down and both signed it. He was aware that I had to make monthly payments on it because I had to pay off the loan. He stopped paying me the money he owed me and now I have to pay for the a tv. Can I get my tv back since its in my name and I'm paying for it? He still owes me $442 and refuses to pay it?	Consumer Questions	New York
Does my lawyer receive 20% of my weekly pay from workman&#39;s comp? Does my lawyer receive 20% of my weekly pay from workman's comp?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Question regarding my husband and I going through a divorce? My husband and I are considering a divorce. We don't have much as far as equity, but I am unsure of the steps to take in this situation.	Family Questions	California
How does my friend get a warranty deed to sell the home when his late father had no will? My friend's father died. No will but quick claimed the deed of home to him. His grandfather quick claimed the same property to his father. How does my friend get awarranty deedto sell the home?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I get a domestic case against my husband dropped without being prosecuted? Can I get a domestic case against my husband dropped without being prosecuted for filing a false police report?	Family Questions	West Virginia
Possible if my husband wants to not grant a survivorship for our house to me on his will? My husband wants to not grant a survivorship for our house to me on his will.  Is it possible?	Family Questions	Virginia
Is there a statue of limitations for taking my ex back to court for half of his military retirement? I was wondering if there is a statue of limitations for taking my ex-husband back to court for half of his militaryretirement?  We were married for 20 years and that whole time he was in the military. He retired with 20 years.	Family Questions	Virginia
Legal for a company not to pay for over four months? I have worked in a Doctor's office since January 16 and they still haven't paid me. Is that legal ?	Employment Questions	California
What to do if my ex won&#39;t pay her share of retirement settlement she owes as per divorce decree? What are my next steps if my ex won't pay her share of retirement settlement she owes as per divorce decree?	Family Questions	Nevada
When a tenant moves out who is responsible for painting the walls? When a tenant moves out who is responsible for painting the walls?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it okay to have five individual tenants rent the house? I have a house for rent in queens new york.  Is it okay to have five individual tenants rent the house?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Question regarding a nurse at a home care agency? As a nurse at a home care agency, if I'm told I will be paid a certain rate for a task, and it's in writing, but a year later the CEO tells the nurses, they need to pay her back this money. Does she have the right to do this?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Any downside of your real estate appraisal coming in higher than your purchase price? Is there any downside of your real estate appraisal coming in higher than your purchase price?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If I report my overtime wages for which I did not get paid, can my employer terminate me? If I report my overtime wages for which I did not get paid, can my employer terminate me?	Employment Questions	Indiana
How do I find a certain law and get it to apply to what I am recording? Each document presented for recording MUST include or comply with the following general requirements:When I tried to record an Affidavit I was told that I could not do that.The document must be authorized or required by law to be recorded. (GC 29201) How do I find this law and get it to apply to what I am recording?	Real Estate Questions	California
What can your previous employer tell a potential employer about reason for termination of company? What can your previous employer tell a potential employer about reason for termination of their company?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
If I want to get away from my parents how old can I be? If I want to get away from my parents how old can I be? I am 15.	Family Questions	Iowa
Question regarding a parenting plan with my ex? I have a parenting plan with my ex husband and it states he gets my son every other sat from 9-5 and it is his Saturday tomorrow but my grandfather passed away. We're having a family dinner before my mother flies out for the funeral. do I have a right to keep him with me tomorrow being that I'm the sole custody parent?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I move out of state without going to court or should I go to court and get custody of my son first? I live in Florida. My son is 10 months old and the father has not seen him sense he was a month old nor has had no contact with him. There is no court order of any kind. I want to know if i can move out of state to Kentucky without getting into trouble with the father or the courts? The father has several charges of drugs and domestic violence and he fled Ohio with him still on probation. He has 3 other children in Ohio that he hasn't seen in 2 years. He has a no contact order in Ohio for the other 3 kids. What should i do? Can i move out of state without going to court or should i go to court and get custody of my son first?	Family Questions	Florida
Do I have the right to a speedy trial? Do I have the right to a speedy trial?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Is it mandatory that I leave my home during separation or divorce? Is it mandatory that I leave my home during separation or divorce?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Do landlords in Florida have to provide pest service? Do landlords in Florida have to provide pest service?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can my employer be held responsible for injury if i work a 1099? Can my employer be held responsible for injury if i work a 1099?	Employment Questions	California
What to do if I have been served papers about a judgement for non payment of timeshare? I have been served papers about a judgement for non payment of timeshare.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What does community supervision mean? What does community supervision mean?	Family Questions	Ohio
What are my options if the bank demands home loan in full? What are my options if the bank demands home loan in full?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I&#39;m involved in a business with my father and he gets locked up, does the landlord have the right to deny me access to the business by means of locking me out? If he does can I cut or remove the lock to gain access?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Missouri
What are my best options to handle a situation when my boyfriend sold my gold property? My boyfriend dealt in gold and silver. He knew this business very well.  He taught me a little about this market but still I didn't trust myself to do my own investing. When the silver market would go down he would tell me that it was time to buy. I would do a $10,000 dollar investment. In other words I would give him $10,000 cash and he would by that in silver coins. I did this at 4 different times with a total of $40,000. This was over a period of a little over 2 years. When the silver prices kept going up I was wondering why he never suggested to sell. Well when I just actually confronted him he said he no longer had it because he got into a financial bind and already sold it. What are my best options to handle this situation?	Criminal Questions,Finance Questions	Oklahoma
Question regarding injury at work and had 2 back surgeries WC denied me cause my work didn&#39;t file? I got hurt at work had 2 back surgeries WC denied me cause my work didn't file. I was on release and they fired me. I'm on mental disability and was trying to get off work. My lawyer talked over my head all the time and at settlement he wouldn't let anyone with me to help me understand before i sign or anything. He kept at me over over and over again till my mind was confused and signed. I want to reopen if i can this case because its well worth more than 18k 3yrs of hurting, 2 surgeries, cant work my life is all messed up. please help	Personal Injury Questions	Alabama
If my son was in an accident and offered $30,000, does that affect my son&#39;s insurance? I am on social security where I receive medical insurance through welfare for my kids and myself. My son was in a car accident. Now they are offering my son thirty thousand dollars. Does that affect my son's insurance? And do I have to report money that he receive for his injuries?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Do I need a lawyer for a forecloser and notice to quit 71 hours? Do I need a lawyer for a fore closer andnotice to quit71 hours? I can't afford a lawyer.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
If  my stepmother dies, do I have any rights to the house they own or will stepbrother get everything? Hello, my dad passed one year ago. He remarried and left no will. His wife (my stepmother) has not worked since 1986. They own the home she is living now. She as a son from her first marriage (my stepbrother). If my stepmother dies, do I have any rights to the house they own or will stepbrother come out with everything my dad has worked for. They were married 38 years. Since my dad died, she had nothing to do with (us) side of family.	Family Questions	Indiana
Husband left and filed for divorce, spouse has no funds for attorney. I am a pastor who was just contacted by a member of my congregation with 2 questions:1.  Her husband had an affair and left her 3 months ago and is filing for divorce.  She has no funds for an attorney.  Any options for her?2.  She does not want to give out her current address to her estranged husband but he says it is required.  What address information must she provide.Thanks,Jim Bowe	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there any thing I can do to get help since I got rejected for housing choice voucher? I recently applied for housing choice voucher, had ten day's to appeal and it's been 1 month. I haven't heard anything and the receptionist told me to wait 72 hours. Still no letter. I'm homeless w/ 2 kids working as a nurse assistant. Is there anything I can do to get help? I feel like I've been criminalized.	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
If someone has a General Durable Power of Attorney in Indiana can they make medical decisions? If someone has aGeneral Durable Power of Attorneyin Indiana can they make medical decisions or only financial decisions?	Family Questions	Indiana
If my husband has Alzheimer &amp; doesn&#39;t want to sign anything, what kind will would I need to protect me? If my husband has Alzheimer and doesn't want to sign anything, what kind of will would I need to protect myself and the kids ?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What does it mean when a landlord says they will pay a tenant a fee of legal eviction? What does it mean when a landlord says they will pay a tenant a fee of legal eviction?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
How do I evict someone from my property who&#39;s allowed to park his trailer only, but now living in it? How do I evict someone from my property who has been allowed to park his trailer only, but now is living in the trailer.	Criminal Questions	Oregon
Do I have to pay child support if my 16-year-old refuses to come home? NC 16 year old refuses to come home living with one of her friends. Do I have to pay child support?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Question regarding paying permits for my sister&#39;s property in 1988? My sister bought property in 1988. I put a mobile home on the property. She has lived here since then and has paid nothing towards the mortgage on the home. She is building a house since the land was subdivided in April, 2012 and has presented me a bill for her permits. Why do I have to pay for her permits?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What do I do if the landlord only put half a tank and she wants 300.00 from me? i moved in this house it had no oil to heat the water or for heat. What do I do if the landlord only put half a tank and she wants 300.00 from me? Is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I sponsor someone who is illegal in this country? I am a citizen 25 years old.  Can I sponsor someone who is illegal in this country?	Immigration Questions	Texas
Question regarding working as a lumper in the state of GA? i work as a lumper (load and unload semi truck trailers) in the state of ga.  it is a lot of heavy lifting manual labor and heavy machinery operation.  my question is... is there any kind of requirement (due to the physical nature of this job) pertaining to breaks paid/unpaid? our typical shift is 7-9 hours and we average anywhere between a 5-20 minute break in a day after working a minimum of 6 hours in that day.	Employment Questions	Georgia
What is the legal time they should have told me my schedule has changed? My work schedule for Monday's are from 3:30-9:00pm.I teach gymnastics. It takes me an hour and fifteen minutes to drive to work. I was just text by the owners son that he gave the girls the night off so that means I would work from 3:30-5:45pm. He text at 1:30pm. I. Then text the manager and he said the owner was supposed to contact me to tell me that my schedule was changed to 2:30-8:00pm. I never received a text or a call from the owner. The only reason why I found out my schedule changed is because I text the manager.The manager told be to come into work at 1:45 to work at 2:30.What is the legal time they should have told me my schedule has changed?	Employment Questions	California
Can a teacher create a &quot;packet&quot; of poems from vaious sources and distribute the same packet year after year to classes as part of a poetry unit? None	Copyright Questions	Illinois
Does Canada have 83b equivalent? Does Canada have 83b equivalent?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	California
Do I need any legal forms signed from the beneficiaries when distribution of my mother&#39;s estate? I am settling my mother's estate in Georgia  Do I need any legal forms signed from the beneficiaries when distribution is made?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Possible to have a hearing in court system or parole board for reconsideration of parole eligibility? My husband was sentenced to 20 years no parole eligibility in the state of Louisiana, he has served 10 years of that sentence. Is it possible to have a hearing in court system or parole board for reconsideration of his parole eligibility?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
If my 2nd floor condo tests positive for radon, are the results sent to the state of Florida? If my 2nd floor condo tests positive for radon, are the results sent to the state of florida?  Can I then have a retest to dispute the results and clear the condo of radon ?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Am I liable if I allow a license driver to drive my insured vehicle that I&#39;m leasing in Michigan? Am I liable if I allow a license driver to drive my insured vehicle that I'm leasing in Michigan?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Can boss&#39;s boss correct evaluation because it was too good? I recently got my annual evaluation (4 of 5) at the job I have been at for 1 year. It was signed and filed away so I thought. Now, 2 weeks later, I get an email from my boss's boss telling me that the evaluation was too good and needed to reviewed my my boss and corrected. Is this legal?	Administrative Law Questions,Corporate Questions,Employment Questions	North Carolina
Does unemployment pay a month in advance or do they pay a month behind? My boyfriend applied & qualified for unemployment compensation benefits mid August 2011 and received a check. However, he was hired by a new company late August 2011, but did not start getting paid until September 9, 2011.  Florida Unemployment now wants him to repay the only payment he received from them.  Does unemployment pay a month in advance? Or do they pay a month behind?  Thank you so much, for having this website.	Employment Questions	Florida
If I want to squat on an abandoned home &amp; would like to know what I need to do so I can do it legally? I would like to squat on an abandoned home in Ct and would like to know what I need to do so I can do it legally?	Real Estate Questions	District of Columbia
What do I need to do to be able to give up my parental rights? What do I need to do to be able to give up my parental rights? I currently pay child support and insurance.	Family Questions	Texas
At what age in NY state will a person have to pay support for his child while living with her mom? At what age in NY state will a person have to pay support for his child while living with her mom?	Family Questions	New York
How do I regain property that a state is holding for my deceased father?	Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If one spouse inherits property during their marriage is the other legally due equal shares of inheritance? If one spouse inherits property or money during their marriage is the other spouse legally due equal shares of inheritance in the state of Florida?	Family Questions	Florida
Financially cut off by husband Can I get my husband to stop cutting me and my kids off financially?	Family Questions	California
If you have an aggravated battery &amp; a robbery, will it only get you supervised visits with your kid? if you have an aggravated battery charge and a robbery with out gun or deadly weapon with that make it so you only get supervised visits with your kid?	Immigration Questions	Florida
If I am terminated, does the employer have to give me my pay on the spot? If I am terminated, does the employer have to give me my pay on the spot?	Employment Questions	Indiana
How many days does a landlord have to return a reason why the security deposit is not returned? In Utah, how many days does a landlord have to either return or send in writing a detailed reason why the security deposit is not returned?	Real Estate Questions	Utah
Does child support cover clothes for school? Does child support cover clothes for school?	Family Questions	Michigan
Is wife legally responsible for husband&#39;s back child support? Can a wife be held legally responsible for her husband's back child support?	Family Questions	Oregon
If I forget to punch in on our time clock does my employer have to still pay me for time worked? If I forget to punch in on our time clock does my employer have to still pay me for time worked?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Should I pursue the name change? Hello, My name is James Jones, I recently sent off for and received my birth certificate, Which reads James Wideman, my Dads name, I have been using my mothers maiden name my whole life.  Also when I was  younger I had a copy of my original Which had my name as Jones, on the certificate, Born in NY State, Utica,  Should I pursue the name change? Help, open for suggestions	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If I&#39;m in the process of trying to rent a home &amp; he&#39;s out of state, how can I make sure this isn&#39;t a scam? I'm in the process of trying to rent a home. The man I'm trying to rent from is out of state. How can I make sure this isn't a scam?	Real Estate Questions	Idaho
How much commission should I receive from putting a manufacturer in contact with a national company? How much commission should I receive from putting a manufacturer in contact with a national company?	Employment Questions	California
Can the general contractor enforce provisions in its subcontract to me that states the laws of a state other than New York will govern the terms and conditions of the subcontract? I'm a subcontractor entering into a subcontract for a construction project located with in New York State. Can the general contractor, who has its headquarters in a state other than New York, enforce provisions in its subcontract to me that states the laws of a state other than New York will govern the terms and conditions of the subcontract?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
With work injuries, will they have to pay if i go on my own time? With work injuries, will they have to pay if i go on my own time?	Personal Injury Questions	Missouri
What to do if a carrier made a mistake and is now making me pay an additional charge? I wanted to upgrade my son's phone to an iPhone for his birthday. I contacted my carrier and was quoted one hundred dollars for the phone if I upgraded his current account. Six days later the manager of the store calls to inform me that a new employee made a mistake and upgraded me one year before I was eligible and that I owe them an additional two hundred and fifty dollars. What should I do?	Family Questions	California
Is my loan still protected under California&#39;s Non-Recourse protection? I have a VA home loan in California. Unfortunately my family and I have to leave the home. I have refinanced the loan using the VA Streamline Refinance program, (IRRL) 3 times over the last several years. My question is, is this loan still protected under California's Non-Recourse protection?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can an emergency room refuse to treat you? Can an emergency room refuse to treat you?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How long does it take a small claim? Hi. My name is Karina. How long does it take a small claim?	Consumer Questions	California
I recently moved from my apartment to down size and had to pay an early termination fee. I set this up in their attorney&#39;s office and everything was agreed upon to avoid going to court. I have been paying each month on time. When I pulled my credit report, I see a judgment on there for the amount. What should I do?	Consumer Questions	Maryland
Landlord broke into barn and house without me present. My landlord broke the lock off my barn and went in my house without me being there. In a non emergency, what are my rights to this?	Leasing Questions,Privacy Questions	Georgia
If I&#39;ve been separated for 7 years and I have legal separation papers am I divorced? If I've been separated for 7 years and I have legal separation papers am I divorced?	Family Questions	North Carolina
What do I do if my son is sick and the weather is bad but his father has temporary visitation somewhere else? I have a temporary visitation order with my 11-month son's dad. He is scheduled to let him have an overnight tonight however my son is sick and the snow is so bad that even the courts are closed. I think it would not be in my son's best interest to go but I don't know if I will get in trouble because I can't get a hold of the courts I don't know what to do. Please help?	Family Questions	Colorado
My name is John Norton and I am starting a daily deals coupon website just like Groupon, Living Social, Buywithme. Is it legal in the state of Texas for my customers over 21 to redeem their vouchers for alcohol if alcohol is sold at the business where they are redeeming the vouchers?	Administrative Law Questions	Texas
How can I legally change my daughter&#39;s last name from my ex&#39;s to mine without obtaining a lawyer? I have a daughter who is 11 her father did sign her birth certificate, however he is not and has not been apart of her life since 07/04/2001. When he left he moved out of state without leaving any contact information. How can I legally change her last name from his to mine without obtaining a lawyer?	Family Questions	Alabama
Am I supposed to get paid double time if this is not a regularly scheduled workday? I am an hourly wage employee. My company is telling me I have to work on a Sunday. Am I supposed to get paid double time if this is not a regularly scheduled workday?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What&#39;s the law when I got approved to buy a car with $2000 down payment, but now want the car back because I don&#39;t have sufficient income? I got approved to buy a car and paid $2000 down. I have had the car for two weeks and now they're tell me I don't have sufficient income. They want the car back. What's the law about this?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
If my relative robbed my house, can I sue them when they are prosecuted? If my relative robbed my house, can I sue them when they are prosecuted?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Son not allowed to see mother who has full custody in hospital. My sister has full physical custody of her son. She is in the hospital and he will not take her son to see her or let her family see him. Does she have rights?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Where to find samples of rebuttal to SOR? Where can I find a sample document of a rebuttal to an SOR (statement of reason) to use as a guide to write my own?	Litigation Law Questions	New York
Can you get fired for handing back a check to the customer on accident and pay it out of your pocket? Can you get fired for handing back a check to the customer on accident in retail and pay it out of your pocket?  The customer brought it back and they made over hundred dollars on it.  The manager was aware and risks to loose there job to after telling there boss	Employment Questions	Illinois
What happens when the landlord has the gas bill under his name and even after paying my portion of the bill gas gets turned off because the landlord did not pay? What happens when the landlord has the gas bill under his name and even after paying my portion of the bill gas gets turned off because the landlord did not pay?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Is there a limit as to how many hours per day you have to work? Is there a limit as to how many hours per day you have to work?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my children sue their fathers for back payments since the statue of limitation is up at 21 years old? Can my children sue their fathers for back payments since the statue of limitation is up at 21 years old?	Family Questions	Mississippi
Who has the right to maintain road on ingress/egress? Who has the right to maintain road on ingress/egress?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I need to be on the mortgage with my daughter if I am on the property title? Do I need to be on the mortgage with my daughter if I am on the property title?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Am I entitled to my security deposit or am I considered to be holding over and not entitled to it? I live in an apartment where the year lease expired 30 days ago. I have contacted the landlord on three occasions to resign the lease and he has failed to do so.So I am deciding to move. Am I entitled to my security deposit or am I considered to be holding over and not entitled to my deposit?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Can you get ticketed or fined for trash flying out of the back of your truck? In the state of GA, can you get ticketed or fined for trash flying out of the back of your truck?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Question regarding adopting my step-daughter with the biological mother/my wife? I am attempting to adopt my step-daughter with the biological mother, my wife, in Georgia.  I have been looking at what I have to do, and I see that in some articles they say that the biological father must be notified unless he has failed to establish paternity, which in this case he is not on the birth certificate, nor given her any financial support.  But I have also read that it does not matter if the biological father is established and must be contacted, but what is the actual process?  I have supported our 5-year-old daughter since the end of 2008, and I have been the main provider.	Family Questions	Georgia
Would I have to sell/share this with my spouse if I get a divorce? I inherited a family home 10 years ago.  It is a co-op.  I am the only shareholder.   I paid off the mortgage ($50,000) upon inheriting the home.  I have paid all bills pertaining to this home.... (utilities, taxes, co-op fees).  Would I have to sell/share this with my spouse if I get a divorce?   I live in NYC.Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I legally pay my spouse for accounting related to the estate &amp; also physical labor at a property left in the estate I would like to know, as the administrator of an estate, if I can legally pay my spouse for accounting related to the estate & also physical labor at a property left in the estate (fixing it up to sell it)?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
If my mom needs long term care, can the facility take the house to pay for care? I bought a house with my mom in 2004.  The mortgage is in her name but I have aquit claim deed samplewith my name.  If she needs long term care, can the facility take the house to pay for care?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What time can an ex husband come with the police to get property? What time can an ex husband come with the police to get property?	Family Questions	New York
Can property manager charge for unpaid legal fees if never gone to court? Can a property manager charge you for an unpaid legal fees when you never went to court? We paid our rent late for the month of Nov. The full amount & late fees & the property manager cashed the money order that was marked rent & took $500 out for legal fees then say we have a balance $474 for rent.	Leasing Questions,Legal Questions,Real Estate Questions	New York
If I get remarried, does my new spouse&#39;s income affect my child support I pay from a previous marriage? If I get remarried, does my new spouse's income affect my child support I pay from a previous marriage?	Family Questions	West Virginia
Where do I go for help if my apartment is dilapidated and I&#39;m looking to move? I live in a apartment. I'm looking to leave the place as it's falling in ceiling, water is damaged and cracks all down my walls. Where do I go for help?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
Can a union organization force a retired member to disclose social security information in order to obtain information on member? I live in Florida. I belong to a union organization. I retired this year and continue working non-union. The work I do is not in conflict as I see it. They are saying that the type of work can not include work covered by a collective bargaining agreement or trade jurisdiction in a related building trade. They are saying that the fund performs periodic and random reviews of benefits with an authorization to check my employment record maintained by social security administration. If I fail to comply my benefits will be suspended. Can a union organization force a retired member to disclose social security information in order to obtain information on member, in order to disqualified him from retirement benefits from such organization?	Employment Questions	Florida
Question regarding my son working at a local restaurant which was cited for roach manifestation? My son works at a local restaurant which was recently cited for roach manifestation. The local news went there and since the owner was not present , my son answered the questions. They then aired the interview along with his picture. Is this legal or does he have to sign a release?	Employment Questions	Florida
What steps do you have to take to adopt a child if you live out of state from where the child is and you are a family member of the child in question? What steps do you have to take to adopt a child if you live out of state from where the child is and you are a family member of the child in question? I have tried getting a lawyer and I have 60 to 90 days to have everything in order and I just got the paper work Friday afternoon from social service.	Family Questions	Colorado
If I am in a friend&#39;s mobile home and not on the lease can he make me leave immediately or must he give me a 5 day notice? If I am in a friend's mobile home and not on the lease can he make me leave immediately or must he give me a 5 day notice?  I received mail that he gives me out of his mail box and have been their for more than 4 months.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
What to do if I&#39;ve been having an electric problem for 3 months and the landlord hasn&#39;t done anything? I've been having an electric problem for 3 months. I called the landlord once a week but nothing is being done. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Question about moving and foreclosure? my boyfriend and I had to move out of our house because of a foreclosure, we had found a house to rent and put a $900 deposit down We signed a paper stating that we had paid that deposit for said address for a lease term from April 1st 2012 to April 1st 2013. It was a receipt that we paid a deposit. We were told that we were not going to sign a lease until we moved in. Two weeks before we were to move in the bank decided that they were not going to pay us to move. We were relying on this money to pay our soon to be new landlord first and last months rent. So we told her we couldn't move and now she will not give us our deposit back. Do we have any rights? Should our money be returned?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
I rented my RV to an ex-boyfriend doing gate guarding in the Texas Oil Fields. He has not paid one payment and is behind two months. He bullied me into writing 3 or 4 different agreements over a period of four months. On last one, he forced me to write and agree to it. Do I need to go to court?	Contract Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Texas
Is there anyway I can get out of a marriage and not be responsible for the house payment? Is there anyway I can get out of a marriage and not be responsible for the house payment as he doesn't want to sell and can't afford it on his own?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Can I be forced to take a test on a Saturday and not be paid to attend by my employer? Can I be forced to take a test on a Saturday and not be paid to attend by my employer?	Employment Questions	Florida
Is refusal of partial payment a condition that makes the bill payed in full? I sent an air conditioner contractor a partial payment for the bill I owed.  He sent my check back and told me in the letter I had to send him two or three equal payments.  Is refusal of partial payment a condition that makes the bill payed in full?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How do I appeal an alimony case in Virginia if I live in Colorado? How do I appeal an alimony case in Virginia if I live in Colorado?	Family Questions	Colorado
What documents have to be on file for a business to charge interest on an unpaid account balance? In the State of Indiana what kind of documents have to be on file for a business to charge interest on an unpaid account balance?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
Can we get out of the contract &amp; get another company to do the work? We had a new septic system installed August 2009. It had problems & needs to be replaced (about $3000). Tenants live in the house and are threatening to move unless it is fixed soon. The septic company who installed it blames the manufacturer, who in turn, blames them. No one will pay, so we felt we HAD to pay or lose our tenants.  We paid $400 for the permit. I signed a contract to start work. We feel victimized.  I've written several e-mails to the company telling them how I felt and how WE did nothing wrong.  We e-mailed them within 3 days to stop the contract. We have no confidence in their work anymore. No work was done.  Can we get out of the contract & get another company to do the work? Can we sue the first company for the repairs?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Aunt claims I was cyberbullying due to disagreement. My aunt and I had a disagreement over texts and emails. She is now threatening me with cyber bullying. There were no threats at all during our conversations, just a disagreement, can I really get into trouble over this?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Can a landlord force a tenant to get renter&#39;s insurance and can they force them to move on that fact? Can a landlord force a tenant to get renter's insurance and can they force them to move on that fact?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
how do I give up my rights to my child? How do I give up my rights to my child?	Family Questions	Georgia
Question regarding buying my home in New Jersey in July 2010 at an as is auction? I bought my home in new jersey in July 2010 at an as is auction. When I bought the property there was an insurance policy on Tue under ground storage tank and my wife thought she paid the premium but didn't. We were never notified by the insurance company or prior owner that it was up for renewal. I had to remigrate 320 tons of contaminated soil from the property this week. Am I solely responsible for this?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Question about the price of a new truck I bought? I bought a new truck Friday.  At first they said I'd need to pay $500 down and sign a $500 promissory note.  We worked on the deal back and forth all day and I went and got a check for the amount of the loan $36000.  Today the dealership called me about the $1000 down payment.  I looked and thepurchase ordersays $1000 down payment.  No one asked me for any money or card or anything.  I didn't know they still wanted $1000.  I have the keys and have been driving it all weekend.  All the registration is converted over.  What should I do?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Can I be classified as non-exempt and still be paid on a salary basis? Can I be classified as non-exempt in Illinois and still be paid on a salary basis?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can an employer make you sing a &quot;make up time request form&quot; if you want to make up hours of work? Can an employer make you sing a "make up time request form" if you want to make up a couple of hours of work? I missed and when I filled it out I then made up the 2 hours but they didn't pay me because they said by law the hours have to be made up in the same week, I missed 2 hours on a Friday evening and made them up the following Monday, had the form filled out & singed by my supervisor but did not get paid. Can you help?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What are penal codes 457 and 489 in the state of CA, and what kind of punishment can be expected? What are penal codes 457 and 489 in the state of CA, and what kind of punishment can be expected?	Criminal Questions	California
If a man that owes a lot of child support remarries is his spouse liable for any monies owed on his support? If a man that owes a lot of child support remarries is his new spouse liable for any monies owed on his child support?	Personal Injury Questions	North Carolina
What is the definition of an unexplained day off of work? What is the definition of an unexplained day off of work?	Employment Questions	New York
What can I do to make my ex help with support of our daughter after I gave him everything in the divorce? I just went through a divorce. I agreed with everything my husband wanted. I left with nothing. My daughter and I are living with my mother. I really thought he would help with support with my daughter. I really need help from him. What can I do to get help from him. Also how much should he pay in child support?	Family Questions	Missouri
Question regarding living in an income based apartment and recently was fired? I live in a income based apartment and recently I was fired. I report it to my apartment complex and they said they need proof he did not give me a letter of dismissal nor will he respond to my apartment complexes phone calls. What should an can I do?	Employment Questions	Michigan
How can I remove my name from a civil suit by a landlord if my mom signed my name on the lease? How can I remove my name from a civil suit by a landlord if my mom signed my name on the lease? Also, I was only supposed to be put down as a student.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
is it legal for my dog to defecate on my neighbor&#39;s lawn? is it legal for my dog to defecate on my neighbor's lawn?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Who can I call for free legal aid if my bank notified yesterday that they were foreclosing on my home? I was notified yesterday the Bank of America was foreclosing on my home. Who can I call for free legal aid?Jim Bannon	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Land Ownership Question? Hello we have a question about land ownership. We were told if we paid the land tax for the property for 5 years, that piece of property becomes ours? Basically we have family property and the uncle wants us to pay him for his piece of property. we have lived here for 10 years paying the bill. Does it still belong to him?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can just pay the victim 10k so that I won&#39;t be in violation of the court&#39;s order or probation? I had a criminal sentencing in Florida and the judge ordered restitution in the amount of $191,000 along with 5 years of probation the 1st 2 yrs being on curfew. The restitution has to be paid back at least 10k per year.  I am awaiting 401k proceeds. Although it was represented to the court that I would turn those funds over to the victim, it is not part of the court's order. I would like to know if I can just pay the victim 10k until the 401k funds are used up so that I won't be in violation of the court's order or probation? I have searched for a job at 55 locations but don't think I will be hired due to being a felon.  I would appreciate your advice.  Thank you.	Criminal Questions	Florida
Legal for my employer to go through my emails? I was let go from my job - separation agreement - and my email address from that employer is still active and my old boss has been looking at all of my email and new ones coming through.  Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Utah
Can employer deliberately direct deposit my workers comp? My employer deliberately direct deposited what I normally make each month at the same time when I was receiving workers comp insurance payments. I feel that this was done to ensure the normal monthly deductions that were funded with taxed income, then refunded the overpayment to it self claiming it was a refund of the overpayment but left the deductions in place, which can not be legal because it causes me to pay taxes and other deductions on money that is not taxable. I live in California and want to know if it's illegal to do this?	Employment Questions	California
if I file for divorce in CA and it&#39;s uncontested, do I need to show up in court? if I file for divorce in CA and it's uncontested with no children, assets, or property to divide, do I need to show up in court?	Family Questions	California
Can a subcontractor lean a home after the sale if the contractor has not paid them? Can a subcontractor lean a home after the sale if the contractor has not paid them?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
What to do if my landlord is being foreclosed and we want to move out and break the lease? What to do if my landlord is being foreclosed and we want to move out and break the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
When a married couple inherit from family monies, what is the entitlement to the other? When a married couple inherit from family monies, what is the entitlement to the other? Thank you, JT.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal if we only get paid for 1 hour out of a 3 hour ride? I just started a new job which requires us to travel out of town covering the top half of Indiana which is our district. When we have to go out of town, we meet at grocery store, not an actual office or anything and have to ride with other employees. The driver gets paid for the whole travel time say 2hrs. Those of us that are passengers only get paid for anything over 2hrs. We would only get paid for 1 hr out of a 3hr ride. Is that legal in Indiana? I know different states differ. Thanks	Employment Questions	Indiana
How do I go about receiving child support now if the father is in the military? My baby's father is in the military and we just got the paternity results back. How do I go about receiving child support now?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can&#39;t send an employee on break before they have been here for three hours? In the state off mass is there a law stating that I cannot send an employee on break before they have been here for three hours?	Employment Questions	District of Columbia
In Nevada can a landlord charge a tenant for painting the home they have occupied for 26 months? In Nevada can a landlord charge a tenant for painting the home they have occupied for 26 months? We left the house clean and the walls had normal wear and tear. We have all the pictures an videos of the house.	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
What are the terms of payment if my landlord has not issued another lease? If my lease agreement on a single-family house expired as of 4.2.06 (one year lease) and my landlord has not issued another lease, what are the terms of payment? Does this default to a month-to-month payment schedule or does it remain what the original lease was, weekly, which is not how I have been paying for the last 5+ years, its been according to my pay period, every two weeks?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What is the proper channel to take to sell township property? What is the proper channel to take to sell township property?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
How many hours can a 16 year old work? How many hours a day can a 16 yr old work, and up till what time, and how many hours a week?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If my parents had a trust, would the insurance from my mother go to me or the trust? My Father passed away 3 weeks prior to my mother. My father named my mother as beneficiary to his insurance and ira etc and my mother named my father as beneficiary. I was named as contingent beneficiary. My parents had a trust. Would the insurance from my mother go to me or the trust?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Oklahoma
Is it legal to charge an employee for a lost check? Is it legal to charge an employee for a lost check?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Question regarding my husband divorced while working in a different career? My husband was divorced while working a different career. He left that job a year ago to answer his call to full time ministry, thus cutting his income to nearly nothing. Can his child support and alimony be lowered since his ex makes nearly 100 grand a year and he draws less than 1000 a month?	Family Questions	Florida
Not included in settlement but I never declined. My father passed away due to malpractice suit. The case was settled and my brother (the executor of estate) informed me I was not included in settlement because I declined to be part of suit. I never declined and I never spoke to attorney. Can I fight this?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
What are grandparents&#39; rights to visit grandchild? What are my rights in Michigan as grandparents to visit my grand child?	Family Questions	Michigan
Would I be eligible to migrate from my G-4 visa to a green card independently? Hi, I have been married to a Pan American Health Organization employee (International organization) for the last 18 years. Both of us hold a G4 visa and we have two kids, both American citizens. Would I be eligible to migrate from my G-4 visa to a green card independently, and my spouse keep the G4 visa?	Immigration Questions	Virginia
What to do if employer deducted wages for lawn mower and still has the mower? Employer in Michigan deducted wages for lawn mower. He claims it was lost for 747.93.  Just found out he still has the mower. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Legal if employer does on call and if you don&#39;t call every hour to see if to come in you are written up? I have a daughter that works at Papa Murphys. they post some days to work and others is on call. If you do not call every hour or so to see if to come in you are written up. IS THIS LEGAL?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Do I have to send my daughter for her weekend visit if the father is a grand behind on support and lying? I have a court agreement but my 4-year-old's dad is 1,000 behind on child support and is telling her things to try and turn her against me. Do I have to send her for her weekend visit?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Is it legal for a real estate transaction take place with a hearing impaired man without an interpreter? Is it legal for a real estate transaction take place with a hearing impaired man without an interpreter?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Does stepping out of a car after a cop asked to submit you to a unreasonable search? Does stepping out of a car after a cop asked to submit you to a unreasonable search?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Question regarding an employment question about calling in sick and pay? I called in sick, early am for a pm shift.  When I returned to work on my next scheduled shift, I was told they did not need me and to go home.  No pay.  Can they do this?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
Anything I can do if I&#39;m having another employee not a boss emotionally harass me on the job? I'm having another employee not a boss emotionally harass me on the job. Is there any thing i can do?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Question regarding my landlord kicking my family out cause he has someone he knows that he wants to rent? My Landlord is kicking my family and I out because he has someone he knows that he wants to rent to. No written notice at all except a slip of paper from the Little Rock Ar. police stating there's a vacate the premises warrant. @ weeks ago the Landlord's father came over and was screaming and shouting at me to get the "Fxxx" out of his son's house and that hi son's wife is in the hospital waiting to have both breasts removed so he's taking over and is gonna come back that night with the cops and have them haul me away while locking the place down. once again ....... nothing in writing.	Real Estate Questions	Arkansas
Why aren&#39;t oil speculators in violation of antitrust laws? Why aren't oil speculators in violation of antitrust laws? They seem to be able to control the price-at-the-pump at will with no recourse for the public.	Criminal Questions	Oregon
Am I liable to pay back money to a person who purchased concert tickets from me? Am I legally liable to pay back money to a person who purchased concert tickets from me because the concert got canceled weeks later?	Consumer Questions	Florida
How long do you have to file a worker comp claim after an accident? How long do you have to file a worker comp claim after an accident?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
Is there anyway i can get help filing for a divorce if I&#39;m on disability? Is there anyway i can get help filing for a divorce if I'm on disability?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can I possibly work at a daycare if I&#39;m only 14 but I&#39;m certified for babysitting and CPR? Can I possibly work at a daycare if I'm only 14 but I'm certified for babysitting and CPR?	Employment Questions	Florida
What is the penalty to me if I leave my home and my husband because of long-time differences? I am leaving my husband because of long time differences.  What if is the penalty to me if I leave my home?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
If my biological father dies, how do I protect my rights to his estate without a power of attorney? I have a biological parent who lives alone in Puerto Rico and is not married, so my question is this: if he falls ill or dies how do I protect my rights and the rights of my siblings ( his children) to his estate without a power of attorney or medical proxy?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
Can my ex be part of my insurance policy? I have been divorced for 10 years and my husband was responsible for maintaining the catastrophic Health insurance policy for me but the agency has canceled individual policies. I have insurance through my employer and now my ex husband wants to be on my policy with him paying the difference. Is this something I have to do? Our divorce was not nice and the divorce decree doesn't say anything about me having to put him on my policy if his gets cancelled.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Do I have a case if my son is a minor and a car accident? My son had an accident solo driver hydroplane and the jeep flip and the air bag never came out. Do I have a case if he is a minor?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
What to do if I put in a summons for a dna test, but the mother moved without telling me where? I put in a summons for a DNA test for a baby that might be mine, but the mother moved without telling me where. What do I do?	Family Questions	Illinois
If I get divorced do I have to pay alimony? I got married 2 years ago and my wife quit her job and is trying to get disability. If I get divorced do I have to pay alimony?	Family Questions	Colorado
Is it even legal for the company that I worked for to place the money that I was supposed to be paid into a retirement account, that I can&#39;t touch? I worked prevailing wage ($55/hr) for a plumbing company in Las Vegas.  We were forced into a program where the company took about $15/hr from us and placed it into a "profit sharing 401k" through JHpensions. The company never contributed to this fund, and never intended to contribute.  They were using this to save money on taxes paid to us. The company has closed and we took the payout and paid the 20% penalty for taxes.  Now that we are filing our tax returns, it said we need to pay an extra 10% for early withdrawal of a retirement account.  I understand the IRS view. My questions is: Is it even legal for the company that I worked for to place the money that I was supposed to be paid into a retirement account, that I can't touch?	Employment Questions,Finance Questions	Nevada
Question regarding verbal eviction? My tenant was told on May 27 2012 verbally that he had to be out of the apartment in 60 days.  I followed that up with a certified letter. He was not out of the apartment until Aug. 1, 2012.  Can i go after him for another month of rent.	Real Estate Questions	New York
What can political Campaign Donations be used for and what can&#39;t they be used for in the state of Massachusetts? What can political Campaign Donations be used for and what can't they be used for in the state of Massachusetts? I have tried to fin answers by searches through Google but nothing I have found makes sense to Me.	Finance Questions	Massachusetts
Am I entitled to mileage if I clock in at location A and have to drive 20 miles to location B for a meeting? In California am I entitled to mileage if I clock in at location A and have to drive 20 miles to location B for a meeting each week, sometimes more, and back?	Employment Questions	California
Can I file for child support if I have partial custody but I have them 5 to 6 days a week? My ex and I have 50/50 custody of our two daughters, but I have them 5 to 6 days a week. Can I file for child support?	Family Questions	Kentucky
If someone is fired from a sheriff&#39;s office for no reason what can they do? If someone is fired from a sheriff's office for no reason what can they do? The fired person was never officially terminated by the sheriff himself, he was put on paid suspension then told by underlings that he was terminated and paychecks stopped. What can he do?	Employment Questions	Virginia
What do you advise for an eviction notice and job does not pay often enough? What do you advise for an eviction notice and job does not pay often enough?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Will the judge side with the petition or the settlement agreement? I am going through an uncontested divorce. My husband is the petitioner and I am the respondent. I just received the papers and the petition asks for everything for my husband. the settlement agreement states everything we had agreed on, which is different from the petition. Will the judge side with the petition or the settlement agreement?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Allowed if my lease is up in January but my landlord has decided to kick us out early? My lease is up in January but my landlord has decided to kick us out early. She gave us till the 15th of this month to move out. Is this allowed?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
What questions will be asked in court for child custody? What questions will be asked in court for child custody?	Family Questions	Nevada
Is it legal for an attorney to serve documents to your employer to give to you? Is it legal for an attorney to serve documents to your employer to give to you?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Would a person&#39;s hospital charges be covered If a person has an accident on a company vehicle? if a person has an accident on a company vehicle and has no medical insurance, would their hospital charges be covered?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Question regarding my military husband filing for divorce 10 years ago? i was married April 16, 1994 in Multnohma County. My husband was in the Military. We moved to Virgina-around 1999 I moved back to Portland, Or. He contacted me around 2002 and said he was filling divorce with the Aircraft carriers "legal" under absentia? i am going to remarry and need to know for sure if this was completed? how do i find this out?	Family Questions	Oregon
How do I go about getting a change of venue on a child support case currently in MA? How do I go about getting a change of venue on a child support case currently in MA?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
How old does a child have to be to say which parent they want to live with in a divorced family? How old does a child have to be to say which parent they want to live with in a divorced family in front of a judge in South Carolina?	Family Questions	South Carolina
If a parent is ordered to pay child support and is refused visitation does the parent still have to pay? If a parent is ordered to pay child support through DOR and is refused visitation does the parent still have to pay?	Family Questions	California
Can a homeowners association require that you pay an additional amount of money than the yearly fee? Can a homeowners association require that you pay an additional amount of money than the yearly fee?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Kentucky
Can the judge stop me for seeing my children if my ex is getting an order of protection against me? I said some bad things to my ex wife and she is getting an order of protection against me. Can the judge stop me for seeing them?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can my company place me on suspension after I am rehired there? hi my name is jennifer parsons, i am working for a company called trimold and i am under suspenion. i had worked there before and i had quit. well then i was hired by a tempory company to work at trimold then rehired on full time thru trimold. they put me on suspention because they said i was not s	Employment Questions	Ohio
How do I remove my son out of my resident when I have full custody of his children? My son (35) and his 2 children live with me. I have full legal custody of the children. I have asked him to move out due to major!! problems. He refuses and says I will have to evict him. Is this true? How do I get him out with the least amount of turmoil?	Family Questions	Alabama
If a company sends you far away to do a job are they supposed to pay per diem? If a company sends you far away to do a job are they supposed to pay per diem?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Is there somewhere online you can go to setup child support deduction out of my paycheck each week? Is there somewhere online you can go to setup child support deduction out of my paycheck each week?	Family Questions	Florida
What are the laws in Florida for an eviction for renters? What are the laws in Florida for an eviction for renters or where can I find it? thank you e-nail address&#x64;&#101;&#95;&#108;&#x6c;&#x63;&#50;&#x30;&#x30;&#x30;&#x40;&#121;&#97;&#104;&#111;&#x6f;&#x2e;&#99;&#x6f;&#109;	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a father willingly sign off rights if there is no one to adopt? Can a father willingly sign off rights if there is no one to adopt?	Family Questions	California
What to do if my homeowner&#39;s insurance claim was denied and I didn&#39;t get an explanation? My homeowners insurance claim was denied. The lawyer I had to assist me with this matter is not doing such a good job.I still haven't received a denial letter so fair stating why I was denied. Just looking for some help.Thanks,Antoneo Wynn	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Question regarding my husband leaving me and our two babies and said he wants a divorce? My husband left me and our two babies and said he wants a divorce. Its been a week and he's been seeing someone since the night he left. For the past two years he hasn't let me work and when he left he left us with no car or money. He doesn't have insurance on the car plus he lies to me so he doesn't have to see the kidsThose two things make me not want him to have the kids by himself. We filled out papers but I don't want him having joint custody and I want to file for spousal maintenance. We still haven't filed yet due to him waitingbto fill the papers out. What do I do?	Family Questions	Indiana
What happens to someone&#39;s money when they die? What happens to someone's money when they die?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Does a mother still have any legal rights to a child? i am trying to find out if a mother still has any legal rights to a child and if do what they are. i live in NC. a court ruling as of July 28,2010 states the mother is not fit and proper person to have custody, visit with and provide care of the child. the permanent primary care wad awarded to me. there has been no contact with the child attempted.we would like to legally adopt but know the mother will not give permission. What are our rights and does she have any say in the matter at this point?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Discrimination case if I was terminated because I didn&#39;t hit a Spanish quota but another was rehired? I was terminated from Wells Fargo on 2011 because I wasn't producing enough accounts in a dominant Spanish community. I just recently found out that one of my former coworkers was 3000.00 out of balance! She was fired and rehired and she is Mexican. Do I have a discrimination case?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can the plaintiff appeal a decision in a medical malpractice case? Can the plaintiff appeal a decision in a medical malpractice case?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can an association close down a pool when dues are still being paid for the upkeep of the pool? At a townhouse can an association close down a pool when dues are still being paid for the upkeep of the pool? In order to try to resolve a problem with two specific tenants in the complex.	Real Estate Questions	California
If I filed for divorce will my husband be forced to provide me with a vehicle? If I filed for divorce will my husband be forced to provide me with a vehicle being that we have two children?	Family Questions	Indiana
Can my ex be held in contempt of court if he lied about injury and was supposed to take care of child? Hi, I have a four year old that sees her dad every other weekend. This weekend he lied about having an injury and cancelled the visit. I found pictures of him not injured. Can he be held in contempt of court?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
How to get visitation rights if I discovered that I&#39;m a father? I am a DNA proven father of little girl.  I found out when she was 2. I pay child support but I am not on birth certificate. I live in Texas, mother /child Georgia-conceived in one night fling in Florida. Mother will not tell address so I can meet daughter. she is now almost 6. I occasionally am allowed to talk on phone with her but only when mom wants it. I want to have visitation and rights to my daughter.  She has a half sister and brother also.  I don't have a lot of money but fathers should have rights too.	Family Questions	Texas
Can I sell it without the co-owner&#39;s signature if I have a truck title &amp; the title is worded &quot;or&quot;? Can I sell it without the co-owner's signature if I have a truck title & the title is worded "or"?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Question regarding my property as a tenancy in common? My property is a tenancy in common, and the other person sold there 25% and didn't contact the land surveyor to separate there portion from the other and now the new owner is apart of the property.	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Can my ex stop me from moving back? Hi I live in Florida. I've been married 35 yrs. I moved out 10 months ago because we were arguing all the time. I've been going there everyday and now i want to move back. Can she stop me from moving back?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I go about suing a nursing home Not taking care of my father? How do I go about suing a nursing home Not taking care of my father?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can I sue for harassment or slander? A terminated employee is harassing us for his last check which was less than a week ago. I sent it in the mail but the lot number was not listed on it. It was returned but meanwhile he has called OSHA and we received a visit based on lies as well as the labor department.  Can I sue for harassment or slander?	Employment Questions	Florida
A 10 yr tenant vacates w/o 30 day notice on mo. to. mo lease &amp; steals kitchen range, drapes &amp; rods, doorknobs, shower doors, etc. and trashes unit. Tenant claims they bought a house but left no fwd address.  What options do I have to recover loses? Tenant was in good standing previous to this.	Leasing Questions	California
My employer liable if they have not scheduled me for work in two weeks? I am a part-time employee at a restaurant. My employer has not scheduled me for work in two weeks. Are they liable?	Employment Questions	Florida
Am I required to do repairs if the bank foreclosed on my home? bank foreclosing on my home insurance cancelled me recently. The water pipe broke and roof in garage started leaking. I have to move will be filing bankruptcy. Am I required to do repairs?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How do I &quot;domesticate&quot; my divorce? My divorce was final on 8/16/2011, ex remarried  on 12/30/2012, divorce was done in Co. I live in Fl and he is moving to Il.  He is selling his business and likely trying to screw me out of thousands of dollars.  How do I "domesticate" my divorce?  How much will it cost and should I do it to Florida or Illinois?  I will likely have to fight him at some point to get my money.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
How long would I have to stay as a supervisor before getting restored to by present position as a manager? If I were demoted from a manager to a Supervisor by the new owner of the company how long would I have to stay as a supervisor before getting restored to by present position as a manager?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Tenant rights when my landlord wrote a 3-day notice &amp; changed the locks with our property inside? What are my tenant rights when my landlord wrote a 3-day notice, and then changed the locks with our property inside? He would not let us retrieve said it wasn't convenient for them and now say it's going to the dump tomorrow.	Real Estate Questions	New York
How can I get custody of my daughter&#39;s child after she stole jewelry from me and I pressed charges on her? My daughter stole more the $5000 on jewelry from me. I called the police and pressed charges. She has a 9-year-old boy. How can I get the custody of him?	Family Questions	New York
Question regarding my situation if I&#39;m going through divorce and custody battle? Need help.. I'm going through divorce and custody battle. I feel like my ex-husband is holding everything over my head so I won't take him for support if I do he will fight me for my daughter I had a lawyer and I got full physical custody and he has partial. My divorce papers still aren't signed and I need financial help from him, I can no longer afford my lawyer but I can't fight him alone . What should I do . The stress and weight of all this is weighing on me. My daughter is my world	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If a 15-year-old boy wants to go live with his father, can the boy leave without his mom&#39;s permission? If a 15-year-old boy wants to go live with his father but the mother does not want to let him go with him, can the boy leave without her permission	Family Questions	California
If my dad passed away, can the landlord still keep the deposit? My dad's lease ends Sept 30 but he went to hospice august 2.9 I cleaned out his apartment and returned the keys as directed by realtor assistance's. My dad passed away on Sept.3rd but they still want to keep deposit. Can they do that? We live in Hawaii.	Real Estate Questions	Hawaii
Civil case if the car manager gave my keys to the person who stole my car? My car was stolen from  discount transmission and I was told that the manager gave my keys to the person who stole my car. Do I have a civil case?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Can we get a purchase agreement and promissory note and fill it out and have it notarized? We are selling our business. Can we get a purchase agreement and promissory note and fill it out and have it notarized or do we have to have an attorney?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
What is the legal age a child can move out in GA? What is the legal age a child can move out in GA?	Family Questions	Tennessee
If a couple wants an uncontested divorce, how is child support decided? If a couple wants an uncontested divorce, how is child support decided? My husband makes 5800 a month and that doesn't include his disability. what should his child support payment be monthly? approximately	Family Questions	Alabama
Where can I find the laws governing the civil service promotion process? Where can I find the laws governing the civil service promotion process?	Employment Questions	New Mexico
Question regarding living in an apartment for 12 years? I have lived in an apartment for 12 yrs. Every six months or so the plumbing backs up with excrement in the bathtub and flooding the bathroom with grey water. The landlord always calls a plumber and tells me it is normal for this building, but the plumbers tell me it is repair that need to be done on the gray water pipes. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
If I sold a building to a guy who will not come pick it up can I resell it? If I sold a building to a guy who will not come pick it up can I resell it?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Kentucky
What to do if I went to a school that embezzled &amp; I was unable to get what I needed to go to state board? I went to a school that embezzled the funds and I was unable to get what I needed to go to state board. All of the records were taken by law enforcement and now I'm stuck paying the student loans back.	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Can my rent be held by law if two rent payments are made in error for one month? Can my rent be held by law if two rent payments are made in error for one month?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
When a contract is signed and down payment is made can the buyer back out and get their money back? When a contract is signed to buy a home and down payment is made can the buyer back out and get their money back-not a sales agreement a contract signed by the buyer.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my roommate tell me she wants me out, lock me out and refuse to sign an agreement? Can my roommate (her name is also on the lease) tell me she wants me out, lock me out and refuse to sign an agreement to take my name off the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
Can a manager file an abandonment claim on a tenant where a fire has happened? Can a manager file an abandonment claim on a tenant where a fire has happened? Without it being the tenants fault? OR Notifying the tenanted?	Real Estate Questions	California
Anything that I can do to at least get visitation with my son that is in a group home if both are mine? Hi my name is Christa Lloyd. I lost custody of my two sons. One was adopted and the other one is in a group home. I was wondering is there anything that I can do to at least get visitation with my son that is in a group home if not both of my children?	Family Questions	Missouri
What is the minimum pay for a construction worker? What is the minimum pay for a construction worker?	Employment Questions	New York
Can a family law lawyer do &quot;pro-bono&quot; work in exchange for the person doing house construction? Can a family law lawyer do "pro-bono" work in exchange for the person doing construction on his house?	Criminal Questions	Oregon
What are the laws regarding breaks for an 8 hour day? What are the laws regarding breaks for an 8 hour day?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Legal if my rent is up and my landlord is asking for a 30% raise? my rent is up and my landlord is asking for a 30% raise. Is that legal in Illinois?	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if my husband put me and my two children out the house and doesn&#39;t want to support us? What to do if my husband put me and my two children out the house and doesn't want to support us?	Family Questions	New York
What does primary physical custody mean? What does primary physical custody mean?  Do i still have rights like getting school records?	Family Questions	Indiana
If I don&#39;t reply to my inheritance will it go to the government? If I don't reply to my inheritance will it go to the government?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
If someone is charged with possession of narcotics what are they looking at? If someone is charged with poss of synthetic weed, possession of meth, possession of drug paraphernalia in the state of Indiana what are they looking at?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
need to find out if a certain property in Israel was sold? I need to find out if a certain property in Israel was sold.Tabo.orgI was told it would show it.   I don't read Hebrew. Can anyone help???	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What are the repercussions of amending my NV bankruptcy such as C &#39;property claimed as exempt&#39;? What are the repercussions of amending my NV bankruptcy such as C 'property claimed as exempt'?	Family Questions	Nevada
How can a 16-year-old move out of their parents&#39; house legally? How can a 16-year-old move out of their parents' house legally?	Family Questions	New York
What to do if My husband&#39;s ex-boss is discussing the reason he was terminated with other people? My husband's ex-boss is discussing the reason he was terminated from the company with other people from the job and even threatening them with termination if they tell my husband what he said. To make matters worse, he's lying about the reason. Is there some kind of legal action we can take.	Employment Questions	Alabama
If my wife wants a divorce and she committed adultery, can I get custody of my kids? If my wife wants a divorce and she committed adultery, can I get custody of my kids?	Family Questions	Florida
As a Cuban can I ask for refugee status in the United States or my Spanish citizenship revoke that? I have Cuban and Spanish citizenship. As a Cuban can I ask for refugee status in the United States? Can it take me to the policy of wet foot dry foot or my Spanish citizenship don't allow me to do it?	Immigration Questions	Nevada
Register a generic business name under operating separate names for each of my specialty services? I'm a photographer who specializes in several photo services. My question: can I register a generic business name e.g. 'Umbrella LLC.' under which operating separate biz names for each of my specialty services...or do I need to register all of them separately?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Illinois
Can my ex remove me off of her health insurance policy? I am getting a divorse and I am on her health lnsurance policy. Can she remove me or can I request to be removed	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
How to start probate in  Idaho? How to start probate in  Idaho?	Real Estate Questions	Idaho
Question regarding receiving a subpoena from a grand jury for my co defendant? I received a subpoena from a grand jury on a case for my co defendant that the DA wants me to testify against. I do not know what to do because I wrote a statement and I need to know if and what to say when I have to testify.	Criminal Questions	New York
Can a lawsuit be placed when medical diagnosis was given by hospital and put on prescribed medication? Can a lawsuit be placed when medical diagnosis was given by hospital and put on prescribed medication and prescribed narcotics? It then later said nothing was wrong by same hospital having me take prescribed medications for long period of time, now dealing and still taking prescribed medication due to withdrawal if stop taking medication?	Personal Injury Questions	California
If our conditions say we can not have any contact with our co defendants, Does that count in marriage? My wife and I are co-defendants in a burglary case and our bond conditions say we can not have any contact with our co defendants. Does that count if you are legally married	Criminal Questions	Georgia
If I go to court for an emergency custody order &amp; the charges are dropped can they be used against me? If I go to court for an emergency custody order and the charges are dropped can they be used against me again?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can I skip my 30 minute lunch break in California so I can go home early? California labor law: Supreme court decision yesterday:  employers must ensure an employee have a 30-min lunch break but do not have to enforce it.  Therefore, on the opposite end of this ruling, I would like to know if I can skip my 30 minute lunch break in California so I can go home earlier?  Right now it is mandated I take a 30-min lunch break.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Do I still have to pay child support if my daughter is a part-time college student? Do I still have to pay child support if my daughter is a part-time college student? The college she is attending has the criteria of 12 credits and 2.5 GPA. She is carrying 7 credits right now.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can your employer keep your wages because they think you stole from them? Can your employer keep your wages because they think you stole from them?	Criminal Questions	Texas
Trucking company will not return money in escrow after termination. I am a truck driver. I signed on with trucking outfit and had to put $5000 into escrow fund-company kept taking money ($500/month) and now is over $24,000. The company fired me-but in our lease agreement it said I would only have to put up 5k and would get money back in no more than 45 days.Well now over 45 days, the company won't answer phone calls and emails and just ignoring me. What can I do to get my money back-over $32,000? Should I sue them for more so they don't keep doing this to others? My lease says I will get my money in no more than 45 days. Also, I would not have to put more than $5k into the escrow fund. When I asked them to stop taking money out and putting into escrow fund, they said they would but kept doing it. They kept all my money from my last run (over $7,000). I live in Texas and outfit I signed on with is in MT. What can i do to get my money back?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Employment Questions	Texas
How long can HUD keep me on that list and try to garnish my tax returns? I was injured about 14 years ago and I could not make my house payment. I lost my house to foreclosure. My loan was secured by HUD. HUD placed my debt on the administrated tax offset list. How long can HUD keep me on that list and try to garnish my tax returns? Is there a statute of limitations to how long they can offset my tax returns? If so how do I get it removed?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
can i be suspended and get my pay docked if I am salary employee? I am a salary employee. Can I be suspended and get my pay docked or they make me work 7 days a week?	Employment Questions	New York
Do I need a court order to distribute the assets as per the trust agreement? I am successor trustee to my mother's estate who passed away in April. My sister has retained an attorney to argue against the terms of the trust.  I turned over all the documents and information in my possession, to her attorney on August 13th. I have not received any response what so ever since that time. Do I need a court order to distribute the assets as per the trust agreement, since I do  not have my sisters cooperation?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is there an employer law that says my work should have immediately fired him for his death threats? An employee threatened to blow everyone away at our store, our employer did NOT fire him.  Is there an employer law that says they should have immediately fired him?  Live and work in Missouri.	Employment Questions	Missouri
What do I do if I was bumped into a car with no damages but they still want to sue me? I was driving & the car in of me stop abruptly & bumped it a little but no car damages. But the people in the front driving want to sue me. What do I do?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Can salary be lowered because of doctor&#39;s app. or holiday? Can salary be lowered because of doctor's app. or holiday? If it can why isn't overtime used if over?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What can I do if the father is not helping me with the baby when he&#39;s in the military? I have a daughter that's a year and 7 months and her dad is in the military and not helping me with the baby. What can I do?	Family Questions	Illinois
Help with divorce? Help with divorce?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
Can you Place an ad saying that you were with a former company and have opened up a new firm? can you place an ad in the newspaper saying that you were with a former company and have opened up a new firm?	Consumer Questions	California
Can I file a lawsuit against someone in another country via their embassy in USA? Can I file a lawsuit against someone in another country via their embassy in USA?This would be a lawsuit against a Notary in Europe, who did thingsagainst my express instructions causing double taxation, in violation of anInternational Treaty, told me he was doing the right thing when indeed he was not and who then, withdrew money from my account without my consentor authorization.  I live in Florida, can I file alawsuit in the US and serve him via their Embassy or Consulate in NY or DC?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Are non-compete agreements honored if the employer keeps limiting your sales commission? Are non-compete agreements honored in Florida if the employer keeps limiting your sales commission so that he keeps the profits and you keep making less, limiting your earning potential?	Employment Questions	Florida
If I have a suspension in NY but I have a valid license from FL, can I renew my license in another state? If I have a registration suspension in New York but I have a valid license from Florida, can I renew my license in another state, such as Pennsylvania?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
True that my landlord is not responsible for putting up a rail when a baby fell two stories? My 19 mo friends baby fell from their 2nd story balcony thru the screens. He has suffered minor injury thank god. However the problem still is there. The landlord states he is not responsible for making it safe such as putting up a railing. Is this true? They live on Redington Beach FL, in Pinellas county.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Am I within my legal rights to go get my son for my weekend if my ex will not respond? I have full visitation rights for my 4 year old son. My ex has not let me see him since fathers day. It is my weekend for visitation and she has gone out of state and left him with his sister. We live in Oklahoma am I within my legal rights to go get him for my weekend? My ex will not respond.	Family Questions	Oklahoma
Can an employer work their employees 7 days a week 10 hour days in Minnesota? Can an employer work their employees 7 days a week 10 hr days in Minnesota?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
If it is a LAW can there be exceptions for a certain law in the state of Florida? If it is a LAW can there be exceptions for a certain law in the state of Florida?	Criminal Questions	Florida
In NC what do I need for an alienation of affection case? In NC what do I need for an alienation of affection case?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Question regarding a fire and firing the adjuster? We had a fire on January 12, 2011.  The insurance company was Allstate.  We hired a private adjuster for the contents and for repair of the house.  The adjuster for the contents settled with Allstate and we were paid.  The adjuster for the house on the other hand has not settled and we can not get in touch with him.  We sent a letter RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED asking for a meeting.  The letter was received but no meeting has been scheduled.  Can we fire him and get another adjuster?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How long does landlord have to give you written notice of a unrefunded deposit? How long does landlord have to give you written notice of a unrefunded deposit in the state of Illinois? And what happens if they don't send it in that period of time?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Do I have a certain number of days for &quot;buyers remorse? I bought a living room set from Ashley yesterday, they had me sign a form that I cant cancel. Today I find the same set for 1000.00 cheaper. They haven't ordered it yet because they are waiting on me to tell them when because I'm waiting on my home loan to close. Do I have a certain number of days for "buyers remorse?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
How should I go about getting divorced from my husband who is currently deported? How should I go about getting divorced from my husband who is currently in Mexico because he was deported? We have two children together! I also want to know what can be done about the mobile home I live in with my kids. I am paying it off in cash monthly from a friend and have no sort of agreement signed and my husband is threatening to take it from me! I need help and don't know where to go because I have no money for a lawyer!!	Family Questions	Missouri
How are dividend payments from public stocks taxed in LLC? How are dividend payments from public stocks taxed in an LLC? Can you use business expenses to offset income from public stock dividends in an LLC?	Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	Virginia
Can my kids father sign his rights over to the state without my consent? Can my kids father sign his rights over to the state without my consent? will he still have to pay child support?	Family Questions	Florida
What are the rules and regulations regarding the deposit return in FL? what are the rules and regulations regarding the deposit return in FL? I moved out of my apartment 18 days ago and i have not received any certified letters in the mail regarding my deposit. My landlord is not returning my money and I don't know what to do.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I just walk and get my deposit back because the seller didn&#39;t keep the promise? I purchased a property about a month ago. When we came to the agreement, I requested a visit to the property before closing to measure and estimate the jobs I plan to do. So the jobs can be started right after the settlement. The sale agent said "yes". After I gave my second deposit, I asked for a few time slots for the visit. After few phone calls, the sale agent never answered until 4 days prior to the settlement, and said the seller refused my request. Can I just walk and get my deposit back because the seller didn't keep the promise? All the excitement has been destroyed by the seller side's avoiding responses at the beginning and breaking the promise few days before closing day; and my whole moving plan has been messed up.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can you be fired after letter of resignation rejected? Can a job reject a letter of resignation then tell you you're fired?	Employment Questions	Texas
Can I get fired for making statement for former employee&#39;s unemployment hearing? Can I get fired for making a statement for a former employee's unemployment hearing?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
Does sole ownership of home go to surviving spouse if owned by both? In West Virginia, if husband and wife own a home and one of them dies, does sole ownership of home go to the other spouse?  If the surviving spouse sells the house, can the deceased spouse have a will that states half of proceeds go to their family without consent of the surviving spouse?	Family Questions,Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	West Virginia
Question regarding child support on my children for 12 years? I have paid child support on my children for 12 years. My youngest just graduated high school in May. None of the kids are in college nor do they plan to attend college. How do I get my child support stopped.  Also none of the kids live with my ex.  He just told my daughter that she had to get out two months ago.	Family Questions	Missouri
Should I make payments I can afford or wait for them to take me to court for a judge to see that I can truly not make payments they are asking? I have student loans that went into debt collection $30,000. I recently started a new job and thought I could make payments towards them and the amount is still not feasible. Should I make payments I can afford or wait for them to take me to court for a judge to see that I can truly not make payments they are asking? If they garnished my check how much can they garnish?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Can you still get unemployment if you yet to be convicted of a crime? Can you still get unemployment if you yet to be convicted of a crime?	Employment Questions	Virginia
In the state of Tennessee, What are the proper steps to evict a tenant? How long does it take?	Real Estate Questions	Tennessee
Cases where FL district court allowed new evidence in unemployment benefit appeal. I need to cite a case or two where a Florida district court, in reviewing unemployment benefits appeals, looked beyond only the decision of the Unemployment Appeals Commission and allowed new evidence. In this case the company rescinded its challenge to my benefits after the phone hearing. Thank you	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Florida
Can I file for reimbursement of travel expenses that have because the bus refuses to pick me up? I have been denied bus service by the local public transit. I petitioned the local court for an order to ride the bus to get legal information and prepare documents in a case related to this refusal. It was denied. Can I file for restitution or reimbursement of travel expenses that have because the bus refuses to pick me up?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Is there statue of limitations on will settlement in Washington state? Is there a statue of limitations on the settlement of a will in the State Of Washington?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
What are my obligations regarding debts incurred by my late wife before we were married? What are my obligations regarding debts incurred by my late wife before we were married?	Consumer Questions	California
Which law allows employers to request child&#39;s birth certificate for health insurance? I have been asked by my employer to provide a birth certificate for my child in order to have health insurance. This has never been asked before in any job I have been to. I want to know by law can they request this information?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Are DOC inmates allowed to be house with un-convicted parish prisoners? In Louisiana , are DOC inmates allowed to be house with un-convicted parish prisoners?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
Can agriculture lender force you to sign papers not in your best interest? Are there any laws against your agriculture lender, forcing you to sign papers that's not in your best interest, and using your own equipment to benefit his own business?	Finance Questions	Georgia
Question regarding transfer of legal guardianship? I am an adult and my mother has legal guardianship over me but I want it transferred because she is lying to me and treating me very bad.	Family Questions	Utah
Can you apply for a medical card in your maiden name in the state of Ohio and give your baby your maiden name also while you have a social secuity card in your married name?	Administrative Law Questions	Ohio
Do I appear for debt summons if I don&#39;t contest? I received a summons for a debt.  Do I have to appear for this if I don't contest it?	Litigation Law Questions	Missouri
If my son was in a car accident and the settlement over extends the medical bills, will the remaining money go to an investment when he reaches 18? My 8 year old son and I were involved in a head on collision. It was completely the other driver's fault. My son suffered a broken leg on the growth plate and I had several smaller injuries. I hired an attorney to file lawsuit, but the paralegal is telling us that we most likely will not be able to access the settlement money except to pay medical bills, which our medical insurance covered a huge portion of. She said the remaining money will go into an investment for our son when he reaches 18 or 19 or even 21. Is this true??	Personal Injury Questions	Arkansas
Is it okay to work 7 days a week averaging 70 plus hours? Is it okay to work 7 days a week averaging 70 plus hours?	Employment Questions	Nevada
what are my rights when there is a shared custody? what are my rights when there is a shared custody?	Family Questions	California
What is the law on paid holidays? What is the law on paid holidays?	Employment Questions	Michigan
If my ex changed all bills into his name, am I responsible for the late payment for the electric? My ex filed on March 16th. He took house and changed all bills into his name. The last bill I payed was on March 22nd. From April there is a late payment to the electric company, am I responsible for that payment?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Against the law in the state of PA to take a minor child&#39;s DNA without the consent of the legal guardian? Is it against the law in the state of pa. to take a minor child's DNA without the consent of the legal guardian ?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How long can a debtor keep trying to sue you? How long can a debtor keep trying to sue you? One of my bills is 14 yrs old & the other is 18 yrs old.	Consumer Questions	Indiana
If I am salary, what is the minimum wage I can earn? If I am salary, what is the minimum wage I can earn?  My employer is paying me $11 per hour on salary.  Am I entitled for more if I am salary?	Employment Questions	California
Can my landlord make me move out because he is trying to sell the house and I am still paying rent? Can my landlord make me move out because he is trying to sell the house and I am still paying rent and he owes me $500 for deposit and $300 that I went half for the refrigerator?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What is the limited period of time for a person with permanent residency to stay in another country and still be able to re-enter the United States? What is the limited period of time for a person with permanent residency to stay in another country and still be able to re-enter the United States?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How do I go about filing a lawsuit against the county I live in? How do I go about filing a lawsuit against the county I live in?	Personal Injury Questions	Utah
Can my ex legally sue me for the bike I bought under her credit while I paid most of it? I bought a motorcycle under my girlfriend's credit. I paid the bike off and she signed abill of sale documentfor the bike over to me. I have most of the receipts for the payment I made on the loan to her bank and to moneygram. Now she's trying to sue me for the bike back, including her lawyer fees. Can she legally do this?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Does the deed have to transfer to beneficiaries first before we can transfer to the bank? My Mom passed away this past December. All she had left was her home . The home is mortgaged ( reverse) owing more than what is owed. The bank is willing to have the deed transferred to them as total payment. There is a declaration of trust in place naming my Mom as trustee to her property. I being named as successor trustee upon her death. And along with me there are 2 more beneficiaries. Does the deed have to transfer to beneficiaries first before we can transfer to the bank? How do I go about all this. Living in the state of Florida.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Do I have to give my friend her rent money back after I caught her stealing and told her to be evicted? My friend moved in with me on Sept. 1st. 2012. We had an agreement that she would pay 280 for rent, half the DTE bill, and half the cable. So she gave me $350 on August 31st 2012. We had an agreement not to use each others stuff unless we got permission. Well, some of my stuff came up missing and then I found my make-up in her make-up bag on October 5th, 2012. I didn't feel comfortable with her being there so I told her she had until October 1st to find somewhere else. She walked off mad. She came back and said she is moving out that day on October 5th. Now she is demanding her money back so she can pay her new rent. Do I have to give her the money?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Who gets full custody of the kids if my husband and I are considering separation? Who gets full custody of the kids if my husband and I are considering separation?	Family Questions	Virginia
What to do if my ex will be retiring &amp; wants me to sign paper letting go of my rights to his retirement fund? My ex-husband will be retiring soon as a city planner  and wants me to sign paper letting go of my rights to his retirement fund?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What are my rights as a consumer when my windows are under warranty, but they no longer carry the style? What are my rights as a consumer when my windows are under warranty, but they no longer carry the style (Prism)?  I will be paying the labor to install the new windows that have leaked; dual pane.	Consumer Questions	California
If I leave a temp to hire temporary assignment can I collect unemployment benefits? If I leave a temp to hire temporary assignment can I collect unemployment benefits?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
If I&#39;m getting remarried,  will I own new wife&#39;s debt? If I'm getting remarried,  will I own new wife's debt?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I have a simple battery charge on my record, is it anyway I can get it off? If I have a simple battery charge on my record, is it anyway I can get it off?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can I have my child support cancelled in Florida if my Daughter&#39;s Mother is moving her to Wyoming? Can I have my child support cancelled in Florida if my Daughter's Mother is moving her to Wyoming?	Family Questions	Florida
Necessary for a landlord when retaining a large part of the security deposit to provide evidence of damage? Is it necessary for a landlord when retaining a large part of the security deposit to provide evidence of damage, billing and proof of repair?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What do we have to do if my boyfriend wants to sign way his rights for a child he never wanted? my boyfriend wants to sign way his rights for a child he never wanted. What do we have to do?	Family Questions	New York
Is it illegal if I run away and I am 17 and live in OR? I am 17 and live in Oregon. Is it illegal if I run away?	Family Questions	Oregon
Would I need to have a banking POA if my wife dies in order to make financial transactions? My wife is has an illness.  We have been married for eight years and own everything jointly, including our house and cars.  All our children are adults, some are hers from a previous marriage, some are mine from a previous marriage.  She feels that she needs to change hwe will to say that everything goes to me, her husband.  She also wants me to have a general andfinancial power of attorney.She wants to understand if she dies do I need to have her power of attorney in order to sell the house. If she is not dead do I need to have her power of attorney in order to sell the house?Would I need to have a banking power of attorney in the event that she dies in order to make financial transactions, such as selling our house or cars?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Question working for a Podiatrist as a receptionist in a hostile environment? I currently work for a Podiatrist as a receptionist.The medical assistant/office manager has been making my work life an awful and very stressful experience.She finds things to yell at me for, like she is trying to break me/make me quit.She also waits until the Doctor leaves and we're alone to yell, and slam doors.While he is there she snaps at me and tosses/throws down papers/files in front of me.I am nothing but kind to her and the doctor is informed of the situation.He has said that I must stick it out and I may yell back to put her in her place, he doesn't like confrontation and has done nothing else. Does this constitute a hostile working environment? Is there something I can do to take care of my situation without leaving?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Does having an 18+ age warning on an internet radio show make any difference as to the host&#39;s liability? Does having an 18+ age warning on an internet radio show make any difference legally as to the host's liability, criminal or otherwise?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
Can an employee deny the use of medical equipment such canes and leg braces? Can an employee deny the use of medical equipment such canes and leg braces?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If I&#39;m 15 and I&#39;m in a home where I&#39;m verbally abused, how can i go live in another state with my mother? If I'm 15 and I'm in a home where I'm verbally abused, how can i go live in another state with my mother?	Family Questions	Florida
Do I have to wait to file for divorce if we did not file separation papers? My husband and I have been separated for 6 months in Virginia. We have no minor children but I did not file separation papers. Do I have to wait to file for divorce?	Family Questions	Virginia
What can I do if my ex wants money but won&#39;t let me see my daughter? The girl I was with did not let me sign the birth certificate of my child and now we are no longer together. But she wants money and won't let me see my daughter. What can I do?	Family Questions	Illinois
If I have a work comp hearing coming &amp; I already got tickets to go out country, can a lawyer represent me? I have a work comp hearing coming and I already got tickets to go out country, can a lawyer represent me or do I need to be present? Can I change the day?	Employment Questions	California
Can domain administrator be fired for reading user email? As domain administrator, can I get fired for reading a user's email? When they get email here is privacy policy. "Please be aware that when you use email, your domain administrator will have access to your account information, including your email."	Employment Questions	Maryland
Can I legally force my neighbor to install the barrier? I have just purchased a house and the neighbor behind me has a large grove of bamboo that has creeped into my yard. I know that it is nearly impossible to kill and can only be dug out. It is quite expensive and still will have the problem of it creeping back again. A barrier can be placed around the fence but that is extensive labor and costly as well. Can I legally force him to install the barrier?	Real Estate Questions	California
If my landlord refused to fix a problem that is causing me money each month, can I break the lease and move out? If my landlord refused to fix a problem that is causing me money each month, can I break the lease and move out?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What should I do if my mother has been dead for 2 years &amp; I have never received a statement of finance? My mother has been dead for two years now and I have never received a statement of finance. What should I do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Utah
What can my friend do to retrieve her items from her mother who threw her out? My friend was thrown out of the house but her mother won't let her have her belongings. Her mother took her car, cell phone, and made her leave all of her clothing.  We have tried to go to the house and ask to get her things but they refused to let her inside.  What can my friend do?	Family Questions	Florida
Quick will for my husband and I before we travel? I need to do a quick will for my husband and I before we travel.  We have three adult children and own a home.  What is the best thing to do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What are the civil rights and employment rights in VA? What are the civil rights and employment rights in VA?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Can they file abandonment charges if the 5-day notice hasn&#39;t ended yet? I have a small Private Home Care Agency in Santa Fe NM. I provide home care services to an individual who is bed bound. On Friday, June 15, 2012 I had a conversation w/ client and we both agreed that we were going to end the agreement (contract) signed on May 31, 2012. Contract states that either party must give 5 days prior notice to ending Agreement. I gave client a written 5-day notice stating my last day of services would be on Wed. June 20, 2012. Today Tuesday, June 19, 2012, the client and her consultant stated to me they were going to file Abandonment charges on myself. Can they do this?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New Mexico
If I move before divorce is final can my husband get me for abandonment on our home? I want to get a divorce and want to know if I move before divorce is final can my husband get me for abandonment on our home etc? Also if I decide to move from Colorado to Texas would I be able to file a divorce on him from Texas?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Legal for an employee to lie about a manager being present when I attempted to turn in an application? Is it legal for an employee at a fast food restaurant to lie to me about a manager being present when I attempted to turn in an application so their friend could get the job?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
What is the easiest, cheapest, and quickest way to receive emergency custody? My son is almost 4 years old. his father just recently moved out of the state 8 hours away. We were together for over three years and during those three years he proved to me unstable as a single parent to have any sort of custody. He is threatening over the internet to take my son for good from me. I am worried. My son goes to his grandmothers house every other weekend since he moved out of state. The grandmother's house is his father's mother and I am scared because we have no custody papers what so ever that he is going to come and take my child while hes over there. What is the easiest, cheapest, and quickest way to receive emergency custody?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How can I get a divorce? How can I get a divorce?	Family Questions	Georgia
How long does a tenant have to remove their belongings if they signed another lease in IL? How long does a tenant have to remove their belongings if they signed another lease in IL?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can my spouse get full custody of the twins if he isn&#39;t the father but signed the birth certificate? my spouse is not the father of our twin sons. he did sign the birth cert. Now he wants out of our 9 year marriage. Can he get full custody of the twins? is he obligated to pay child support because he claimed the boys as his own	Family Questions	North Carolina
Question regarding a child choosing which parent they want to live with? I am the legal custodial parent of my 15-year-old son who has just suddenly decided he wants to go live with his father. I do not think it is in his best interest for a variety of reasons.  Both my son and his father say that he has the right to decide on his own who he lives with. We all live in Alabama. I have not been able to find anything in AL law stating the child can simply choose and that is that. Can you please help us clear this up?Thanks,Kelly	Family Questions	Alabama
If you get fired and find a job that pays low do I still pay the same amount that child support gave me? If you get fired and find a job that pays low do I still pay the same amount that child support gave me? I cant pay 1,200 i make 800. But the judge tell me it got to stay the same because i lost my job that was pay 1200. Can he do that? I make lase money.	Family Questions	New York
If I voluntarily surrender the unit before the court date, could the judge still issue an eviction order? I live in the state of GA. I am scheduled for court date to be evicted from my apartment. If I voluntarily surrender the unit before the court date, could the judge still issue an eviction order? I am trying to avoid an eviction on my credit.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What does &quot;NOTICE RETURNED SERVED&quot; mean in Pinellas County, Florida?	Legal Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Florida
Does your car insurance go up when your child turns 15? Does your car insurance go up when your child turns 15?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Violation of my girlfriend&#39;s DUI probation to ride in a vehicle with me while i have a concealed handgun? I live in the state of Oregon and I have a Permit to carry a concealed handgun. My girlfriend recently got a DUI and is on probation stating that she cannot possess any firearm, weapon, or dangerous animal. My question is: Is it a violation of her probation to ride in a vehicle with me or be in our residence while i have a concealed handgun on my person?	Criminal Questions	Oregon
If I work for a small state college, is comp time suppose to be paid out at time and a half? I work for a small state college in Virginia. I am one of the campus police officers. Recently I contacted our HR department to see what my pay out would be as I am getting ready to move out of state. I was told that my built up comp time is paid at straight time. I thought comp time was suppose to be paid out at time and a half?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Mother keeps child from father because they shared room. My daughter is being kept from me because we share a room together and the financial situation. She has her own bed and was very happy being here. She shares a room at her mother's with her mothers BF's little boy. What can I do? I live in Florida.	Family Questions	Florida
child support if I over paid on child support for several years, will I get reimbursed or will courts just recalculated and make a recommendation and modify support to amount it should be and leave at that and not be reimbursed from prior years I over paid?	Family Questions	Michigan
Question regarding a new place that has a lot of problems after moving in? We needed a new fridge and the first one they brought us didn't have shelves or drawers in it for 4 weeks before they brought us a different fridge. Then the light in the bedroom hasn't worked since the week after we moved in (07/10/2012) and that's still not fixed. The back door doesn't lock. When it rains the roof leaks and the water runs through the walls and into the floor. All the floors smell like mold and where the fridge sits is starting to bow in. We've tried cleaning the carpets multiple times and can't get the smell out and there is mold on the bathroom ceiling. What can I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Carolina
Any other alternatives if small claims court is my only option for recovering the cost of having a carpenter fix? I have discovered an apparent latent defect in my Arizona home built 6-7 years ago. A stud for framing an exterior door was not installed, and the exterior trim has very little to be nailed to except the door frame.  The trim is warping and pulling away from the door, revealing the insulation installed in the wall adjacent to the door.  I've been told that small claims court is my only option for recovering the cost of having a carpenter fix the problem.  Any other alternatives?  Suggestions?  Thank you.	Personal Injury Questions	Arizona
How do I remove a felony from my record that is under first offenders and is 7 years old? How do I remove a felony from my record that is under first offenders and is 7 years old? Sale of controlled substance. It is keeping me from getting a job. I did violate by not paying fine but I am all paid up and off probation and it still appears. I did 3 months for that violation of probation.	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Would I still have to pay child support if I signed over my parental rights? Would I still have to pay child support if I signed over my parental rights?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can I sue a car dealership for selling me a used, damaged car even if I didn&#39;t get a car-fax? Can I sue a car dealership for selling me a used, damaged car even if I didn't get a car-fax?	Consumer Questions	Idaho
Can I go to jail for slapping my 16-year-old son? I live in California State. Can I go to jail for slapping my 16-year-old son? I have no criminal record or any abuse at all.	Family Questions	California
What form of incorporation will best serve a business for online digital services with social network? What form ofincorporationwill best serve a business for online digital services with social and mlm network platform mediums?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Minnesota
In a community property state, does a wife have legal rights to husband&#39;s bank account? In a community property state, does a wife have legal rights to husband's bank account?	Family Questions	Idaho
Anything I can do to avoid paying if I was charged for two classes I did not attend due to lack of financial aid? I was charged for two courses at a local college for classes I did not attend due to the fact there was no financial aid available.  They are charging since I did not drop the classes.  Is there anything I can do to avoid paying?	Consumer Questions	Minnesota
Do I have any legal right if my sisters want to sell the land? I have lived on my parents land next to them in a different house since 1987. My father has passed and my mother is now in an assisted care facility. My sisters want to sell the land, Do I have any legal right to it?     Virginia	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Any rights if I have been convicted of a crime multiple times that was proven I never committed? Do I have any rights if I have been convicted of a crime multiple times that was now proven I never committed?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Collect back child support prior to my divorce if I have an existing child support order &amp; my divorce is final? I have an existing child support order and my divorce is final. Can I collect back child support prior to my divorce?	Family Questions	Missouri
Question regarding a renter that has contents insurance while the owner has homeowners insurance? A homeowner is transferred and rents his house. The renter has contents insurance, and the owner has homeowners insurance. The renter is cooking dinner on a "table top" grill that is setting on the deck. About 6 hours later the deck is on fire and does about 15k damages to house and deck. The insurance company pays the owner for the loss and now the are subjugating the renter for their loss. Can they win this case? Or are they bluffing?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Question regarding Spouse dies and mortgage not in my name? Spouse dies and mortgage not in my name. I was late 2 months on the payments which I have sent to them.  It was sent back. The check now wants to do a foreclosure. The only person I can talk to is in India and does not speak good English and does not return my calls. Note this is Missouri.	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Are underglow LED lights legal in Oklahoma? Are underglow LED lights legal in Oklahoma?	Consumer Questions	Oklahoma
If mom received child support but discovered child did not continue education should she have to pay back? If mom received child support in Missouri but later discovered child did not continue education should she have to payback child support?	Family Questions	Florida
If I I stole something when I was 15, do I need to state that in my gun permit application or not? I stole something when I was 15 and I was wonder if I need to state that in my gun permit application or not? Has it been expunged without me doing anything. Also do I need a license to fertilizes peoples yards. Thanks	Criminal Questions	Indiana
What should they do if the people left the scene of an accident cause they were scared? There was an auto accident and the person left the scene of the accident because they were scared.  What should they do?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Question regarding as a UPS driver that has been out on disability since March 2007? I am a UPS driver that has been out on disability since March 2007.  My disability is up next month and have been told by my doctors that I can't return to work as a driver.  I Am still on the roster at UPS. What usually happens next?	Employment Questions	South Carolina
Can a parent sign over their rights if they got an order to pay child support for a child they never get to see? Can a parent sign over their rights if they got a court order to pay child support for a child that they don't ever get to see or talk to the child and can it be dropped if they money is not being used on the child on the order? If so, will the child support be dropped too?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Question regarding salary hours as a roustabout on oil rigs? I work as a roustabout on oil rigs in Pennsylvania. My employer has me on a salary of $550 per week. We work upwards of 60 hour work weeks yet only reach overtime pay when we exceed 53 hours a week. I want to know why they base their hours on that odd number instead of the regular 40?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
Is it legal for companies to take money from your account without notice or personal authorization? Is it legal for companies to take money from your account without notice or personal authorization?  It was someone else's bill.  I just use my card one time to pay the bill for them.	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
How long does it take for a bank to foreclose on a modular home in the state of Michigan? How long does it take for a bank to foreclose on a modular home in the state of Michigan?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
If I want to rent my property and it has swimming pool what should I do with my lease agreement about pool? If I want to rent my property and it has swimming pool what should I do with my lease agreement about pool?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
How do you go about taking away an estranged father&#39;s rights when the mother has been the provider? How do you go about taking away a father's parental rights when the mother has been the sole provider and the father has been unreachable for almost 10 years?	Family Questions	Colorado
Question regarding adoption from mother&#39;s second husband and property from my estranged father? I was adopted by my Mother's second husband when I was 8 years old. I just received a phone call from a woman in Florida who was doing an heir search. My biological Father passed away August 23, 2010, and there is a property in Florida that he owned. I was told that even though I am his biological daughter, my adoption voids me as an heir.There is no other family members.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I move out of the state without my ex&#39;s permission with my daughter? In the state of Colorado, I have been supporting my 1 year old daughter by myself since she was born. Her father hasn't seen her since she was born and has never provided any form of support. Can I move out of the state without his permission? I have no way of contracting him as it is.	Family Questions	Colorado
Am I able to sue someone if they didn&#39;t pay babysitting fees? Am I able to sue someone if they didn't pay babysitting fees?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If I have a 17-year-old that refuses to come home, What can I do to make her come home? I have a 17-year-old that refuses to come home. What can I do to make her come home?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Am I still obligated to pay the old landlord if he sold the property but still collecting? I've been renting my home for the last 3 years. I've recently found out that my landlord sold the property but is still collecting monthly rent. No new landlord has showed. Am I still obligated to pay the old landlord?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Does a non custodial parent have to pay support if the child is 18 and is not enrolled in school? In the state of Indiana does a non custodial parent have to pay support if the child is 18 and is not enrolled in school?	Family Questions	Indiana
Legal if I have a handicapped placket but my employer is making me park four blocks from my building? I have a handicapped placket because of health reasons and my employer is making me park four blocks from my building is this legal? There is a shuttle but it drops off two blocks away.	Employment Questions	Florida
How much time am I allowed after my father&#39;s death to open his estate? I am wondering how much time I am allowed after my father's death to open his estate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
If I&#39;m putting in a notice of resignation, can I be demoted/receive pay reduction? If I'm putting in a notice of resignation, can I be demoted/receive pay reduction?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How can I find the right attorney to seek for my situation? I'm not sure which type of an attorney to seek for my situation. How can I find out?	Family Questions	Indiana
Question regarding unemployment benefits and paying them back? I was fired and received unemployment benefits  (over $2000.00.) I drew for three months.  The union got my job back .  I was rehired and kept my seniority but they said they would not pay back pay.  I said okay because i had received unemployment.  Now they want me to pay back the unemployment benefit, plus a $500.00 interest.  The amount of $2635.20 including interest.  I was without work for three months.  Why do I have to pay it back?	Employment Questions	Virginia
In Ohio Up to what age do you have to pay child support? In Ohio Up to what age do you have to pay child support? Normal healthy kids or another disabilities involved or anything like that?	Family Questions	Ohio
If my ex-mother-in-law has a POA for my child &amp; I want to move her away, is it legal? If my soon to be ex-mother-in-law has a power of attorney for my child & I want to move her from there with her to Houston with my family, is it legal to do so?	Family Questions	Virginia
What do I do if my landlord asked me to leave because of my cats? My landlord ask me to leave my house because she doesn't want a cats. I have 2 cats & now I want to leave and she said that that was passed and If I leave I'm responsible for 3 months. What to do?	Leasing Questions	Florida
If my ex husband is behind on maintenance to me, How can I collect on all back pay? If my ex husband is behind on maintenance to me, How can I collect on all back pay?	Family Questions	Missouri
Do I have a case against the horse&#39;s former owner? I was given a horse about a year and a half ago for free. I remember her stating that if I get him that she could come here and ride once in awhile. She says that she told me that she would get him back if I couldn't keep him (which I do not remember this being brought up), I had to place him about a month ago due to my health and financial situation. I had contacted her husband before doing so to see if they knew anyone that might want him. Any how, now she is having a fit saying that if I do not get her horse and tack back to her then I was going to owe her $3500.00 for it all. Is there a case here? What can I do? She is telling me this is not over by a long shot. I do not want to be bothered on a daily basis and I can NOT get the horse back.	Consumer Questions	New York
Need help on used car return policy? Need help on used car return policy?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
What is a petition for designation of e-mail address? What is a petition for designation of e-mail address?	Family Questions	Florida
How long does it to take for unemployment appear broad? How long does it to take for unemployment appear broad?	Employment Questions	New York
Do I have to give my landlord my security code to enter my rental house? In Arkansas, do I have to give my landlord my security code to enter my rental house? I have not changed the locks, but they said they tried to call and entered it anyway. My alarm went off for hours. They came by today and asked for my new code. Did I have to give it to them?	Real Estate Questions	Arkansas
What should my son do if he has a court appearance and won&#39;t make it cause he&#39;s incarcerated? My son has a court appearance in Indiana and will not be able to make it because he is incarcerated in another state.  What should he do?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Question involving car accident during heavy traffic? You were involved in a car accident during heavy traffic, and tried to stop in place but heavy moving traffic forbade you from reaching pulling over close to the other car for information exchange. You pulled over a block or two away and walked to find the car but couldn't find it and so you left. What can you do to find out if the police report has been issued and they are looking for you? And if police was called what should be the next step in finding out if your car has been identified and are looking for you? Should you go in person in the precinct and ask for information?	Criminal Questions	New York
Question regarding identity theft? I'm a victim of identity theft. The person using my credit card has spent over $14.000.00. The collection agency wants me to pay this amount.I have provided them with police reports. They insist I'm responsible.	Consumer Questions	California
If our property is a gift deed life estate and we get divorced can i get paid half the value of the house? if our property is a gift deed life estate and we get divorced can i get paid half the value of the house and property	Wills and Trusts Questions	Hawaii
Question about selling our late mother&#39;s house and get our equity from the sale? my mother passed away in 2001 and me and my sister were named in her will as owning 1/2 of her home. Her husband was given life estate to live in the home as long as he kept up the home and it was his PRIMARY residence. He has been in an assisted living home for 11 months. We would like to sell the house and get our equity from the sale. We do not have a good relationship with our mother's husband and he does not want to sell the house. He says he visits the house occasionally and does want to make a full commitment to the assisted living home. He is 85 years old and we live in New York state. What are our legal rights and what are our chances if we retain a lawyers and go to court?thanks, Kathy	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How do I locate information regarding a lawsuit filed on behalf of Claudia E. Sage in Fullerton, CA court? How do I locate information regarding a lawsuit filed on behalf of Claudia E. Sage in Fullerton, CA court?	Real Estate Questions	Arizona
Should I call my lawyer and ask for a continuance if I have a court &amp; don&#39;t have a way to get there? I have court on Tuesday and don't have a way to get there. Should I call my lawyer and ask for a continuance?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Can a landlord file an eviction notice with a lease that is not signed by the tenant? Can a landlord file aeviction notice formwith a lease that is not signed by the tenant?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a new landlord raise the rent $100.00 in one month on an elderly 79-year-old person? Can a new landlord raise the rent $100.00 in one month on an elderly 79-year-old person?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
Can a VA education (housing allowance) be garnished for child support in the state of Pennsylvania? Can a VA education (housing allowance) be garnished for child support in the state of Pennsylvania?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If my husband has been released to a halfway house &amp; he just got a job why haven&#39;t I receive any funds? If my husband has been released from jail to a halfway house & he just got a job why haven't I receive any funds in my card?	Employment Questions	New York
Possible if you write a will &amp; leave a vehicle to someone &amp; decide you want to give it to someone else? if you write a will and leave a vehicle to someone and then decide you want to give it to someone else before you die, can you do that in Texas?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
In NY, how old does a child have to be to decide what parent they want to live with? In NY, how old does a child have to be to decide what parent they want to live with?	Family Questions	New York
How much would I have to pay if I just found out I have a 15-year-old daughter? I just found out I have a 15-year-old daughter and now the mom wants child support. Would you know how much I would have to pay?	Family Questions	Colorado
What to do if my ex-boyfriend is trying to get custody of my children which he is not the father? My ex-boyfriend is trying to get custody of my children which he is not the father of either one. What would I do?	Family Questions	Nevada
If I&#39;m 16 and i want to marry a 30-year-old in Florida, can I do it without my moms consent? If I'm 16 and i want to marry a 30-year-old in Florida, can I do it without my moms consent?  And how do i do it?	Family Questions	Florida
What rights do I have if a lender never served me notice and proceeds with a trustee sale? What rights do I have if a lender never served me notice and proceeds with a trustee sale?	Real Estate Questions	Arizona
Question regarding father of my one-year-old child suing me for fraud? The father of my one year old child is going to sue me for fraud. Since I found out I was pregnant, there were doubts and he knew this. He took the responsibility without a DNA test. He has admitted to myself and my roommate on different occasions that he took a DNA test and it came out negative. The other guy found me and has seen pictures of the child and now wants to be a part of his life and get a DNA test done. The father apparently has witnesses and documents of me speaking to so-called friend's about this issue and now has told my roommate he will be suing me for fraud because he pays child support. Obviously I know I need a lawyer but cannot afford one. Am I looking at jail time?	Family Questions	Florida
Is it legal if the car dealership is making me sign another contract if they haven&#39;t found my bank? I bought 2 cars at a dealership and signed an Agreement for the payments and interest amount. I left with the cars and 5 days later was called and told that they couldn't find a bank to finance and tried to make me resign another contract with a 2 and 1/2 point interest rate increase. I have not signed the contract and they are saying if I  don't sign it they will take the vehicles. Is this legal?	Consumer Questions	California
If you only paid half of the child support, how long before a judgement of non payment is reported? If you only paid half of the child support for the month of August, How long do you have to pay the rest before a judgement of non payment is reported?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Is there anything I can do to get my deposit back? On August 21, I told my Landlord that I would need to break our lease as of October 1st. He verbally told us, when signing the lease, that if we gave reasonable notice and found a replacement tenant, that he would be lenient in returning the $400 deposit. We did not have a replacement yet, but I told him we would continue to look. My landlord told us that we would have to vacate the property if HE found a new tenant, and only then we would get our deposit back. In less than 24 hours after I gave him the notice, he found a replacement tenant and gave us 3 days to get out. We cooperated. Now he is refusing to give us back our security deposit and the extra week of rent we paid. Is there anything I can do to get my deposit back?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Question regarding currently working under the table in a mobile home park? I currently work under the table in a mobile home park. I also live there. They told me I am being terminated on Friday and i have until then to move out. Can they legally kick me out?	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do if you&#39;re wrongfully demoted? What to do if you're wrongfully demoted?	Employment Questions	Mississippi
How do I get my license back after it was suspended for non-child support? My license was suspended for non-child support. I have a lot of medical problems and it is hard to find rides back and forth to my Doctor let alone look for work that I may or may bot be able to do. How do I get it back?	Family Questions	Maine
If a person who&#39;s 20 is caught drinking alcohol, is this offense a petty offense or a misdemeanor? If a person who is 20 years old is caught drinking alcohol, is this offense a petty offense or a misdemeanor? And what is the difference?	Employment Questions	Colorado
With installment loans for 12 months for $2600.00, would the lender get over $3400.00 in interest? With installment loans for 12 months for $2600.00, would the lender get over $3400.00 in interest?	Consumer Questions	California
How do I know if I am actually starting a double shift and should be getting paid 1.5 times wage pay? I just worked a 8hrs shift and about to go back to work with less then 7hrs off the clock. How do I know if I am actually starting a double shift and should be getting paid 1.5 times wage and possible Double pay?	Employment Questions	California
View the document required for community property agreement in association with making a will? Where can I view/print the document required for community property agreement in association with making a will (married couple needing to transfer 100% of property ownership rights spouse upon their own decease) ?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Washington
Possible if I&#39;m 19 years old and I am looking at trying to get my 13 year old brother for custody? I'm 19 years old and i am looking at trying to get my 13 year old brother for custody. Is this possible and what do i have to do?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can a payday loan come to your house to collect? Can a payday loan come to your house to collect?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Am I liable for alimony, even though we were married a short time before she left? I filed for a divorce, but it was dismissed by the other party. Am I liable for alimony, even though we were married a short time before she left?	Family Questions	Arkansas
Question of my ex refusing to sign off on the mortgage deed and car title bill of sale? I divorced in Jan./Nevada, and in the divorce decree I was supposed pay two accounts that were in my ex-husband's name solely, and he was supposed to sign his name off the mortgage deed and the car title.  He did not give these companies permission to speak with me about these accounts, and as a result I could not make payments from January 2012 until present, 9 months.  The account balances have gone up thousands of dollars because he did not make any payments.  I don't feel I should be responsible for late and collection fees.  I want to settle on the debt.  As a result, he is refusing to sign off on the mortgage deed and car title bill of sale.	Family Questions	Nevada
Can my husband buy a house without my consent? Can my husband buy a house without my consent? We have joint bank accounts. We own 2 houses. I want to sell one before buying another. 10 weeks ago I told him I wanted to live separately from him. No legal action has taken place and no legal separation.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question regarding my mother wanting me to homestead her home in my name? I live in Hillsborough County in FL. My mother lives in Putnam County Florida. My mother bought a new home recently and wants me to homestead her home in my name for some reason. Can I do that legally if I say I live there even though I rent in Hillsborough County. If I can do I have to change my driver's license? what other documents do I have to change if I can do this. If I can't do this legally what crime an I committing and what are the consequences. Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How do I get my 2010 paperwork from my CPA so I can do my tax return? How do I get my 2010 paper work from my CPA so I can do my tax return?	Tax Questions	Massachusetts
Question regarding a divorce and not waiting a year since my husband is deployed? My husband and I have decided to get a divorce.  He has been deployed for a year.  We don't want to wait the full year to get our divorce.  We have a 3-year-old daughter.  Since his return we have lived separately. Do we have to wait the year?  We have divided everything up.  The divorce is uncontested.	Family Questions	Louisiana
What is the jail sentence for child abuse recklessly cause harm in Wisconsin? What is the jail sentence for child abuse recklessly cause harm in Wisconsin?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
What is the law regarding copying older sheet music? Can I copy works dating back to a certain date and past? For instance, would it be breaking copyright laws to copy a piece of music from 1959 (renewed) for a quartet to practice and sing for a church program? None	Copyright Questions	Ohio
What to do if the father has taken the child and won&#39;t give her back and they&#39;re not divorced yet? What to do if the father has taken the child and won't give her back and they're not divorced yet?	Family Questions	Kentucky
How do I give up my parental rights to an unruly 17-year-old? I have a unruly 17-year-old that has done some criminal acts. I need to know how do I give up my parental rights so that she will be on her own?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can I break my lease and move if my landlord gave me a threat when I was helping my friend? My friend was getting evicted and she asked me to help her move. As i was helping her move the landlord come out and said if you don't stop I will evict you next week. I feel like it was a threat and my rent is paid. Can i break my lease and move?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Question regarding writing a non-fiction book based on interviews with several people? I am currently writing a non-fiction book based on interviews with several people. I obtain recorded verbal permission during the  recorded interviews to use their content in the book.  Do I also need to obtain written permission to use their interview/comments?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What legal action is there if I got an email about being paid for training but later on wasn&#39;t? I am currently working as a subcontractor for a work from home company. I was sent an email from the company that I would get paid training. But when the checks were disbursed the company that I am under has not paid me for it. I need to know what legal action i have against them?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
All blue placards look the same in each state, so all parking rules should be the same in each state, Right? While visiting Atlanta, GA we received a parking ticket for not paying a parking meter even though we displayed our disabled parking placard. In California if you have a valid disabled placard posted on your rear-view mirror you do not have to pay for metered parking. Correct me if I am wrong but all blue placards look the same in each state, so all parking rules should be the same in each state, Right?	Family Questions	California
Can an unwed mother move with her child out of the state of Colorado? Can an unwed mother move with her child out of the state of Colorado?	Family Questions	Colorado
What to do if my husband just sent me an email saying he cannot cope with the financial burdens? My husband just sent me an email saying he cannot cope with the financial  burdens anymore and wants a legal separation.	Family Questions	Colorado
Can my husband write full custody to the mother/mistress and not pay child support? My husband had an affair and his mistress is pregnant. We are trying to reconcile and want to make it work. Can he write full custody to the mother and not pay child support?	Family Questions	Utah
Can an employer face penalties for terminating an employee and giving her unsigned checks in CA? Can an employer face penalties and/or fines for terminating an employee and giving her unsigned checks in the State of California?	Employment Questions	California
What to do if my ex is keeping my daughter from me? My soon to be ex-husband is keeping my daughter from me without a good reason. I'm trying to see her but he won't let me. What should I do?	Family Questions	Florida
if the house I live in is sold how long do I have before I have to move. if the house I live in is sold how long do I have before I have to move.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Could you sue your job if they leave you at a work site and allow you to walk home and fire you? Could you sue your job if they leave you at a work site and allow you to walk home and after you file a complaint you get fire?	Employment Questions	Florida
What do I have to do if my home is in one state and I am in another state when I pass away? What do I have to do if my home is in one state and I am in another state when I pass away?	Wills and Trusts Questions	South Carolina
Can you go for a job interview when you are on medical leave from the same company? Can you go for a job interview when you are on medical leave from the same company?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can a rental lease be broken without paying  full term of the lease? In the state of Oregon, can a lease on a rental house be broken without paying the full term of the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Would I have a case against the tax preparers? The tax preparer set up an account with the bank that was supposed to mail your state tax refund.  They used your state tax refund to pay the fees for your federal income tax refund. Would I have a case against the tax preparers?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can I go back to court and get a raise now even though I agreed to these terms? I went to court in March 2012 and agreed to keep my child support the same that its been for11 years. Also my son's father agreed to keep his son for 3days out of the week. Can I go back to court and get a raise now even thou I agreed to these terms?	Family Questions	Alabama
Does an employer have the right to harass you after hours? Does an employer have the right to harass you after hours?	Employment Questions	Florida
How do I dissolve an LLC in the state of Missouri? How do I dissolve an LLC in the state of Missouri?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Missouri
Can an insurance co. force you to install a fire suppression system on a auto body paint booth if it has been grandfathered in and not required by fire dept? Can an insurance co. force you to install a fire suppression system on a auto body paint booth if it has been grandfathered in and not required by fire dept?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
Does my ex-wife have the right not to drop off or pick up my child on the weekends? Does my ex-wife have the right not to drop off or pick up my child on the weekends? Also does my ex-wife have the write to claim my daughter on her taxes every if she doesn't work? She saws her husband can claim her.	Family Questions	Wisconsin
If my income is more than the legal guardian, who is responsible for the child&#39;s medical insurance? If my income is more than the legal guardian,  who is responsible for the child's medical insurance?   The other parent currently covers all medical insurance.	Family Questions	New York
Question regarding recently offered a loan? I was recently offered a loan. They sent a contract and asked that I pay collateral. I sent the collateral and they said it was not enough and that I needed to send a second payment of equal amount. I declined sending a second payment since I could not afford to. Therefore, I had to cancel the contract and I then requested a full refund. The contract stated that if the contract was broken, I would receive full refund in 30 business days, not including Fridays or weekends. Upon reaching the 31 day mark, I called and sent many emails asking about the status of my refund. Once I was finally connected to a 'Manager', he said that I would have to pay their 'finance department', a fee of $170 in order for them to give me my refund. Is this legal?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Missouri
What are the laws governing Lottery in the State of MO? What are the laws governing Lottery in the State of MO?  What is the punishment for running a personal lottery with the MO lottery numbers.	Criminal Questions	Missouri
How should I handle my case if I dialed 911 intoxicated and the charge is $165.57? I was drunk and stupidly dialed 911. The charge is $165.570. I was NOT thinking and of coarse regret my actions. How should I handle my case? Plead guilty or try to fight? It's in Washington County.	Criminal Questions	Oregon
Can I sue my doctor&#39;s office if a secretary is telling info on my personal visits to people? Can I sue my doctor's office if a secretary is telling info on my personal visits to people?	Privacy Questions	Wisconsin
How to file petition for expungement? I am looking for help to file a petition to get my felony expunging.	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if my upstairs neighbors are extremely noisy all day and night? I live in Florida and live in a downstairs apartment. My upstairs neighbors are extremely noisy all day and night. They sound like they are coming through my ceiling and it never stops before 4 or 5 am every morning. My pictures had to be removed from the walls because they fall down and break from the banging. I've complained non-stop to my landlord to no avail. I am desperate to find out what I can do.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What does it mean when it says wc- case sent to collections after a bench warrant has been issued? What does it mean when it sayes wc- case sent to collections after a bench warrant has been issued when you look up a case on court records. I am asking because I need to know. Thank you.	Criminal Questions	Oklahoma
If my grandchildren&#39;s parents should die would a notarized letter giving me custody hold up legally? If my grandchildren's parents should die would a notarized letter giving me custody hold up legally?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can I get alimony if we have an annual income of $40,000? I've been married 21 years. I want to divorce my husband. We have an annual income of 40,000. Can I get alimony? If so how much?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Can child support docket sheets be used in custody court to prove non custodial parent has lied? Can child support docket sheets be used in custody court to prove non custodial parent has lied?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If I am evicted in NYS and cannot remove all my personal property on time, what happens to it? If I am evicted in NYS and cannot remove all my personal property on time, what happens to it?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What is my likely outcome in my case for possession of a switchblade knife? What is my likely outcome in my case for possession of a switchblade knife? I got arrested and booked for it and now have a misdemeanor. It's my first offense.	Criminal Questions	California
Question regarding a lease for a month to month basis? I am on a month to month lease (I think!)Original is from 2006, new owners amended it in 2008. The duplexes are due to be demolished at an unspecified date. I assume there is no lease as the last document was signed in 2008. Nothing is specified in any document so, how much notice do I need to give to move out?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Law the same that if a parent does not contact the child within 6 months they lose all parental rights? Is the law in Oregon still the same that if a parent does not contact the child by phone in person or by letter within 6 months they lose all parental rights to that child	Family Questions	Oregon
At what age does a child have a legal right to decide where he wants to live? At what age does a child have a legal right to decide where he wants to live?	Family Questions	New York
How do I find out if my husband went back to Mexico? how do I find out if my husband went back to Mexico? or if he's even still alive?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Can my name be removed from a lease if I am working more than 150 miles from that address? Can my name be removed from a lease if I am working more that 150 miles from that address if I am not living there anymore?	Family Questions	Indiana
if both mother and father gave custody to me (the grandmother) can they take him back? if both mother and father gave custody to me the grandmother can they take him back?	Family Questions	Louisiana
How to define a live-in address if I rent an apartment in NY and live with my son? My working place is on other state where I filed an N-400. How to define a live-in address if I rent an apartment in NY and live with my son? My working place is on other state where I filed an N-400.	Immigration Questions	New York
Question regarding our FL condo with a board member elections? In our Florida Condo a board member is elected for a two year term and may serve for 3 consecutive terms (6 yrs). If a member was appointed to fill a 1 yr. vacancy and they ran for 3 consecutive terms that would be 7 years,  Would they finish that last 3rd term or would they have to step down and let the board appoint someone to fill that spot for the last year?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Should I complain to Kmart&#39;s corporate office about an about an advertised sale item? My question pertains to consumer rights.  Yesterday I paid a visit to my local Kmart store.  I intended to purchase a sale item, which was advertised in their weekly circular.  I was told the sale was a misprint and I would not be able to purchase the item.  When I emphasized, the store still has the obligation to honor the price advertised, the manager, at first, refused altogether, but then agreed to sell me one at the advertised sale price.  He stated, NYS law only requires he honors one item at the sale price.  Should I complain to Kmart's corporate office?  Do I have a Legitimate gripe?  Thanks in advance for your input.	Consumer Questions	New York
If my 13-year-old son does not want to see his Father, does he have to? My 13-year-old son does not want to see his Father. Does he have to? The court visitation has never been followed and his Father demands to see him whenever he wants.	Family Questions	Florida
Can I accept the past rent while we wait the 60-day period to end, or not? We just end a Unlawful detainer case, which we lost.  We now have to refile our UD after we serve a 60-day notice to quit.  My question is, the tenant owes $10,000.00 in rent. Can I accept the past rent while we wait the 60-day period to end, or not?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it legal for them to delay giving me my direct deposit paycheck? I work for a grocery store and supposed to get direct deposit of my paycheck every Wednesday into my bank account. Is it legal for them to delay giving me my direct deposit paycheck?	Employment Questions	Colorado
What are my rights if I am served a human contaminated beverage? What are my rights if I am served a human contaminated beverage?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
Can an emergency room doctor deny me care? Can an emergency room doctor deny me care?	Personal Injury Questions	Alabama
Able to contest if my late mother left my father the beneficiary but they have been divorced over 30 years? I'm the only child. My mother has passed away and she left my father the beneficiary but they have been divorced over 30 years. Can I contest this?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How soon after a bankruptcy debt is paid can a home be purchased? How soon after a bankruptcy debt is paid can a home be purchased?  or is it "law" that a period of 2 years is the waiting period after the debt is paid?  I filed a Chapter 13 March 2011, the debt has been paid in full in June 2012.	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
Need the biological father&#39;s permission to change son&#39;s last name when my wife has sole custody? My wife and I want to change her son's last name that she had from a previous relationship. She has sole legal and physical custody. We are not sure were to start and whether or not we need the biological father's permission?	Family Questions	Utah
Do I need to file for custody of my daughter in WA since her father recently went to rehab? Do I need to file for custody of my daughter in Washington state since her father recently went to rehab?	Family Questions	Washington
Even though the test came back that she is his, does the father have the right not to bring her back? My daughter's father took her without my permission and he won't bring her back. Even though his name is not on the birth certificate and the test came back that she is his, does he have the right not to bring her back?	Family Questions	Florida
Question regarding allowing a prisoner to stay at my home while on parole? I allowed a prisoner to stay at my home while on parole. He is now back in prison. His family wants to come get his personal belonging, which I have no problem with. The problem is they want to leave unwanted junk, such as 2 worthless boats on my property. Do I have an option of telling them take all or nothing??? They want me to pay for removal. The family owes me 1,500.00 in lawyer fees already and has only paid $300.00 so far. What can I do??	Family Questions	Kentucky
How can I find out if the probate attorney that my family has hired is scamming my inheritance? How can I find out if the probate attorney that my family has hired is scamming my inheritance for me and my bothers and sister?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
Question regarding my daughter being separated from her three boys? My daughter is separated with three young boys (9, 7, 2) and has signed divorce papers which will be given to her husband this week.  Her lawyer suggested she try to get back to her house (which is on an island) and secure their computer since he is not cooperating with information.  He has threatened my daughter about stepping foot on the island, but they are legally still married.  How could she safely go about securing the information needed on his computer?	Family Questions	Florida
What legal steps can I take if I want to move to help my aging mother with my son but my ex won&#39;t let me? I live here in the US and have joint custody of our 12 year old son. I would like to move back to Germany because my mother is aging and not doing well. My ex husband works in Afghanistan as a contractor for several years and only sees my son once a year . Yet he still wont consent to let me move back to Germany. What legal steps can I take?	Family Questions	Georgia
Does accepting a  friendly neighbor offer restrict you from pursing other avenues for repair cost? In a request over repairs on the outside of condo with the Community Board of Directors, does accepting a  friendly neighbor offer restrict you from pursing other avenues for repair cost?	Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
In Louisiana is there any way to file for domicile parent without going to court? In Louisiana is there any way to file for domicile parent without going to court?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can I legally get my daughter homeschooled when her mother wants her to go to a regular school? My daughter is 16 years old. She's hates her mother and wants to live with me. Her mother wants her to go to orchard park high school and I want her to get homeschooled. My daughter has been begging me to get her home schooled, can I legally get her homeschooled?	Family Questions	New York
What to do if my  son would like to have full custody of his son? My son would like to have full custody of his son. They share joint custody now, with her having custodial rights. He starts school this year and they want to keep him all week with dad only seeing him on the weekends. But here is the kicker he does not live with the mom, he lives with her parents.	Family Questions	California
Does Kaiser have right to refuse medical insurance to someone diagnosed with stemcell cancer? Does Kaiser foundation have legal right to refuse medical insurance for a 24-year-old girl diagnosed with stemcell cancer?  She desires to go to Stanford as they do biopsies which Kaiser does not.	Family Questions	California
How do I file for a motion to modify a court order for physical care of my children? How do I file for a motion to modify a court order for physical care of my children in Woodbury County courts and were could i find the papers to print out?	Family Questions	South Dakota
I purchased a mobile home with $72,000 8 months ago. I got the key and moved in but title company still have not transfer name to mine. The tax is due and nobody pays the tax. I want to sue title company. How to start?	Real Estate Questions	California
Are custody cases that an attorney is not involved turn out good? Are custody cases that an attorney is not involved turn out good?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can Oregon use California criminal history as prejudice for charges filed in Oregon? Can Oregon use California criminal history as prejudice for charges filed in Oregon?	Criminal Questions	California
How do I go about getting custody of my son when I have no extra money for an attorney? How do I go about getting custody of my son when I have no extra money for an attorney?	Family Questions	Indiana
What to do if I need to stop child support payments as the child is 18 and does not go to school? i need to stop child support payments as the child is 18 and does not live at home. My divorce decree states she must be a full time student and living at home otherwise I don't pay if the 18 year old is living on her own. Please help me in this matter. The problem is I can't prove her new address. She also works.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
How do I get my parent rights to see my son? Me and my girlfriend just separated and we have a 9-month-old baby. I'm trying to tell her to bring my son over, so I can see him and play with him, but she refuses to bring him over. How do I get my parent rights to see my son.	Family Questions	Florida
Can my boss say that I can&#39;t get my vacation pay until I get back from my vacation? I wood like to take my vacation. I need my vacation pay to do so and my boss said that I cannot get it until I get back from my vacation. Can he do that?	Employment Questions	Florida
Grounds for a retrial if you are forced into going to trial with no proper amount of time to review? If you are forced into going to trial, and you don't feel as though you were given the proper amount of time to review everything, is that grounds for a retrial, or a mistrial?	Criminal Questions	New York
If I am the title owner but did not pay for the vehicle, is this my vehicle or the person who paid for it? If I am the Registered Owner and Certificate title owner but did not pay for the the vehicle in California, is this my vehicle or the person who paid for it? Also there is no covenant on it. and the it is paid in full with no lien.	Criminal Questions	California
Do my parents still have to support me after I turn 18 in New York state? Do my parents still have to support me after I turn 18 in New York state?	Family Questions	New York
What can I do if I got a 72-hour termination for non-payment? i got a 72hr termination for non payment. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
What is the statue of limitation in NYS for CPCS in the 7th? What is the statue of limitation in NYS for CPCS in the 7th?	Criminal Questions	California
If you leave home and your parents call the Police, will the Police make the 17 year old return home? At the age of 17 in NY, if you leave home and your parents call the Police, will the Police make the 17 year old return home?	Family Questions	New York
Question regarding my landlord giving me a 3 day pay or quit notice? I live in Florida.  My landlord has given me a 3 day pay or quit notice.  Does this mean we have only 3 days to leave or is this just the beginning of the eviction process?  How long do we have?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question regarding my contract with my listing agent expiring today? My contract with my listing agent expires today.  If I decide to list myself using a flat fee listing agency, will I owe my previous agent a fee if a buyer saw my house while it was listed under the previous listing contract?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
How does the provision apply when there are less than 5 but a city recycling plan is made available? In 2011 ORS 90.318 Criteria for landlord provision of certain recycling services.The provision in writing applies when the house has 5 or more rented units.  How does the provision apply when there are less than 5 but a city recycling plan is made available?  Our landlord is trying to force us to return all of our 5 cent returnables to the grocery store so the already robust homeless population will not take them from the street corner on recycling day.Is that a legal request when the tenants are paying for the service?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Can an employer take an employee who was salaried make them hourly and drop their pay? Can an employer take an employee who was salaried make them hourly and drop their pay?	Employment Questions	Florida
Why is it that shares in a co-operative may be sold by a broker who does not possess a Series 7license? Why is it that shares in a housing co-operative may be brokered (sold) by a real estate broker who does not possess a Series 7 license when all other shares must be sold by brokers who possess such a license.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can an individual be prosecuted under state criminal law when federal regulations cover the same behavior? Can an individual be prosecuted under state criminal law when federal regulations cover the same behavior and the federal penalties are much less?	Criminal Questions	Idaho
Can ex take me to court for belongings 4 months after break-up? Can my ex-boyfriend take me to court after 4 months after he walk out on me for his belonging?	Administrative Law Questions,Legal Questions	New York
what rights do I have to leave and receive unemployment if my boss cuts my hours a lot? If your schedule at work is for a set amount of hours and your boss cuts you out of the schedule not giving you the agreed upon hours what rights do I have to leave and receive unemployment?	Employment Questions	New York
Is there anyway i could at least get judgement to get another vehicle if i got injured and my vehicle totaled? i was in a car accident. It was the other drivers fault. neither had insurance but i got injured and my vehicle totaled. Is there anyway i could at least get judgement to get another vehicle?	Personal Injury Questions	Tennessee
Is it legal for my local water company to refuse to turn on my water because we are squatting? I am from Nelsonville Ohio and my family and I are living in a home that is owned by a woman who is deceased with no living will or an estate for this home. My local water company is refusing to turn on my water because they say we are squatting. Is it legal for them to refuse to turn on my water?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
How long does a county have to collect expenses from a parent due to a juvenile being detained? How long does a county have to try to collect expenses from a parent due to a juvenile being detained in juvenile detention, after the parent has been released as having paid all expenses.	Family Questions	Kansas
What will happen if the new tenant didn&#39;t pay the rent after I close the LLC company? I have a lease contract with the landlord for 5 years and I want to sale the business for another tenant. What will happen if the new tenant didn't pay the rent after I close the LLC company? Shall I be obliged to the landlord to pay the remaining of the lease time?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
In the state of KY does your employer have to give you a vacation if you work for a sawmill? In the state of KY does your employer have to give you a vacation if you work for a sawmill?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Can someone sue you if your tree is growing under their garage causing it to life? Can someone sue you if your tree is growing under their garage causing it to life?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is it legal for employers to force employees to work without pay? Is it legal for employers to force employees to work without pay? If not, what law is being violated? If an employee refuses and then is terminated,is there any recourse in an at will state(North Carolina). Is termination legal for this cause?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
If my ex is in prison and will be for life, can I sue him for child support? My ex is in prison and will be for life. His dad just died and left him a lot of money in a trust. Can I sue him for child support?	Family Questions	Missouri
What legal action can I take if my ex-wife allowed my 15 year old daughter to get her belly button pierced after I forbid it? She has custody. None	Family Questions	Ohio
Can a mother make a grown child move out of her house with a verbal notice? Can a mother make a grown child move out of her house with a verbal notice?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can a father Legally take his child out of state on vacation even if the mother disapproves? Can a father Legally take his child out of state on vacation even if the mother disapproves? The parents are separated and she does not want the father to take the son on vacation.	Family Questions	Florida
What to do if I hired a photographer for a wedding and she&#39;s holding the pictures hostage after paying? I got married on july 7th 2012, and hired a woman to do the photography for my wedding. She was paid at the wedding. She is now holding pictures hostage. Can i take her to small claims court to sue her. I would like to recieve my pictures. I have text messages as evidence to prove all of our aggreements through the whole wedding process. She acknowledged that she recieved payment through text. still no pictures.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
Do I have a good chance of emancipation? I don't live with my dad and he has full custody of me. I live with a friend and I want to go to school in a different area code then my father lives in. Do you think I have a good chance in getting emancipated?	Family Questions	California
Do I have to continue child support payments to an 18-year-old who&#39;s not in school and has a child? in Mississippi, do I have to continue child support payments to an 18 yr old, not in school who has a child of her own and living with her mother?	Family Questions	Mississippi
What is the procedure to evict an emancipated child from the home? What is the procedure to evict an emancipated child from the home?	Family Questions	Connecticut
If I bought a truck from private person &amp; I put money down, can i get the money if I don&#39;t want the truck? if I was going to buy truck from private person & I put money down, can i get all the money when I paid it and don't want the truck?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
What&#39;s the consequence if an annual corporate meeting is missed? What's the consequence if an annual corporate meeting is missed?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
Am I legally married in Michigan if I live in Ohio but I don&#39;t have my husband&#39;s last name? I got married in Ohio state but I live in Michigan and I never changed anything. I don't have my husband's last name. Am I legal married in the state of Michigan?	Family Questions	Michigan
If I am married and my spouse is not present, is there anyway for me to gain sole custody of my children? If I am married and my spouse is not present, is there anyway for me to gain sole custody of my children?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Legal for my probation officer to give out information about me to my ex wife and her therapist? is it legal for my probation officer to give out information about me to my ex wife and her therapist? What law would this violate?	Family Questions	Colorado
What is the legal age for a minor to move out of the parent&#39;s house without permission from the parent? What is the legal age for a minor to move out of the parent's house without permission from the parent in Montana?	Family Questions	Montana
Is my employer responsible to pay my time driving to my job sites? I use a company commercial truck to drive from to home to my job sites. Is my employer responsible to pay my time driving to my job sites?	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal for companies to require to clock in on a digital time clock? Is it legal for companies to require you to clock in on a digital time clock and not allow you to verify your hours on a weekly basis?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can you move out in Missouri at 17 with parental consent or can you move out with parental consent? Can you move out in Missouri at 17 with parental consent or can you move out with parental consent?	Family Questions	Missouri
What should I do if I have a ticket for Careless improvement mentioned in the state of Missouri? I have a ticket for Careless improvement mentioned in the state of Missouri. What should I do and plea?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
if you are taken into the police station and accused of a misdemeanor does your rights be read to you? if you are taken into the police station and accused of a misdemeanor does your rights be read to you?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
If a dead tree that was on my property fell on my neighbor&#39;s property, am I liable for damages? If a dead tree that was on my property that I was not aware of fell on my neighbor's property, am I liable for damages?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
If I gave my car to a repair shop to fix and it wasn&#39;t not fixed, do I have a lawsuit? If I gave my car to a repair shop to fix just overheating problem and the mechanic did not fix the problem, on top of that take the Engine apart, do I have a lawsuit against the repair shop or the mechanic?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
According to New York state law, can a college kick you out of school on false assumptions? According to New York state law, can a college kick you out of school on false assumptions?	Criminal Questions	New York
As a gay female, I want to know how I can go about giving my mate rights to my child? I live in Georgia, I'm a gay female and i want to know how can i go about giving my mate rights to my child like i already have?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can my boss make me take money out of my pocket, if I&#39;m short on the register to make me make it even? Can my boss make me take money out of my pocket, if I'm short on the register to make me make it even?	Employment Questions	California
Question regarding my fiance and her 2-year-old baby and custody? My fiance has a 2-year-old baby and has him pretty much 5 days a week and the baby's father takes him on the weekends. She doesn't have any paperwork stating what kind of custody she has. Should she be going to court and getting paperwork stating she has full custody in case her baby's father or grandparents try to take custody from her?	Family Questions	Florida
Legal if when I asked about my additional pay I was told that its not offered in that region? On Call Pay : I was a hourly employee for a property management co. I was instructed by the company that I was to take all the after hours calls for our region and was told to be available to respond to these calls. Which limited my personal time away from work. after 6.5 months straight of being on call i left the company. When i asked about my additional pay i was told that its not offered in that region. Is this legal ?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What is the penalty for a $27 food theft in Ohio summit county? What is the penalty for a $27 food theft in Ohio summit county?	Criminal Questions	California
Do I have to pay the fine if I received a Civil Citation for Tresspassing at an Indian Casino? I received a Civil Citation for Trespassing at an Indian Casino in San Diego, Ca. Do I have to pay the fine whatever it is or can I forget it?	Criminal Questions	California
Does a wife have power of attorney if the husband suffers long term rehabilitation from strokes? Does a wife have power of attorney if the husband suffers long term rehabilitation from strokes?  Specifically to see assets (car, home, etc. for financial assistance?  Both husband and wife are on SS benefits.	Family Questions	Illinois
Possibly being fired at my job for something that happened at the store? Possibly being fired at my job for something that happened at the store.  I was not working at the time or in uniform. I was also not charged by the officer. So I have no pending charges. Just seeing if it is legal for them to fire me?	Employment Questions	Florida
How do I get out of a covenant marriage? How do I get out of a covenant marriage?	Family Questions	Arkansas
How do I handle a situation of a bench warrant I had in 2005 without turning myself in? I was doing my re-enlistment and I just found out that I have a bench warrant in the state I use to live in 2005. How do I handle that situation without turning myself in?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Can a public defender make a plea without the knowledge of the defendant? Can a public defender make a plea without the knowledge of the defendant?	Criminal Questions	Wyoming
About how long does a divorce take when i go through legal aid? About how long does a divorce take when i go through legal aid?	Family Questions	Indiana
Will I need to get my biological father&#39;s signature to be adopted from my stepdad? I am 17 years old and my stepdad wants to adopted me. Will I need to get my biological fathers signature to be adopted.	Family Questions	Kentucky
Question regarding a life lease community in DeForest? I live in  a life lease community in DeForest.  When we closed on our property we were given a list of list of Rules and Regulations for our community.  Item 8 states in part the "No single guest may visit a resident for more than twenty one (21) days in a calendar year."One residentt has her daughter and two small children residing with her for more than two years.  Management has turned a blind eye to this even though we have  pictures of her car every evening and morning for more than 21 days, management still refuses to make her comply with our rules.  We have sent a letter to management stating our grievances and we were told we were bullying this resident and made to feel like we were the ones in the wrong.	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if my parole officer is lying to set me up? My parole officer is lying to set me up. What to do?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can I take my 2 kids &amp; leave my husband in IN where we live now &amp; go back home to GA to file for divorce? Can I take my 2 kids and leave my husband in Indiana where we live now and go back home to Georgia to file for divorce?	Family Questions	Indiana
Do they have to hand over my baby to the person I give full custody to? I gave guardianship to someone. Now they will not give me my baby if I sign full custody to someone else. Do they have to hand over baby to the person I give full custody?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
If we divorce how much is my wife entitled to when I pay for everything except her car? I've Been married 7 years  with no kids and I pay for everything except her car. If we divorce how much is she entitled to?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I go about settling my Father&#39;s estate in Indiana from GA? How do I go about settling my Father's estate in Indiana from GA?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How to transfer a deed in NC? How to transfer a deed in NC?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
What to do if I bought a car and after finding fault, the seller will not give me my money back? I bought a car on craigslist and discover the car had issue. On the day i went to pick it up from the seller i called the seller to inform him but he does not want to give me my money back.	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Question regarding a house on foreclosure when a company kept the rent money? I have a house under foreclosure and my wife signed a contract with a co. that was supposed to buy it from the bank but i did not do anything. They rented the property and kept the rent money. Can you help me?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
how long does the divorce process take after mediation? how long does the divorce process take after mediation?	Family Questions	Florida
Question if someone gets a divorce in AZ &amp; the spouse who owes child and spousal support to CA? Someone gets a divorce in Arizona and the spouse who owes child and spousal support moves to California. Is it in arrears for a large portion of support. He is now in line for an inheritance what recourse does the ex wife have to collect from that inheritance. Can she put a lien on the estate?	Family Questions	Arizona
Recourse if we didn&#39;t know that our heating air conditioning system never passed inspection? We've been told that we've lived under very dangerous conditions for the pass three years because of a heating air conditioning system that could have never passed inspection. Do we have any recourse?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Is it legal to have someone admitted to a hospital who is a threat to himself or to others? Is it legal to have someone admitted to a hospital who is a threat to himself or to others?	Family Questions	Tennessee
If I was to still rent out the unit, what could the association do as a penalty? Hi,I live in California and live in a home with an association. The rule just changed last year where it is stated in the CCRs that you can not rent out your unit. The repercussions for doing so are not stated. If I was to still rent out the unit, what could the association do as a penalty? The property is currently on the market anyways.Thanks	Real Estate Questions	California
Ex-wife allowed boyfriend to live with our children. I live in Arkansas. For the last 7 months, my ex-wife has had her boyfriend living with her in the same house as our girls, who are 15 and 16. The divorce decree states that neither of us can do that, so I was wondering what I can do about that or if there is a law against it?	Family Questions	Arkansas
Question regarding adding my father&#39;s name to my Birth certificate? I need to ad my father's name to my Birth certificate. I was born in Delaware but live now in Georgia. Can I do a Petition to amend by Birth Certificate and if so what is the relief I have to request the court to give a court order for another state birth certificate.thank you	Family Questions	Georgia
With a short sale of 2nd mortgage, do we wait until the sale is done or can we proceed now in buying? We short sold the 2nd Mortgage on our home in Florida. it is in the process now. We are relocating to Georgia. We want to buy a home there. How is this going to effect us and what will we need to put down? Do we wait until the sale is done or can we proceed now in buying?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
I live in Washington state (Pierce County) where I bought a car today and transmission is already slipping.  Can I cancel contract and bring back car for my money back? I heard we have the right to cancel contracts within 3 days (72 hours). Is this true?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Washington
how do I form an llc? how do I form an llc?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Michigan
Legal recourse if I told repeatedly for the 21-year-old male to not pursue my 17-year-old daughter? I live in the state of Florida and I have a 21-year-old male pursuing my 17-year-old daughter and I have told him on several occasions that I do not approve and he continues to pursue her. Do I have legal recourse?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I sue if my mailbox was hit and the car took off but the driver left their front bumper? My mailbox was hit and the car took off. The driver left their front bumper so we have the  name and address of the owner. No one is doing anything about it. Can I sue?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Right if my company sent me home because my computer at work broke down and want me to use PTO? My company send me home because my computer at work broke down. This happened two days in a row and they want to pay me using my PTO. Is is right for them to do that since I showed up for work and it was not my fault that they could not provide me with a computer to do my job and offered me nothing else to do?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Question regarding the mortgage of our house and our son&#39;s name on it? Our son is on our mortgage and the deed to our house.  My wife and I have made all the payments.  What would happen with the house if we, either my wife or myself or both of us, need to go into a nursing home?  Would it be better if he was not on these things?	Real Estate Questions	New York
In the state of Florida is a verbal contract binding in real estate? In the state of Florida is a verbal contract binding in real estate?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question regarding losing a small claim case? In Las Vegas, Nevada, we lost a small claim case. We have been making regular payments. However, for the last several months our payments are returned. What should we do?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
When is a marriage and or divorce dissolved or finalized? When is a marriage and or divorce dissolved or finalized? Are expenses occurred by either party after a marriage or divorce is dissolved considered expenses of the divorce? Example problems with child support and or visitation rights that may require the services of and attorney.	Family Questions	Colorado
Do I have rights if I just moved into a rental and my handyman found some health code violations? I just move into a rental yesterday and I had a handyman come out and look at things afterwards and he told me of some health code violations. Do I have rights and what do I do?	Real Estate Questions	California
What does App of Surviving Spouse for Exempt Property &amp; Homestead Allowance mean? I just need to know what this means: App of Surviving Spouse for Exempt Property & Homestead Allowance?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Missouri
Can an employer take over a month to pay severance? Can an employer take over a month to pay severance?	Employment Questions	Florida
What happens if a defendant in a lawsuit is found liable but cannot afford to pay damages? What happens if a defendant in a lawsuit is found liable but cannot afford to pay damages?	Personal Injury Questions	California
How long after my wife has left me am I obligated to hold on to her personal belongings? I am married. I live in the state of Oregon. How long after my wife has left me am I obligated to hold on to her personal belongings?	Family Questions	Oregon
Can an employee that&#39;s been terminated have the right to request a copy of his file including his termination? Can and does an employee that's been terminated have the right to request verbally & in writing a copy of his file including his termination notice which has not seen or given copy of?  If request has been denied are there laws against this?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Who should file for divorce first-the man or the woman? Who should file for divorce first-the man or the woman?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
What do I do if my union denied to fight arbitration for me because of accusation of insubordination? What do I do if my union denied to fight arbitration for me because of accusation of insubordination?	Employment Questions	New York
My dad, a partner in a corp. had money embezzled. His business one one of many that was &quot;governed&quot; if you will by a parent co. It was later discovered the money had also been embezzled from the parent co. in the same manner. This happened PRIOR to my fathers incident. Are they liable?	Commercial Questions,Criminal Questions	Florida
Do they base child support and alimony on a previous job i got fired from? Do they base child support and alimony on a previous job i got fired from?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a debt collector freeze your bank account if you have 2 names on it? How long can a debt collector pursue you in PA for a credit card for a clothing company?	Finance Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the best way to deal with a lawyer who didn&#39;t show up to green card interview and still wants money? What is the best way to deal with a lawyer who didn't show up to green card interview but still asking to pay fee that includes to be at interview and fix mistake on paperwork?	Immigration Questions	New York
Does suspension of exempt employees require a specific time limitations? Does suspension of exempt employees require a specific time limitations?	Employment Questions	California
How can I stop my landlord from harassing to evict me? My landlord has been falsely accusing me of putting my trash in another tenant's trash can & threatening to evict me. How can I stop my landlord from harassing to evict me?	Real Estate Questions	California
Car was repossessed and sold within time given to recover it. My car was repo-ed and I received a letter stating that I had 10 days to come current on loan or car would be sold. Within 4 days I had money to do so. When I went to recover my car they said "SORRY ITS BEEN SOLD" What are my legal rights, who to contact?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Finance Questions,Leasing Questions,Legal Questions	Arizona
Is there any law that I can refer to if I requested from my employer to have Sundays cause I&#39;m a Pastor? I am a Pastor of a church in Miami Garden and  work on a regular job as well.  I requested from my employer to have Sundays off due to my obligations as Pastor on our church services on Sunday. Is there any law that I can refer to?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can a employer stop your direct deposit because you have personal issues outside of work? can a employer stop your direct deposit because you have personal issues outside of work? Is that possible without me signing any paperwork?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is unpaid training legal? Is unpaid training legal and how much is min wage for waitresses in MA?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Will I have to spend time in jail if I was driving without license and have a traffic ticket? I was driving without license and have traffic ticket and have to report to court. Will I have to spend time in jail?	Criminal Questions	Tennessee
Question regarding moving into a new home in June? In June we moved in to a new home. It was a lease for a year then we would do a contract for deed. We sign a contract that the previous owner typed up.  It stated how much we were to pay each month and when, we were also responsible for general mantainance. We also typed up a contract stating that they couldn't try to take the house back or sell it out from under us, that was signed. Now they are saying that they are putting the house back on the market.  Can they do that? What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Legal for an officer with conflict of interest to be on the jury? If there is a officer of the courts on a jury where the defendant family member works with and that officer is in the same department is it legal for that officer to be on that jury?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What action should I take if I have a possible illegal eviction with a court order attached? I received a court order for an eviction. It said pay the full amount or move. So meanwhile at the court a representative from the apartment told me she wasn't going to evict me to come up with the money. So I said ok. Almost a month pass, I have a meeting with the board that said we can just adjust your rent.  I'm still paying my rent to the apartment. I get a phone call saying the bailer is coming tomorrow cause it was court ordered. Is the court order paid in full? Not partial payments. I believe they violated the court order by receiving payments that wasn't in it's entirety. And that this is an illegal eviction. What action should I take?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What to do if our daughter using my wife&#39;s SS to get loans for her daughter without my wife&#39;s permission? What can be done about our daughter using my wife's SS number to get student loans for her daughter without my wife's permission?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have a legal sale or not when the dealer forged the seller&#39;s signature on the title? I bought a truck from a dealer while under warranty it blow white smoke I brought it back and he fixed it. as, time went by I found out that he only covered up the repair with block sealer and that the heads were cracked. I call him on this and he said it really needed a new motor at $1150 because it was not under warrant any longer and there are many more issues that go with this story but I would be typing all day. I am looking for advice on if I even have a legal sale or not, the dealer forged the seller's signature on the title?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
If a father no longer has parental rights, does he still have to pay child support? In the state of Georgia, if a father no longer has parental rights, does he still have to pay child support?	Family Questions	Georgia
Need help to get proof of service by mail for Writ of Mandamus? Indigent senior citizen needs to get proof of service by mail for Writ of Mandamus filed pro se in Civil Case in the US Dist Court for the Middle District of FL in JAX against Office of General Counsel in Washington DC?	Immigration Questions	Florida
if my wife kicked me out then moved another guy right in, is that cheating &amp; will that get me my kids? if my wife kicked me out then moved another guy right in is that called cheating and will that get me my kids?	Family Questions	Wyoming
Why now after living here for 28 years the rules have changed for maintenance? I live in a hoa community. I have a corner lot, the side is part of the county road and sidewalk which up till now was cleaned and maintained by the association. Now the assoc. said that I am now responsible for cleaning the sidewalk which is not on my property and is owned by the county. Why now after living here for 28 years the rules have changed? Thanking you in advance for your assistance.jordan m goldberg	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can my husband&#39;s ex-wife try to claim his assets of &quot;ours&quot; for her daughter when he&#39;s sick &amp; noncustodial? my husband is a noncustodial parent and has a terminal illness. Can his ex-wife try to claim his assets of "ours" for her daughter	Family Questions	Virginia
Question regarding being taken to court by Citibank? I am being taken to court by citibank.  I owe them 20,000.  I am out of work and have exhausted all of my repayment options.  I meant to have my house sold to take care of the debt.  no such luck.  Do I need an atttorney at this hearing?  Any idea what I can expect?	Consumer Questions	Rhode Island
If a parent&#39;s home was transferred to children, can a nursing care facility go after it? If a parent's home was transferred to children, can a nursing care facility go after it?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Possible to reverse an adoption? i, the birth father, of three children made a mutual agreement with grandparents and mother for grandparents to have custody of my children. This decision was based on grounds of financial well being. the grandparents assured i would still have visitations with my children and child support would then stop. Neither has been the case. I would like to reverse adoption. is this possible?	Family Questions	Alabama
Am I required to give the records even though the father will try and use it against the mother in court? I'm a licensed clinical social worker who is counseling girls who are 5 and 7 years old.  The mother and father are going to court to see who will get custody.  The father had his lawyer write a letter to me requesting that I give their records to him.  We are in New York.  Am I required to give them even though he will try and use it against her in court?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
If my wife leaves me, must I let her take anything but her personals till court? If my wife leaves me, must I let her take anything but her personals till we go to court?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
While my son as visitation with me, can he stay with me while in court process as he wants to live with me? My son is 14. He has been living with his mother. While he was on visitation with me, he wants to live with me can he stay with me while in court process?	Family Questions	Kentucky
What is the law in Indiana that you can not contract on Sunday&#39;s specifically home improvement? What is the law in Indiana that you can not contract on Sunday's specifically home improvement?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Carolina
Do I have a right to back child support to my child? Do I have a right to back child support to my child? She is 27 years old now. I had Massachusetts dds send me a letter and asking me if I would take an amount. When i call them i couldn't get anyone on it so do i have the right to get anything?	Family Questions	Maine
What to do if I have a case with children involved and the father has a restraining order? What to do if I have a case with children involved and the father has a restraining order?	Family Questions	Florida
What are definitions of promissory notes and contracts? Are federal reserve notes a kind ofpromissory note? If so, are promissory notes a kind of contract, and if so, does this mean FRNs are a kind of contract?	Banking Law Questions	Louisiana
Is it legal for non P.E. teachers to assign physical punishment? Is it legal for non P.E. teachers to assign physical punishment such as pushups, sit ups, jumping-jacks, or laps? Also, 2 people in the class had injured wrists and the teacher made them do pushups anyway. Is that legal?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Will the insurance company of the homeowner usually pay the victim they said their maximum pay out for a dog bite is $25,000? My son was bit on his face by a dog and he received about 5 stitches on his lip he is 10 years old. Will the insurance company of the homeowner usually pay the victim they said their maximum pay out for a dog bite is $25,000? Is there a maximum or are they trying to get us to just take the money? By the way this was their first offer.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
If my ex-wife cheated on me and will not let me see my children, is there anything I can do? My name is Martin Patterson. I am a 100% disabled veteran. My wife ran off with my best friend over 18 months ago, and won't let me see my children. The divorce took place in Huntsville, AL and I am supposed to be able to talk to my children over the phone 3 days a week and see them every other weekend. My ex has refused to comply and it has been now 18 months since I have seen or talked to my children. The courts in Alabama don't seem to care that she was having an affair and ran off with my kids. They don't care that she won't let me see them either. I've already spent all my money trying to get my kids back, but it has gotten me nowhere. Any advice or referrals to TOP of the line family law attorneys would be greatly appreciated.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
Get a citation by driving without a license in the mail or without being pulled over in PA? Get a citation by driving without a license in the mail or without being pulled over in PA?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Help if we have outstanding hospital bills but they won&#39;t give financial assistance cause our many assets? Help if we have outstanding hospital bills but they won't give me financial assistance cause we have too many assets? I am 82 while my wife is 90.	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Does my daughter have to work those 14 hour shifts or can she refuse? My daughter is 19. She is college student and she was hired in at 20 hrs a week no more. They are scheduling her 14 hour shifts and 11 hour shifts not asking her but telling her she has to do it. It's fast food probably owned. Does she have to work those kind of hours or can she refuse?	Employment Questions	California
Can I not pay my rent until my landlord fixes the roof that my kids fell off of? My landlord won't fix my roof and now there's mold. My kids have fell and hurt themselves. Can I not pay my rent until he fix it?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
Can you drive a moped in FL without insurance or helmet? Hi, can you drive a moped in FL without insurance or helmet?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I get a hardship even know I have never had a driver license and they have been suspended? I have an HTV and driving while never received a drivers license & I can apply for my hardship license. Can I get a hardship even know I have never had a driver license and they have been suspended?	Commercial Questions	Illinois
How do I establish first party with the insurance carrier and then able to take any of my settlement? I was a passenger in an auto accident and received substantial injuries.  I currently have dual residency 1 being at my parents where they own a car 2 being an apartment where I don't.  The insurance carrier offered to settle with me for the policy limit of 15000.00.  First party benefits have not been established and I would like that to be my apartment as my parents do not want to be involved.  I know I forfeit their under insured. I have DPW as my health insurance carrier.   How do I establish first party with the insurance carrier and then is DPW able to take any of my settlement?  What other major issues should I be on the look out for?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
If I am an adult, can a social worker and police force threaten my father to jail time for speaking to me? My question is if I am an adult ...can a social worker and police force threaten my father to jail time for speaking to me? And also lie to him and say that I suffer from constant depression, but tell me that everything is good and that the case is almost closed? I was a sexually abused child but my case was closed five years ago and now re opened for some reason	Family Questions	California
Question regarding ownership after breaking up an engagement? I was engaged for 2 years starting in 2007. He broke up with me in 2009. He said he bought it for me and I can keep it. in 2010 he asked for it back. Then in march 2012 said to give it back and today he said to expect papers for court soon. Does he have any right to do that after telling me its mine, and we are both engaged, and 5 years later??	Consumer Questions	Florida
Can I keep home if we break up? I bought a house with my girlfriend. She put in most of the money. She lived with me at my other property rent free, she went bankrupt as well as foreclosed on her own property. Currently, I pay all the bills at our new home and it's also under my name. In the event of a break up can I keep my home?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If there&#39;s no custody agreement for the child &amp; mother lives in IL and father lives in IN who has the right? If there's no custody agreement for the child and mother lives in IL and father lives in IN who has the right?	Family Questions	Illinois
Is it against the law to question a child without their parent present? Is it against the law to question a child without their parent present?	Family Questions	Indiana
What can I do if deceived on salary? I applied for employment with the Federal Government and the job announcement stated that the salary was to be $36440 annually for part time permanent position. I interviewed and was told that the $36440 was the correct salary and I got the job but the salary I'm receiving is only $25k annually. I've been working here for 7 months now and have discussed this with my supervisor, who is the person that interviewed and hired me, but now he's telling me that the salary I'm getting is what it is. I've talked with the deputy director who told me the same thing my supervisor told (the salary is what it is). I accepted this job because of the posted salary offering and missed out on another job. I feel I've been deceived. What can I do legally?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can the government charge me twice for the same thing? Can the government charge me twice for the same thing? I got a citation for disorderly conduct. I looked up my charges and I have the same exact case number, charge, and everything. Two different court dates but one is filed as criminal and the other as misdemeanor. Can they sentence me on criminal case and then charge me again for misdemeanor?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
Can my employer suspend me with pay and no paper work and not tell anyone? my employer suspended me with pay, but no paper work was done and they told me not to talk to anyone. They would call me when they want me to come back to work. Can they do that?	Employment Questions	Nevada
I want to be able to file an affidavit regarding my divorce and my attorney will not do it. There has to be a way to file one myself. I am the Peitioner and the Respondent&#39;s lawyer filed the divorce with the court without my signature or my lawyer&#39;s signature.	Family Questions	California
What are the documents needed to protect ourselves in taking over mortgage payments from family? What are the legal documents needed to protect ourselves in taking over mortgage payments from a family member	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
What are the rights and privileges for care provider employees in Nevada? Kindly detail the rights and privileges of employees of care providers in the state of Nevada.	Employment Questions	California
Legal to fire me cause I wasn&#39;t working at a gas station for over a year when I was pregnant? Yes I was working with a gas station for 9 months and I took maternity leave cause I was pregnant. They had to fire me after my 8 to 12 weeks was up cause they said I haven't been there a year. Are they allowed to do that?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
What can I do if the lawyer is refusing to let me in the meetings for my mom&#39;s health? Mom had a stroke after Christmas with speech and confusion are still problems. Dad pasted away suddenly last month. Mom is staying by herself. Younger sister taking care of money matters. I took Mom to meet with lawyer on next steps and he would not let be in the meeting. I feel like things are being hidden from me. What can I do? I am second oldest and my older brother has no comment.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
What does it mean when someone gets arrested for prohibited acts? What does it mean when someone gets arrested for prohibited acts?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
Should I move into rented condo if the landlord says it is OK, but the association objects to it? I'm attempting to rent a condo from a private leasor, but there is an assocation and a management. Both the association and management are on two different pages on why I cannot move in, but my landlord says to go ahead and take the property because I have already given him first and last months' rent which is $1,400 plus $100 for an application fee. Since the landlord owns this particular apt, doesn't he have control on who lives there?What should I do: take his advice and move in or do I listen to the association and management? If I move in can anything legally go against me?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I still get charged with anything else the cop finds if he searches for drugs and can&#39;t find any? if a cop searches my vehicle because he says he smells marijuana and then he doesn't find any marijuana or anything related to it, can i still get charged with anything else he finds?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
How do I stop my cousin from stealing my daughter&#39;s SS and living as her? My first cousin came from London. Because she lives here illegally, she stole my daughter's social security and is living as her how do I stop this?	Criminal Questions	New York
Illegal to wear a mask in a public area while holding a sign to voice my opinion? I am a protester and stand up for peoples rights. I live in the 215 area. Walking around holding a sign to voice my opinion. Is it illegal to wear a mask in a public area while doing so?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Whats can I do if my landlord won&#39;t come fix the mold growing in my apt? Whats can I do if my landlord won't come fix the mold growing in my apt?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Does my ex have the legal right to change the locks so myself or the realtor cannot access the home? I am recently divorced myself and my 2 girls moved into my recently deceased moms home. The marital home is up for sale my ex husband and his girlfriend live in our home. Does he have the legal right to change the locks so myself or the realtor cannot access the home?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What statute governs the filing of Findings &amp; Orders After Hearing, and the deadlines for opposing party to either sign or tell what their objections are? What statute governs the filing of Findings & Orders After Hearing, and the deadlines for opposing party to either sign or tell what their objections are?Thanks for the help!	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If a person works for 5 hours at $8 an hour  and if fired for poor performance what pay is owed to him? If a person works for 5 hours  at $8 an hour  and if fired for poor performance what pay is owed to him?	Employment Questions	New York
How do I go about pressing charges if I had recently quit my job over a hostile work environment? I had recently quit my job over a hostile work environment. How do I go about pressing charges? I don't have the income to hire an attorney.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Am I liable for any child support to my college-aged son and curious about alimony to my non-working ex? I have one son in college and now all other kids are grown. My wife has not worked in years. Am I liable for any child support and curious about alimony to her?	Family Questions	Louisiana
how to go about filing for visitation and/or custody of my child? I have a baby out of wedlock. I have had a DNA done. The baby is 99.999% my child. I need to know how to go about filing for visitation and /or custody of my child? We both live in Louisiana but in different parishes. Which parish do I file in and what steps do I need to take?	Family Questions	Louisiana
What do I do if I don&#39;t have a lease agreement but signed a promissory note to make payments? What do I do if I do not have alease agreement formbut signed a promissory note to make payments toward my late rent charges but I am late making a payment? What do I do if in addition to the promissory note I wrote a check for the amount due and the landlord decides to prosecute my check for late payment?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Does a real estate contract transfer constructive ownership? Does a real estate contract transfer constructive ownership?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Wondering if we can find my daughter&#39;s real father and have him sign over his rights? My boyfriend wants to adopt my daughter. The father's name is not on her birth certificate so I was wondering if there is any need to find her real father and have him sign over his rights? I was also wondering if we have to be married for him to be able to adopt her?	Family Questions	Michigan
What to do if I am working out of state and only getting paid stipend not salary? What to do if I am working out of state and only getting paid stipend not salary?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Can a landlord make a tenant reliable to replace an air conditioner if it dies from wear and tear? Can a landlord make a tenant reliable to replace an air conditioner if it dies from wear and tear?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What to expect if I&#39;ve been arrested for shoplifting for the first time and now have a court date set? I've been arrested for shoplifting for the first time and now have a court date set. Please tell me what to expect?	Criminal Questions	Connecticut
What options do I have if nobody deals with an inappropriate situation at work? I am an independent contractor for a direct sales company. On our recent sales incentive trip, the husband of my upline (the women I joined the company under) touched me inappropriately and was verbally inappropriate. I have brought this to my companies attention however, I am not seeing anything being done. I am not sure what could be done or if I have any other avenues to pursue or even who to talk to about. Do I have any options?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
When my grandmother died, does her share of the house go to her two children? Grandparents own a home. When grandmother died, does her share of the house go to her two children?  even if there is no will or written document?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Is there anything we can do if our home has gone into foreclosure? Our home has gone into foreclosure. Is there anything we can do to save it??	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
What to do if an ex-employee falsely took our money and refuses to pay me back? My ex employee made everyone pay one month in advance plus that month for insurance. I did not get my insurance until 6 weeks later. So not only I paid for that month but she made us pay a month ahead. This money did not go to the insurance company. I left her and my insurance was canceled that day but she took that weeks insurance money out. She refused to pay me my money back. She got 1 month ahead for me and my husband and the last week I did not have insurance. Please get back to me and I could tell you what I have done?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What do I do if my son&#39;s house was raided &amp; as the owner, I&#39;m violating a drug law? my son's house was raided and I'm currently the owner the police said i was violating the 11570 drug abatement act. What do I do?	Criminal Questions	California
If I put my daughter&#39;s father on child support will it effect him from getting his paper in the future Hi i wanted to know if I put my daughter's father on child support will it effect him from getting his paper in the future? He is an illegal alien and doesn't work...If not how will it work out?	Immigration Questions	New York
If a child is the age of 17 are they legally able to move out there parents house without there consent? In the state of Louisiana if a child is the age of 17 are they legally able to move out there parents house without there consent?	Family Questions	Louisiana
What can I do if not able to refinance house? I bought a house for the first time a few years ago before everything got very low. I'm stuck with a house that I owed 100,000.00 more than what it's worth now and what can I do? I can't get it to  refinance.	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
What should I do if an airlines lost my wife&#39;s luggage? What should I do if an airlines lost my wife's luggage?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
Can I move out legally at the age of 18? Can I move out legally at the age of 18?	Family Questions	Oregon
Am i still entitled to receive support since i never went for it before? I've been divorced 12 years and never asked for support but now i need it. I've been a stay at home mom for 10 yrs in my current relationship. My son is 13 and his needs are changing & getting more expensive. And with the economy its very hard. Am i still entitled to receive support since i never went for it before?	Family Questions	Virginia
If I got in a fender bender and I was uninsured &amp; I received the outrageous deductible, what can I do? if I got in a fender bender and I was uninsured at the time, and I received the other parties deductible and its outrageous, what can I do?	Consumer Questions	Idaho
If I won a small claim and the other party is appealing, should I get a lawyer? If I won a small claim and the other party is appealing, should I get a lawyer?	Real Estate Questions	California
Does the manager have the right to make me move out if he did not give the home owner my rent? does the manager have the right to make me move out if he did not give the home owner my rent?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding owning a cottage with 3 sisters who are all having a quarter interest if 2 want to sell? I own a summer cottage with three sisters who are all having a quarter interest if two want to sell and the other two don't. What happens?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What can I do to protect the business from my ex-wife? I am divorced and remarried. Trying to start a new business. what can I do to protect the business from my ex-wife? If my current wife's name is listed as an owner of the business would that keep her from being able to get her hands on anything? If so does my wife need to sign all business documents i.e. lease etc.?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can the children of a deceased veteran contest the rights of the widow about his estate? Can the children of a deceased veteran contest the rights of the widow about his estate?	Family Questions	Georgia
As a disabled person, can I bring up a legal case against someone? I am a disabled person and legally blind with a heart problem. Someone has made me upset and angry in discussion and he says I have an attitude. I was wondering if I can bring up a legal case against him?	Family Questions	California
Question regarding my parents as renting tenants in CA? My parents are renting tenants in California. They are going to court to defend their witholding of rent due to lack of seriously needed repairs.The landlord has put my name along with my parents in the case, even though I neither live there, nor did I ever sign a lease. The only thing they have on me is that my parents paid rent with MY bank checks.I was never served, although my parents were. They tried serving me at that residence - but I don't live there!I have not had sufficient time to file an official 'answer' due to short notice.My question is, can I legally be held responsible if:a. I don't live at the property.b. I never signed the lease.c. The rent checks did have my name on them.Thanks in advance.	Real Estate Questions	California
Is a Power of Attorney responsible for grantors debts? Is a Power of Attorney responsible for grantors debts?	Family Questions	Florida
If i was fired would i still be able to get my unused vacation time? If i was fired would i still be able to get my unused vacation time?	Employment Questions	New York
Does the fired real estate agent have any right to claim a commission if I sell my house? We have mutually cancelled our real estate contract with the firm.  We were released from the contract with no penalties.  Does the fired real estate agent have any right to claim a commission if I sell my house?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Is it still racketeering if you are not threatened with physical violence, but loss of your business? Is it still racketeering if you are not threatened with physical violence, but loss of your business?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
What steps to take to get my son to live with me as soon as possible? I have been divorced for 4 years now. My son is 17 years old. He no longer wants to live with his mother. She is making it very difficult saying he cannot move until he is 18 years old. I am very behind on my child support and i also have a warrant for not paying the child support. I need to know what steps to take to get my son to live with me as soon as possible..	Family Questions	Missouri
Can my wife short sell the house if it&#39;s been refinanced several times and she has poor credit? my wife wants to short sell the house. I am not sure I am on the deed because we have refinanced the house several times. The last time she put things in her name because my credit was poor. San she short sell?	Family Questions	Virginia
What&#39;s the law if I&#39;m the primary custodian of two boys and there&#39;s a father that wants to take them to Nevada for spring break? I'm the primary custodian of two boys and there's a father that wants to take them to Nevada for spring break.  What are the laws there and should I get something in writing?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can a company change their rate of hiring after I was hired? I work for an employer where I was offered a rate of $8.00 / hour by the Director in charge of hiring.  On receiving my payslip I noticed it was calculated at $7.25 / hour and my overtime was calculated incorrectly. I feel it is wrong of them to change the rate AFTER the fact.  Can a company do that?  Is it not a breach of contract?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Question regarding car possession? I have a complex situation and seem to be running into dead ends trying to find out what I can do. I bought a car with what is now an ex. I am the signer of the car and he is the co-signer. The car was for his use but he stopped making the payments once we split so the finance company has sued me and is now garnishing my wages not his. I have gone to his house but he refuses to give me the car and I don't no if because he is on the car registration as well if I can really make him or what I have to do to get the car back? We have two kids and he knows i don't have the money for a lawyer so i think hes using that as an advantage. Any advice?	Consumer Questions	Missouri
Does attorney have the right to bully the accused in to taking his offer if that person fights the charge? Do the state's attorney have the right to bully the accused in to taking his offer if that person wants to fight the charge?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
How can an illegal alien obtain custody of his U.S. citizen child when the mother is seen as unfit? How can an illegal alien living outside the U.S. obtain custody of his U.S. citizen child when the mother is seen as unfit?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Can an employer hold your check for 30 days just because you quit your job? In the state of Missouri, can an employer hold your check for 30 days just because you quit your job?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Can the landlord come in and take pictures of our belongings for the real estate listing? Our landlord is selling the duplex we are renting.  Can they come in and take pictures of our belongings for the real estate listing?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
Could my husband have a civil suit against the school district and his former boss with misleading info? My spouse was a Special Education Teacher last year in Ky. Later in the fall he was offered the opportunity to go to a neighboring school district to be an assistant principal. He had to work for them one year and get hired back for the next to get his tenure back. He was laid off due to budget cutbacks. He had a good evaluation of job performance. He was mislead to come over there and now has lost everything. He has tried all summer to find another job without success. It appears that because of this school district my husband never work in education again. They have cost him his career. Could my husband have a civil suit against this school district and his former boss?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Am I entitled to personal time working the hours I do? I work part-time from 10 am to 3 pm 5 days a week, M-F and I am paid on an hourly basis.  Am I entitled to any personal time beyond going to the bathroom during those 5 hours?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What do you do about homeowners that keep adding work and do not want to pay you for it? I am a contractor. What do you do about homeowners that keep adding work and do not want to pay you for it, and than threaten you.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What can I do if my ex owes over $45,000 in child support and is only making minimum payments? My ex husband owes over 45,000 dollars in child support and is only making minimum payments. What can I do?	Family Questions	New York
Is a Dominican republic divorce legal in the state of CO? Is a Dominican republic divorce legal in the state of CO?	Family Questions	Colorado
Need lawyer for employer violating 29 CFR 785.19. What can you do when your employer violates 29 CFR 785.19 and the only lawyer you can find that practices in federal court won't take your case because you can support your family?	Employment Questions	Michigan
How much rent can I withhold for no heat or hot water for the first week and the apartment was not cleaned before I moved in? This is in PA.	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions,Utilities Questions	Pennsylvania
Are my next door neighbors allowed to install cameras facing into my fenced back yard? Are my next door neighbors allowed to install cameras facing into my fenced back yard?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it legal for my kids mother to be on welfare and not turn me in then after 11 and a half years get off then turn me in? Is it legal for my kid's mother to be on welfare and not turn me in then after 11 and a half years get off then turn me in?	Family Questions	District of Columbia
What happens to the funds if the employee dies? My husband passed away just a few weeks ago.  He had a 125 flex spending account of $5000 through his employer.  He was saving most of this because he was going to have dental implants.  I can come up with only a few hundred dollars of receipts to submit to his flex plan.  As a listed dependent of this plan, am I entitled to use the difference toward health expenses of my own as long as they fall within the plan year?  (9-1-11 to 8-31-12)  His employer is telling me differently although I can see no where in his employee hand book where that is specifically addressed.  Meaning...what happens to these funds if the employee dies?	Employment Questions	New York
Will it be hard considering my past background to assume custody? I'm a father of a 14-year-old son. His mother passed away after a car accident in Jan. 2004 and in Aug. 2004 I was incarcerated for an accident which led to a charge of D.U.I. and manslaughter. I was found guilty and sentence to 8 years in prison. In this time my sons maternal grandparents assumed custody of him. I was released from prison Sept. 2011. I've had contact and visitation since my release. My son has asked me if he could come live with me. I do have stable housing & employment. My ex wife who passed away had residential custody. Will it be hard considering my past background to assume custody?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I go about getting my divorce maintenance amount changed when my yearly income drops significantly? How do I go about getting my divorce maintenance amount changed when my yearly income drops significantly?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Was the walk-through legal when the property manager changed the locks? The end of the lease is on 3/8/12. A walk-through was completed on 2/11/12 by tenant and property manager. Manager asked for the keys which only one was given at that time. Sometime between the walk through and 2/19/12 locks were changed. 2nd tenant tried using his key but unable to open door. Locks were changed. Rent was paid and up to date. No outstanding balance. Is this legal?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
If my niece from Guatemala doesn&#39;t want her baby, can I adopt her? i have a niece in Guatemala (central america) she just found out she is pregnant and doesn't want to keep her baby, can I adopt her baby? can i bring her here to the states and have the baby here and do the adoption here?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Does a girl have any legal rights if she has a lease from a company that does not exist and can I evict her? I own a home in Florida that has been vacant. I am doing a short sale on the property. While visiting this week, I found someone living in the home. The person has a lease from a company that does not exist. Does this girl have any legal rights? Can I evict her?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I purchase a new home without my spouse on the loan? (Married)- can I purchase a new home without my spouse on the loan? Can I use a disclaimer deed in California and will the still use her credit as debt.?	Real Estate Questions	California
Will I go to jail if I did not report the father who refuses to pay for our children&#39;s hospital bill? I have had two children through medical. I did not report the father who refuses to pay for the hospital bill. Will I go to jail for this?	Criminal Questions	California
What to do if you&#39;re Wrongfully terminated? What to do if you're Wrongfully terminated?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
if I am legally married but I haven&#39;t been with him since 1999, does he get visitation with our child? My question is if I am legally married to a person but I haven't been with them since 1999 but I had a child during my separation of my husband does that man get visitation by court if he takes me to court?	Family Questions	New York
Enough to exit the contract if I found a better price and there are mechanical issues? I recently purchased a used vehicle from a buy here pay here car lot in Central Florida. I put a down payment down and signed a contract. Now mechanical issues are happening and it has only been 1 Month. I also found the same car lot advertising the same vehicle with the same Vin and everything online about a month later at a substantially lower price after they sold it to me at a higher price. Is this enough to exit the contract?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What to do If someone has been given a 30 day notice &amp; he is still not out by the 32nd day? If someone has been given a 30 day notice to get out of an office, and he is still not out by the 32nd day, what can I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Utah
If one spouse is disabled and may have to move to an assisted living facility what rights does the other spouse have concerning protection of assets? If one spouse is disabled and may have to move to an assisted living facility what rights does the other spouse have concerning protection of assets?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
How am I able to bring my daughter with me full time if her marine father is in a different state? I recently got married to a marine stationed in another state. How am I able to bring my daughter with me full time if her father is in a different state?	Family Questions	Indiana
Question if I am recently divorced and I changed my name back to my maiden name? I am recently divorced and I changed my name back to my maiden name. I want to change my son's last name to both mine and my exes last names. He will not sign the paperwork allowing me to do so. Is there another way? We live in New York state	Family Questions	New York
Can I just walk away from the lawyer if I signed his paperwork since we haven&#39;t filed in courts yet? I have an lawyer. I sign his paperwork but I no longer want his services. Can I just walk away since we haven't filed in courts yet?	Personal Injury Questions	Arkansas
If someone calls 911 &amp; gives info saying things are in vehicle do you have right to face accuser? if someone calls 911 and gives information to dispatch saying things are in a vehicle do you have right to face accuser? in MN.	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Legally give a 30 day notice since I cannot afford the increase &amp; my lease was under the previous company? My apartment complex just went under a new management company and with it come a $105 rent increase. They say we are locked into our original lease and cannot move. My question is can I legally give a 30 day notice and move out since I cannot afford the increase and my lease was signed under the previous company and not the new?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Is it possible for the girlfriend&#39;s mother to deny the father his rights? I have a friend in Arkansas who is 18 and his 17 year old girlfriend just gave birth to their child. The girlfriend's mother is trying to prevent the father from seeing his baby. Is it possible for the girlfriend's mother to deny the father his rights?	Family Questions	Arkansas
Person intends to sue after breaking hand in practical joke. There was a joke that went bad. The guy's hand was broke now and we have to pay for the surgery and everything else.I offered that day to take him to get xray. He refused. Then, 2 days later, he went himself. It was broke and needed surgery. I offered to pay what I can but he's already asked for $1300 and will sue.What should I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Missouri
Do all houses have to be inspected before you  get a mortgage? I bought a house in 2007. It was never inspected. Do all houses have to be inspected before you  get a mortgage? I live in WV	Real Estate Questions	West Virginia
If I make a rental available in CA for section 8 vouchers can I have two rental rates when I advertise? renting question, If I make a rental available in CA for section 8 vouchers can I have two rental rates when I advertise?  For example:  $1200 a month, or  Section 8 $1500 a month.  The reason say the voucher pays $1200, I want the section 8 tenant to have some skin in the game to attract a more responsible tenant.Thanks	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What do i do when the father of my children continues to violate our court ordered visitations? What do i do when the father of my children continues to violate our court ordered visitations in the state of California?	Family Questions	California
Advice if I need to see my sick mother but my passport is revoked? i owe 40,000 to child support and my passport is revoked due to my mother's hardship and illness. I need to visit her under this condition. How can you advise me?	Family Questions	West Virginia
Can my stepmother change me as executive to my dad&#39;s will without my consent? Can my stepmother change me as executive to my dad's will without my consent?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Wisconsin
If you are required to wear a uniform by a company, are you required to also pay for said uniform? If you are required to wear a uniform by a company, are you required to also pay for said uniform?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What is the law for a tax action in PA? What is the law for a tax action in PA?	Tax Questions	Pennsylvania
How would I go about getting a divorce when I have no income? My name is Carrie Lemon. I am going through a divorce and i have no income. How would i go about that?	Family Questions	Missouri
Is the medical practice legal? Is it legal for a doctor to make an insision then nab squeeze and prod at your cyst for half an hour before being unsuccesful? He then sewed me up & referred me to another practice without information about caring for the insision or without offering something for pain.	Privacy Questions	Florida
What am I entitled to due to my ex never working legally and have automobiles that he acquired? I live in North Carolina. My husband abandoned my daughter and I in September of 2011. I need to know what am i entitled to due to him never working legally and have automobiles that he acquired while we were married but they not in his name. Am I entitled to alimony or full custody of our daughter?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How can we have a contract with a 17-year-old regarding damages to property in event of problem? How can we have a legal document/contract with a 17 year old regarding damages to property in event of problem/accident?	Consumer Questions	New York
Options if I was in a hearing and the magistrate did not allow me to fully defend myself? I was in a hearing, and the magistrate did not allow me to fully defend myself; what are my options?	Personal Injury Questions	Indiana
How can I legally get my boyfriend to leave my property? My boyfriend and I live in a mobile home and both our names are on the title to the home, but mine is the only one on the rent receipts and lease that was signed when I first moved in(10 yrs ago). I also have a son who is ten and on disability(My child from a previous relationship). My boyfriend, we are not married, has parents that are alive in Wisconsin and Illinois but I have none. I have a brother and a sister who cant take me in. This is the only place I have to live...How can I legally get him to leave? We do not get along. Please help.	Family Questions	Michigan
How do you file for a father to sign his rights away? How do you file for a father to sign his rights away?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I go about getting emancipated when I&#39;m 16? I'm 16 and I want to get emancipated. I have a TERRIBLE home life. How do I go about this?	Family Questions	New York
Can I apply for a non-profit to have fundraisers for their care without it affecting my disability income? I receive disability for my Multiple Sclerosis and have rescued stray cats and provided care beyond what any shelter or rescue would. Can I apply for a non-profit to have fundraisers for their care without it affecting my disability income?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Mississippi
Can I pay the fees and have the warrant lifted? I owe legal fees on a no contest conviction in FL. can I pay the fees and have the warrant lifted?	Criminal Questions	New York
What is the legal age for a male to move from home without a legal guardian&#39;(s) permission? In the state of Missouri, what id the legal age for a male to move from home without a legal guardian'(s) permission?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can a landlord evict you if the house is up for bid in 5 days? Can a landlord evict you if the house is up for bid in 5 days?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How can I show documentation of separation from my spouse? How can I show documentation of separation from my spouse?	Family Questions	Missouri
What if a tenant calls the rent office on another tenant making false claims? What if a tenant calls the rent office on another tenant making false claims?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Is there a time frame on purchase contact of car? Is there a time frame on purchase contact of car?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
If there was a prenup in a divorce and it was all settled can the wife reopen the settlement a try to get house? if there was a prenup in a divorce and it was all settled can the wife reopen the settlement a try to get house?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I file for child support from the father who is 18 years old when I&#39;m the mother of a teen? I am the mother of a 16 year old teenage mother in Kentucky. Can I file for child support from the father who is 18 years old?	Family Questions	Kentucky
What to do if I found a decrease in my pay rate for a position when it happened 7 weeks but never notified? Today I found a decrease in my pay rate for a position I sometimes hold at my current job. It apparently happened 7 weeks ago but I was never notified.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I sue to have my sprinklers installed since they have already been paid for? I had a house built in February 2011.  The contract and plan stated that a lawn sprinkler system would be included.  I paid full price for the house, but the sprinklers were never installed. The contractor who built the house died a month after the house was built.  I have contacted his son, who's promised to install the sprinklers, but to date he hasn't.  His son says his mother is the owner of the property now.  Can I sue them to have my sprinklers installed since they have already been paid for?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Question regarding a binding document of a judgement for a dissolution of marriage? I have a judgement for dissolution of marriage which was signed by my husband and myself on 2/29/12 but for reasonsa of medical insurance, will not be entered until 12/3/12, our next court date. At this point is it a legal and binding document? Is it considered an order?	Family Questions	Illinois
If a person gives a nick-name when taking the Oath before a procedure, is their testimony still considered? If a person gives a nick-name when taking the Oath before a legal procedure, is their testimony still considered?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a mother legally withhold their child&#39;s social security card from the child? Can a mother legally withhold their child's social security card from the child?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If a sibling has a name on a bank account and the parent passes does the sibling have to share? If a sibling has a name on a bank account and the parent passes does the sibling have to share the money if the will states to equally divide the money?  (The parent did not drive so it made it easier to have the name on the account to do banking for groceries and such)	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
If I recently found out that my ex has been married for the past year, do I still have to pay alimony? I'm currently paying alimony to my ex-wife. If I recently found out that she has been married for the past year, do I still have to pay alimony?	Family Questions	Georgia
If we divorce what is my share of the house property when my name was never on the deed? My wife and I have been married 7 yrs she owned this home and I sold mine and moved in. My name never got on deed but I put all of my money into property. If we divorce what is my share?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
JOL laws I got a ticket for violating my JOL passenger restriction, I went before a magistrate and was denied. I appealed it again and am going before a judge in a week. What is the likelihood my license will be suspended?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
Can store legally sell overlapping warranty? If a product is covered by the manufacturer's warranty is it legal for the store where you purchase the product to sell you another warranty from a company of their choice that covers you for a specified no. of years and it overlaps the mfg. warranty? Shouldn't it start at the end of the mfg. one?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Maryland
What is the most favorable state for child custody for single parent birth mothers? What is the most favorable state for child custody for single parent birth mothers?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can my employer deny me returning to work  after maternity leave? Can my employer deny me returning to work after maternity leave?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How long of a period is the State of New Jersey permitted to provide discovery? How long of a period is the State of New Jersey permitted to provide discovery?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
If I have a boyfriend that his ex took him for spousal support, Would he be considered legally separated? I have a boyfriend that his ex took him to court this past July for spousal support. Would he be considered legally separated? And if we were seen together could she hold that against him in the divorce hearing next month?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Is there any overtime involved if I&#39;m a salary employee avg work 50+ hrs? I'm a salary employee avg work hrs 50+. Is there any overtime involved?	Employment Questions	Florida
What is the law for call off of grievance? What is the law for call off of grievance?	Employment Questions	California
Person works as a teacher at a private school.  Administrator madates attendance at a fundraising event, and requires teacher to pay to attend.  Is that legal?	Employment Questions	California
What rights do I have as a domiciliary parent? I am the domiciliary parent but share a week and a week custody with their mother. What rights do I have?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Louisiana
How long does it take to get council if my son was arrested several times? my son was arrested in July and was out on bond and then he committed another crime and was rearrested and then his first bond was revoked and was arrested again and still has not been given a public defender. How long does it take to get council???	Criminal Questions	Florida
What is needed to prove the lawyer was incompetent during trial of defendant? What is needed to prove the lawyer was incompetent during trial of defendant?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Can I sue an employer if they sent me to a job without letting me know there would be dangerous materials? Can I sue an employer if they sent me to a job at a specific location without letting me know there would be dangerous material there like asbestos?	Employment Questions	California
What evidence should I ask for from the daughter who is asking me to make my payments to her now? The private mortgage holder on my house has died. What evidence should I ask for from the daughter who is asking me to make my payments to her now? I want to make sure I'm making my payments to the right person.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I reopen the case to make the child&#39;s father begin to pay the back he owes me? I had a previous child support order which my child's father modified to pay zero since he was incarcerated.  He owed approx 18000 at that time. Now she is 20 and he is finally out of jail. Can i reopen to make him begin to pay the back he owes me?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Will my mother&#39;s marriage supersede that will if his husband&#39;s ex is still the recipient of his state? My mother is married to a man (for 6 months)who is currently in hospice care, near death. We just found out that his will still has his ex-wife as the recipient of his estate. Will my mothers marriage supersede that will? Does she have any rights or will the es-wife get everything?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can the collection agency take me to court even if I intend to start making payments within 30 days? I'm having a difficult time trying to informed a collection agency (RH Group), for the Advance payday loans Co that I have the intent on resolving a overdue loan. The collection agency is very rude and want the balance now. I'm unemployed at this time but will be working within the next 30 days. They continue to threaten me abut being summons to court. I contacted them on 7/5/12 & 7/6/12. Can they take me to court even if I intend to start making payments within 30 days?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What parental rights does my incarcerated fiancee have if the daughter&#39;s mother moved out of state? My fiancee is currently incarcerated  and his daughter's mother moved the child out of state 10 years ago while he was incarcerated. What parental rights does he have? He's possibly getting paroled very soon.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How to resolve child support that continued for 3 years after the children left the house? Two of my children lived with my sister for 8 months. Unbeknownst to me she file for child support,and allow it to continue to run for 3yrs despite children not living in her household. Now i have outstanding Arrears	Family Questions	Georgia
Do I have a case against my boss if I didn&#39;t perform as well as my other co-workers? I have an open workers comp case.  I was retailated against by my boss.  I was fired because I was not able to perform more than my workers comp work restrictions state.  Do I have a case against her?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What are the different ways I can set up a new small business? What are the different ways I can set up a new small business?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Illinois
Illegal for the landlord to rent a place that is not up to code? We found out that the house we have been renting for the last year and a half, has multiple building code violations. I feel this is a breach of our rental agreement and the Alaska Landlord and Tenant Act. Is it illegal for the landlord to rent a place that is not up to code? And does the Property Management Company have a legal responsibility to make sure the house is up to code? Can we sue for damages?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Alaska
Question regarding problems with a financed car and returning it? Financed a car & returned the car because it was giving me to problems & I already put $1600 into fixing the car & couldn't afford to keep fixing & make payments. The company auctioned car & told me I was responsible for balance, we agreed on monthly payment, I've been paying the payment on time & then  I got a default judgement from court & judgement was set for the finance company so I went to the court to let them know I never got notice of a court hearing and they showed me paperwork saying the finance company said I was personally served But I wasn't so I filed a motion for the default to set aside & the finance company is trying to get me settle outside of court. What should I do? and what can be the outcome if I go to court?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
If we have physical &amp; joint custody, can we move out the state of VA with our children to get a better job? We have physical and joint legal custody of my children. Can we move out the state of VA with our children to get a better job?	Family Questions	Virginia
If my kid&#39;s father got sentenced to four months in family court will he get good time? If my kid's father got sentenced to four months in family court will he get good time which is two and a half months in jail?	Family Questions	New York
In Massachusetts, are hourly employees required to be paid either weekly or bi-weekly? In Massachusetts, are hourly employees required to be paid either weekly or bi-weekly?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is there a minimum decrease in salary pay? I was promoted and my salary was increased.  After 90 days I was demoted back to my original position.  Is there a minimum decrease in salary pay?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If Supercuts damaged my hair and it will take a long time to grow back, is there anything I can do? I went to Supercuts to get highlights and my hair got so damaged it broke off. My hair is all spiky now on top and real short.  It has really stressed me out.  They know they did wrong and sent me a $200.00 certificate and free haircuts for a year.  They really damaged my hair and it will take a long time to grow back.  Is there anything I can do?	Personal Injury Questions	North Carolina
Question regarding My credit impacted by a divorce and I&#39;m unable to lease a car? My credit is impacted by a divorce and I'm unable to lease a car.  My current wife was going to lease the car in her name but the bank is stating even though her credit is great they won't agree to lease because the car is for me?  Do we have any rights?	Consumer Questions	New York
What steps can I take to keep my ex and my daughter in FL if she&#39;s trying to move to PA? My Ex-Girlfriend has decided to get married and wants to take our 4yr old daughter with her to Philadelphia. We currently reside in Jacksonville, FL...I am VERY involved in my child's life and do not want her to be taken from me to move so far. What rights do I have? We do not have any legal documents between us, but we share our time with her equally (depending on her work schedule, then I will have her more, most of the time)...I pay for 75% of her school and she's under my health insurance...what steps can I take to keep her in Florida?	Family Questions	Florida
Brokerage accounts titled to transfer on death part of a decedent&#39;s estate? Are brokerage accounts titled TOD (transfer on death) part of a decedents estate  subject to a claim by a surviving spouse?  IRA accounts with named beneficiaries subject to a claim of a surviving spouse?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If you work 12 hours a day how many days can an employer make you work a week? if you work 12 hours a day how many days can an employer make you work  a week?	Employment Questions	Iowa
Question regarding child support payments for three kids? Im looking at child support payments for 3 kids ages 14, 10 and 6. My understanding is that the first child is 25%, 2nd and 3rd are 5% each additionally.  My question is what happens to the amounts when the first child turns 18?	Family Questions	Minnesota
What can I do and is there some agency I can report them to if the mobile home does not take responsibility? I am renting a mobile home and some repairs need to be made. I made the owners aware of this many times and still nothing. I was informed by them that I was responsible for repairs, but this was between my late husband and them and I have nothing in writing that says I am responsible for any repairs. What can I do and is there some agency I can report them to?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
Question regarding Someone suing my son in California due to a car accident? Someone is suing my son in California due to a car accident.  We have a joint investment account, if they win, can they get the assets in that account?	Personal Injury Questions	Connecticut
What to do if I worked apts complex and got free rent  and was let go and now they want me out? What to do if I worked apts complex and got free rent  and was let go and now they want me out?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can the new entity enforce the terms of said agreement like tank removal fees or penalties? I have a delivery and service agreement with a propane company that was purchased or merged in to another entity. Can the new entity enforce the terms of said agreement i.e tank removal fees or penalties?	Consumer Questions	Connecticut
Question regarding my dad and sister jointly owning property? My dad and sister jointly own  a property.  When my dad passes, my dad's 50% will be split between my sister and myself.  However, when they purchased the property they executed an agreement that gives my sister the right to buy out my 25% share after my dad passes.  Is that legal?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
Can I give up right to my 9-year-old, but keep my 5-year-old? Can I give up right to my 9-year-old, but keep my 5-year-old?	Family Questions	Michigan
Do I have to pay if my daughter was state ward for two years and they charged me $600 a month for her? My daughter was state ward for two years and they charged me 600.00 month for her being locked up.  Do I have to pay this?  Dave	Family Questions	Michigan
What to do if my ex divorced me when I was disabled and broke? My ex divorced me when I was disabled and broke. She hasn't let me see my do in almost three years. I want to see her 3.5 days out of the week.	Family Questions	California
What to do if I separated from domestic partner &amp; refuses to refinance to get my name off the mortgage? My domestic partner and I separated a year and a half ago after 19 years together. He kept the house and I moved out.  He refuses to refinance the home to get my name off the mortgage so i have been paying half the rent. Is there anyway for me to stop paying?	Real Estate Questions	New Mexico
Do I have to report and/or pay taxes on finding 17 pounds of gold on my residential property? In Georgia, do I have to report and/or pay taxes on finding 17 pounds of gold on my residential property? It is worth a little less than a half million. I have tried to find laws on net, but none seem to apply.Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can my employer stop me from joining the new org? I stay in CA and my employer is in Connecticut. I m in H1B visa.I  have a new offer and the new employer has already filed a H1B transfer for which i have received the receipt no. as well. I have been working for my present employer for 9 months However, there is a clause in my offer letter which says if I leave them before 18 months I will have to pay for my relocation, travel and immigration and also the employer is entitled to obtain an injunction to prevent me from violating their laws. Can my employer stop me from joining the new org?	Employment Questions	California
What is the procedure from stopping the city from taking over the land? A house with a deed belonging to my aunt and mother was demolished because of maintenance and property violations. I am interested in keeping the land in the family name. How do I find out if there are any liens or judgments on file for this property and what is the procedure from stopping the city from taking over the land?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If I&#39;m moving out of state with my children, do I need the written consent from the  father notarized? I'm moving out of state with my children. (currently living in NY, moving to CT). Do I need the written consent from the children's father notarized?	Family Questions	New York
Question about inconsistent bi-weekly pay? We have gone from a bi-weekly pay cycle to being paid on the 15th and the 30th of each month.  This pay cycle we are being paid the 30th for the time period on April  - April 20th.  Is there something wrong with this picture; Ten days after the  fact with only 10 days in the period?	Employment Questions	Maryland
How to protect assets from medi-cal? How to protect assets from medi-cal?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How can I get a family off the title if I helped them buy a house and didn&#39;t make payments for 2 years? I help family buy a house by putting $20,000 down. Then they didn't make their payments for 2 years. How can I get them off the title?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Will quitting and taking money from register affect paycheck? If you quit a job and take 60 dollars out of the register, are you still supposed to get paid your paycheck?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Is 14 year old&#39;s legal guardian financially liable for accidents or bad actions? I am the legal guardian of a fourteen year old. Am I financially liable for any accidents or bad actions?	Family Questions,Financial Questions,LawPivot Questions	Idaho
Can your landlord throw you out after you have paid rent? Can your landlord throw you out after you have paid rent?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I need consent from the other parent to move out of state? I receive child support and i am the custodial parent of my child. visiting rights wasn't ordered by the court. Do I need consent from the other parent to move out of state?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a police officer search my apartment if they were given permission by the owners of the house ? Can a police officer search my apartment if they were given permission by the owners of the house?	Criminal Questions	New York
Help with a title transfer for an abandon boat? I need help with a title transfer for an abandon boat?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Do I have to go to their classes or how many classes can just my husband go to? Do I have to go to their classes or how many classes can just my husband go to?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Can we sue for damages if my dog was attacked by an unleashed dog and refuses to pay? My dog was attacked by an unleashed dog. My dog was on a leash. Dog was injured and the dog owner refuses to pay. Can we sue for damages	Personal Injury Questions	New York
What is the legality of class c fireworks in Michigan? What is the legality of class c fireworks in Michigan?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can you get an emancipation from your parents when you turn 16? Can you get an emancipation from your parents when you turn 16?	Family Questions	New York
If you work Monday through Friday can they consider Saturday a regular work day? if you work Monday through Friday can they consider Saturday a regular work day? How many days straight can a company in Illinois work you before you get a day off.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can you help me get my dog back if my ex is holding the dog hostage? Hi, My boyfriend broke up with me yesterday and is keeping my dog. I need help getting her back. He won't let the dog leave his house, but as I am the dog's care giver she should come with me. Can you help me get my dog back?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Is it legal for my boss to change vacation policy? Is it legal for my boss to change vacation policy? I am coming up on ten yrs and should get 4 weeks vacation, but I hear he changed it now. It's 12 yrs before I'm eligible for 4 weeks vacation.	Employment Questions	New Jersey
How does FMLA work in regards to group health insurance? how does FMLA work in regards to group health insurance? I am having serious problems and would like to go  into specifics after I learn how to ask the right questions.	Employment Questions	Florida
Kids and Divorce question? My wife and I are going through a divorce.  She teaches at a private school in Florida where my children also attend and my son is a student in my wife's class.  There is no court order for anything other than alimony and child support.  The administrator at the school is not allowing to have information about my daughter for the class she teaches and I am not being allowed to attend any of my kid's school functions.  I am almost sure that this is not legal.  Maybe you can shed some light on it?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What to do if I stopped paying my HOA cause it has been deteriorating and now they&#39;re suing me? The sub-division I live in for 6 years has been deteriorating, the board is very inefficient so is the property management. So i stopped paying my HOA about 3 years ago, now they hire a lawyer to come after me. What can I do? I'd like to get out of this situation first and counter sue them for slandering and neglecting and mismanaging or get rid off HOA totally. Thank you for your time.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can my healthcare provider drop me with no reason provided and can they charge me this fee after giving such short notice? I have been a patient of my primary doctors office for 20 years.  I have been given less than 2 weeks notice that they will no longer care for me.   It took 4 days to speak with the office manger.  I asked why have they discontinued me and the "only" thing she can tell me is that my physician cannot help me any longer and for no reason given.  I want my records and although they are willing to provide them to another physician, I would be charged 75 cents a page (20+ years-its a novel).  Can they drop me with no reason provided and can they charge me this fee after giving such short notice?  This was their decision to drop me and not mine.	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Should an insurance co pay anything for tree removal if it is going to fall on your garage with a classic car? Should an insurance co pay anything for tree removal if it is going to fall on your garage with a classic car in it valued at 20.000? This is not a dead tree.	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
If you get yelled at in front of  a customer is there something I can do? If you get yelled at in front of  a customer is there something I can do?	Employment Questions	Rhode Island
If your finances have changed, do you need to go in and update your information? If your finances have changed since the 1st and only financial affidavit for child support, do you need to go in and update your information?	Family Questions	Georgia
Help with court-appointed legal guardian suspected of financial abuse. I had a NYC Court-appointed Financial Legal Guardian who I suspect of financial abuse. Mental Hygiene Legal Service-NYC has been of no help. I need legal advice "pro bono," as a NYC resident. Separate from writing my Judge, is there anyone or an organization who can help me with the above?	Family Questions	New York
Question regarding my sister accused of child abuse? My sister is accused of child abuse. The baby is nine months my sister has no previous record. the baby got hurt because she and her boyfriend was in a fight and he has the baby and my sister tried to take her away she accidentally hit her. The father of the child hurt her as well.	Family Questions	California
Is AL code legal authority for each sibling to share in paying the premiums? In the state of Alabama a parent leaves a life tenant to daughter but did not specific who is responsible for property insurance. The other siblings are not willing to pay a share of the premiums.  Is Alabama code-Title 35, Chapter 9, and Section 3.6(e) (l) legal authority for each sibling to share in paying the premiums?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
If I&#39;m taking FMLA time at work, does the employer have a legal right to know why? If I'm taking FMLA time at work, does the employer have a legal right to know why?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Do we only have a certain time frame to file a divorce? In a Florida divorce, my spouse and I have already signed the papers but we haven't filed them yet. Do we only have a certain time frame to file them?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If a vehicle is purchased overseas, is it still taxable? I am currently a US Army soldier stationed in FT Stewart GA. I went the other day to renew my vehicle registration and was told i had to pay an amount of 251.23 dollars. That's higher than i have ever been required to pay. So my question today is- If a vehicle is purchased overseas, is it still taxable? and is this amount a reasonable tax on a 2010 dode caliber?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Do I have the right to the dependent&#39;s benefits that we were receiving while in the home with my husband? I have recently separated from my husband of almost 25 years. I have physical custody of 3 of our minor children. My husband receives social security for a disability and we also receive a monthly benefit being his dependents. My question is do I have the legal right to the dependents benefits that we were receiving while in the home with my husband? As it stands now I receive what he says that he can afford which leaves me with not enough.	Family Questions	Georgia
Is it legal to move out of the state with my children if there is no custody agreement? Is it legal to move out of the state with my children if there is no custody agreement?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Were my rights violated because the cop did not read me my Miranda rights when he was arresting me? Were my rights violated because the cop did not read me my Miranda rights when he was arresting me?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Does a landlord have the right to tell tenants that overnight guests are not permitted? Does a landlord have the right to tell tenants that overnight guests are not permitted? No mention of this was in the lease	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Legal for a doctor to refuse a patient their medication because they missed an appointment or cannot pay? Is it legal for a doctor to refuse a patient he's been seeing for nearly four years their medication because they missed an appointment or cannot pay? And these appointments had nothing to do with my medicine, they were appointments I had made when I wasn't feeling well or needed to ask a question. They had nothing to do with my medicine, yet at least three times the office refused my medicine for missed/canceled appointments - canceled due to my money problems, which I had previously informed them about.Then, forced to go to each unnecessary appointment and unable to pay, the office once again tried to deny me my medication until I paid my balance of $113. Is this legal? Or can they refuse only certain medications for the listed reasons?	Personal Injury Questions	Connecticut
What do I do if my car was under warranty and was supposed to be fixed but caused my motor to blow? I bought a car from a car lot and under the warranty my radiator was supposed to be fixed but it wasn't and it has caused my motor to blow out completely. What do i do?	Consumer Questions	Louisiana
What to do if the father doesn&#39;t pay child support and is in jail? What to do if the father doesn't pay child support and is in jail?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can an employer charge an employee for a stop payment on a lost or stolen check? Can an employer charge an employee for a stop payment on a lost or stolen check?	Employment Questions	California
Can a caregiver accept a donation for her business from one of her clients? Can a caregiver who takes care of the elderly in her own home accept a donation for her business from one of her clients?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Delaware
Question regarding about my 16-year old transgendered son? I have a 16-year old transgendered son.  He is currently residing in a residential facility for troubled youths. Recently we discovered that he was being sexually assaulted for over a year by another child who is 20 yrs old. The staff at the time asleep in a room with the door closed. Recently he began to run away from the facility and I would like to sue them. I need some advice and I need a lawyer.	Criminal Questions	New York
Case if I was recruited by a company and less than 3 months, the company merges and our office is closed? I was recruited by a company, left a good job, and less than 3 months later the company is merged and our office is closed.  Do I have a case?  I would never have left a stable company for this position had I known that they were in danger of closing.	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Do I have the right to take my daughter home if the father institutionalized her cause they don&#39;t get along? I am a mother in Utah who has joint legal custody of a 15 year old daughter. Due to my daughter and her father not getting along, he has had her put in a hospital. In a sense institutionalized. My daughter does not belong there. Do I have the right to take my daughter home?	Family Questions	Utah
If you have joint custody and the child is getting head lice, do you have to take her back to her mom? if you have joint custody of your child and she is always getting head lice do you have to take her back to her mom?	Family Questions	New York
Must employees who work 4 hours get a 15-minute break? Must employees who work 4 hours get a 15-minute break?	Employment Questions	Colorado
If you ever adopted a child out can you ever be awarded custody of another child in PA? If you ever adopted a child out can you ever be awarded custody of another child in PA?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I leave home at 17? Can I leave home at the age of 17 in Georgia?	Family Questions	Georgia
How likely is it for a grandparent to get full custody of a child from their mother in the state of Alabama? How likely is it for a grandparent to get full custody of a child from their mother in the state of Alabama?	Family Questions	Alabama
If my son&#39;s mother passed away and left him everything, What must I do as I have legal custody? My son's mother passed away and left him everything. I have legal custody. What must I do?	Family Questions	Maryland
Which is the superior claim to property: Tax Deed or Adverse Possession? Which is the superior claim to property: Tax Deed or Adverse Possession?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
If grandparents have temporary custody of minor, can father take to counseling without consent of them? if grandparents have temporary custody of minor, can father take to counseling without consent of grandparents?	Family Questions	New Mexico
How do I put a stop to contesting a will if my friend wasn&#39;t competent after repeated failed attempts? I contested a will/trust becasue my friend was not compentant at the time of signing it.  I just did the deposition yesterday. I want to stop contesting it. Because she had given me a IRA not part of the will- It looks like if I win-I lose- they will go after the money she gave me. How do I put a stop to it?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If I claim a child in court does that make me the father of the child? If i claim a child in court does that make me the father of the child?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can a foreign male with no police record and living in the US for 7 years have of obtaining a legal status? What options does a 27-year-old male from Guatemala with no police record and having lived in the USA for the past 7 years have of obtaining a legal status?	Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
Do we as the parents have the right to know the exact nature of the complaint and get a copy? I live in Erie Co, NY. On Monday I found a business card on our step from CPS saying pl calls. My wife was told we needed to meet in the nxt few days. Our appt is 8am Weds at home.  All we know is its re our 4yo daughter and my father.  They asked if she would be in his care in the next 24 hrs. We wonder if she said something "silly" at day care and as mandated a teacher called something in....we are completely lost. They plan to interview our daughter.  My questions are as follows:1) Should we be concerned that they could her from us?2) Do we have the right to know the exact nature of the complaint and get a copy?3) Can I record our conversation?4) Do we have the right to be present during her questionning?5) Any other advice	Family Questions	New York
When is one considered &quot;served&#39; with a legal summons for a civil lawsuit? When is one considered "served' with a legal summons for a civil lawsuit?  What is the criteria?	Consumer Questions	California
Able to call a lock smith and change the locks and enter the property of a tenant who needs to be evicted? I have a tenant in Virginia who's 'Extension Lease Agreement' term is up, and she still won't leave and return the house keys and pay the rest of the rent she owes. We've called her, left her messages and e-mailed her. Her original lease contract expired June 30, 2012. She asked us for an extension from May 1 - July 31, 2012, to give her more time to find another place and move out.My question is, are we able to call a lock smith, have them come out and change the locks and enter the property? We've given her notice and let her stay past her original lease she agreed and signed.Some say I needed to give her a30 day eviction notice, and cannot enter the property because she still 'lives' there.	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
If we get divorced, does my girlfriend get part of my house? My girlfriend wants to get married. i own a house. If we get divorced, does my girlfriend get part of my house?	Real Estate Questions	California
How many non-family members can legally live in a 3-bedroom house in the state of NY? I currently live in a house with friends, and the landlord wants to add more tenants, which we feel there is inadequate room for.  How many non-family members can legally live in a three bedroom house in the state of NY?  Where can I find more about this topic?  Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	New York
If I have a will and a trust done in Ohio, is it recognized by the state of Florida? I have a will and a trust done in Ohio. Is that recognized by the state of Florida?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Who do we take to small claims in a situation if someone cashed the check versus the owner of a boat? Who do we take to small claims court in a situation if someone else cashing the check versus the owner of a boat?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Is it possible to terminate mother&#39;s rights in Illinois? Is it possible to terminate mother's rights in Illinois?	Family Questions	Illinois
If you consent to a good behavior bond out of court, does it go on your criminal history report? If you consent to a good behavior bond out of court, does it go on your criminal history report?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Anything I can do If a person is order to pay child support, but they are not paying the amount? If a person is order to pay child support, but they are not paying the amount that's ordered by the court due to their other case with child support, is there something I can or i can't do about my child support case at all?	Family Questions	Virginia
Anything I can do if my husband is making me work for our adult children even I&#39;m in poor health? My husband continues to help support our 26 and 25-year-old children but even though I have poor health. He will not let me quit work. Is there anything i can do?	Family Questions	North Carolina
A NJ estate law question.  If I&#39;m named in a will to get say 25K and also was put on a bank acount to be paid at death with 50K, am I entitled to all 75K?  Or do I just get the 25K, and the rest goes to the estate? None	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What to do if my child&#39;s father won&#39;t let me take back my daughter when there&#39;s no custody set in court? My daughter and i live in Maryland and I let her father take her to visit her dad in Missouri. I was supposed to fly down and get her and now he won't let me. It has to do with the threats and things he has done. I'm scared for my daughters safety and there hasn't been any custody set in court. What can I do?	Family Questions	Maryland
What is the legal age to move out of your parents home in Colorado? I hear different things from different sites and people about my question. My question is, what is the legal age to move out of your parents home in Colorado?	Family Questions	Colorado
Do I have a lawsuit against a dentist who did a terrible and unsafe job on my son&#39;s teeth? My son had work on his mouth when he was 3 years old, the dentist filed his teeth in the front down and put partials in and said the they would fall out when his teeth came in, they look like they have grown into his new teeth and one tooth is growing from the top of his gum. Do I have a law suit against them?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If I terminate my rights as a parent do I still have to pay child support? If I terminate my rights as a parent do I still have to pay child support?	Family Questions	Florida
Will bank accounts with my daughter and my name only have to be divided with my husband? I've been married 7 years.  Will bank accounts with my 25-year-old daughter and my name only have to be divided with my husband?  If my husband and I want to be civil through the divorce how will division of assets work, can I leave the marriage with what I came with and leave him with his house and all of his assets without conflict?	Family Questions	Missouri
Question regarding my HOA hiring a contractor to do outside concrete work? My HOA hired a contractor to do outside concrete work.  Some of my walls may have to be torn down.  The HOA says I'm liable for work inside my condo as a result.  Are there exceptions?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I legally move back home with my children when I&#39;m divorcing? I am starting the process of divorcing my husband and we have four kids together.  We currently live in Rochester NY.  Neither me or my husband has family has family in this area. My entire family lives in St. Louis and I would like to move to st. Louis with my children. Can I legally move back home with my children?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
If I am in removal proceedings, is it my lawyer&#39;s job to inform me? If I am in removal proceedings, is it my lawyer's job to inform me?  Also, once out of removal proceeding when can I apply for my work visa?	Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
As a construction contractor do I have to charge nc sales tax on my lump sum contracts? As a construction contractor do I have to charge nc sales tax on my lump sum contracts?	Tax Questions	North Carolina
Can I sue hud if they allowed smokers in ssdi apts and I can&#39;t breathe? Can I sue hud if they allowed smokers in ssdi apts and I can't breathe?	Personal Injury Questions	Kentucky
What can I do if my parents borrowed $500 to pay insurance on their house and they won&#39;t pay be back? i am 26 years old. My parents borrowed $500 to pay insurance on their house and they won't pay be back. What can I do?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Can I get a concealed carry charge for gun in a car I wasn&#39;t in? Can I get a concealed carry charge for gun in a car I wasn't in? I also put the gun in the floor in plain sight but it ended up under the seat so I believe it slide there or someone put it there.	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Question regarding late brother and property is in probate since he had no will? My Brother recently passed, and his property is in probate. He had no will, never married, no children, one surviving sibling, 2 deceased siblings.I have been told that his inheritance will be divided into 3rd's. One third will go to the only surviving sibling, and the other two thirds will go to the children of the 2 deceased siblings. Is this possible?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What happens if test proves that he is not my son? We live in Missouri. I had a on again/off again relationship with a woman with a strong history of unfaithfulness. She has 3 children. The oldest is 10/daughter, she says is mine. The middle is 8/daughter, paternity test showed belonged to another man. The youngest is 7/son. I have been told he is mine, however, I have always had doubts. Recent comments from my ex, have led me to ask for a paternity test for the youngest. My name is on the birth certificate and I have paid child support for the oldest and youngest faithfully for years. We were never married. What happens if test proves that he is not my son? Should i get the oldest tested as well?	Family Questions	Missouri
What to do if I was incorrectly terminated from my job? What to do if I was incorrectly terminated from my job?	Employment Questions	New York
What are the laws regarding declining to rent us cause my disabled husband is a liability? I just moved all of my things from my California home to the Oregon coast after signing a rent to own lease agreement. I've had to stay at a local motel for the past few days because the owner needed to finish repairs. Her and I became quite good friends and she now is deciding not to rent to me because of disabled husband. She told me he is a liability. Now I'm wondering what the laws are regarding my situation?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Is it possible for my father to file for temporary custody before my child is born? Is it possible for my father to file for temporary custody before my child is born?	Family Questions	Florida
Do I have to notify unemployment if I was approved for permanent disability? I started collecting unemployment in calif on 1/25/2012 and on 3/9/2012 was notified that I was approved for permanent disability. Do I have to notify unemployment? Do I have to pay back unemployment?	Employment Questions	California
Am I responsible for all subsequent vet bills? My dog bit another dog at a park. I paid the vet bills for the dog that was bitten, but now the dog has licked its stitches out and was taken to the vet again. Am I responsible for all subsequent vet bills?	Personal Injury Questions	Minnesota
By me paying thru Georgia DEFACS what are my rights with child visitation? I have a daughter that lives in Texas with her mother. The mother has filed for state assistance and the state is asking for Georgia to pick up child support. I was paying voluntary child support outside of the court system. My child's mother denies me any all contact with my child. This has gone on for two years. I quit paying due to this. By me paying thru Georgia DEFACS what are my rights with visitation? Or would I have to get legal representation for this?	Family Questions	Georgia
When I get my divorce, will I be entitled to have the equity even if my house is not for sale? I will make this question short & to the point. When I get my divorce, will I be entitled to have the equity even if my house is not for sale? The house is in both our names.	Family Questions	Indiana
Can we keep the trust or do we have to do a new trust for each of us? my husband and I are wanting to get a divorce in Hawaii and we have a trust.  We would like the trust to remain the same for our children but we want each of us to have one property.  Can we keep the trust or do we have to do a new trust for each of us?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Hawaii
If a minor wants to leave her parents domicile due to negativity, can she leave without parental consent? If a minor (Age 17), wants to leave her parents domicile due to reasons of intense household negativity, and has another place lined up to live at, can she leave without parental consent? If not, is it something the courts can establish without having to go through the emancipation process?	Family Questions	Oregon
Can the IRS freeze my accounts to get their money or is this money exempt because it is from disability? I just received a social security disability determination of $19,000 for back disability income. I will be receiving disability payments of $1,432 a month from now on. My question is I owe the IRS $11,000 in back taxes from 2005 & 2007. can they freeze my accounts to get their money or is this money exempt because it is from disability? And if they can how do I go about trying to make a deal with them to pay this money back?	Personal Injury Questions	Massachusetts
Do I have a right to go home if my husband is divorcing and his name on the deed? After being away on a 4 month trip, my Husband of 7 years has locked me out of home. Only  His name on deed. He is divorcing me.  Do I have a right to go home?	Family Questions	Maryland
Can a landlord charge a 5 day notice fee on top of a late charge fee? Can a landlord charge a 5 day notice fee on top of a late charge fee?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
Can your employer say you don&#39;t get the break until all work Is done? In the state of Kansas is it your legal right to take a break from work with a 6 hr shift? Can your employer say you don't get the break until all work Is done? Even if it's after working 5 hrs? Also in an barber shop/beauty shop industry is it legal to not tell customers they have a time limit with their service & then cut the hours of the employee, write them up, &/or  threaten them with this if they don't finish the service in that amount of time. Weather or not it's the client being picky, asking for something difficult, or a child moving & it taking longer to make sure they are safe. They provide no training for this. Your not allowed to rush the customer or give a poor service to be sure it's quick.	Employment Questions	Kansas
What is the little white sign on top of my driveway mean? What is the little white sign on top of my driveway mean?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If there is no report &amp; I asked the judge for dismissal and he said no I had to get a Public Defender? If there is no Police Report and I asked the judge for dismissal and he said no I had to get a Public Defender?	Criminal Questions	Hawaii
Can I modify my spousal support if I&#39;ve been paying for 21 years? I've been paying spousal support for 21 years and I'm tired of it. can I modify or rid myself of this burden?	Family Questions	Alabama
Are landlords able to charge us on our income taxes if we break the lease for any reason? My name is Nicole. We moved into this mobile home in April and our lease is not up until next April.  Things were promised to be fixed in 2-3 weeks after we moved in but when it rains we have leaks in the wall and water damage.  Our refrigerator that the landlord provided us the doors are held on with electrical tape. The landlord also lets his kids ride lawnmowers and cut the grass  and they run over stuff. They almost ran over my dog.We want to move out and we already have a apartment ready to move in on Friday. But the landlords assistant said that if we move,   they will charge us a 14% interest rate on our income taxes. Are they allowed to do that?    We don't want our money back we just want to move out of this trailer.	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Am I entitled to any of the property that my ex got when his father died? my husband and i are getting divorced after 23yrs of marriage. He got a lot of property willed to him when his father died. Am I entitled to any of the said property?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
If claiming a person as a dependent who owes arrears to the state cause you to lose state refund? If claiming a person as a dependent who owes arrears to the state cause you to lose state refund?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Why do a legal separation? Why do a legal separation?	Family Questions	California
IS IT legal for a landlord to not call you and then put fees you allegedly owe into collection? IS IT legal for a landlord to not send you anything in writing or call you and then put fees you allegedly owe into collection?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Carolina
What is court code 43100 &amp; 43470? What is court code 43100 & 43470?	Criminal Questions	California
Possible if I got married in July &amp; want to get divorced before Dec so my parents won&#39;t find out due to taxes? I got married in July and want to get divorced before December so my parents won't find out due to taxes. Is this at all possible ?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can you be fired for having a medical issue that requires testing in a hospital? Can you be fired for having a medical issue that requires testing in a hospital, missing 3 days of work after a 3 week employment?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Fair for the insurance company to deem your car a total loss after a hit and run accident if it&#39;s drivable? Is it fair for the insurance company to deem your car a total loss after a hit and run accident on full coverage insurance if the car is still drivable?	Consumer Questions	Florida
How can we get our boys out of DSS custody in the most timely and conservative way? My husband and I have two boys that have been in DSS Custody in Salisbury, NC  and we have been doing everything they have asked us to do and this has been going on since Dec. 2010 and we can't seem to get anywhere with this.  How can we do this in the most timely and conservative way?We have one that is in kinship with his grandparents and he is 6 yrs. old  and they live here in Salisbury also the other one is in South Carolina in New Hope and he is down there working on getting his life together.  They are very smart boys and have a lot of anger and mental disabilities because of anger and mental abuse from both sides of their families.	Family Questions	North Carolina
Legal if I was fired and my employer won&#39;t pay for my accrued vacation time? I was recently fired a week before my annual employment date. I worked there since July 6, 2008 to June 25, 2012. I have accrued vacation time and the physician said he will not pay me for it. Also the Physician's wife, who is not employed there fired me. Is this legal and should I push for my accrued vacation pay?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
Should I have to pay $60 for a seminar if they didn&#39;t mention the price upfront? I saw a motivational seminar advertised in the local paper. I thought it would be good so I went. In the paper it didn't state a price and even at the seminar they never mentioned a price. When they got done and we started to leave they told us there was a charge of 60 dollars. Should I have had to pay that?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What are his and her legal boundaries for separation and to live separately? My sister is a home owner, with the property under her name only. She's been married 24 years. Her husband who is unemployed wants to separate and says he will move out when he gets money. She pays the mortgage, pays the bills and supports her kids. She wants to fulfill her husbands wish and separate. Her husband may never get a job and leave the house, can she ask him to leave regardless? What are his and her legal boundaries for separation and to live separately? Is it her responsibility to pay for his room and board and for how long, can she ask him to move out and bear his own expense? Please advise. Thank you.	Family Questions	California
Bank sent collection agency my bank activity for garnishment. My pay check is being garnished for student loans.  My bank sent me a letter saying they received a subpoena to watch my account and send the collection agency my bank activity.  What can they do?  The garnishment is a judgment filed in court.	Litigation Law Questions	New York
What to do if expenses for a government funded job went overboard and no on will pay? my employer is a contractor on a recent government funded job in Lockport, NY. After calling 811 for a safe dig, a rep. came to site measured out safe dig no#s and the crew started the dig. The measurements were way off causing major problems. The extra work, time and man power reached expenses upward of $17,000.00. A bill was submitted and the town of Lockport  will not pay a dime . what can we do?	Employment Questions	New York
Is a notary acceptable for one of the witness signatures when making a will in Alabama? Is a notary acceptable for one of the witness signatures when making a will in Alabama?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
Can my husband get shared custody of our child if he moved out with a female roommate? Can my husband get shared custody of our six year old daughter if he moved out with a female roommate and has a lot of people over on the weekends and also has a girlfriend who probably lives there with him? We're not legally divorced yet nor has any paperwork been started.  regarding chil	Family Questions	California
Can my sister&#39;s landlord refuse to give her all her storage pods and belongings? My sister was evicted form her Blackburg, SC home. The landlord will not let her retrieve her personal belongings.  He said that she can have one of her storage pods but he was going to keep one of the pods. Can he do that?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
I have a verbal monthly agreement with my tenant. He did not change utilities in his name. Tenant is behind on first month&#39;s rent. Tenant avoids landlord, someone says they are not there or never answers calls. Without a contract, what options exist to get tenant out?	Leasing Questions	North Carolina
What documents are needed for purchasing a vehicle from a private individual? What documents are needed for purchasing a vehicle from a private individual and what documents I will need when transferring the title and registration?	Consumer Questions	California
If I signed a pre-nup and my husband has no will what will happen to me? I'm a resident in Oregon. I signed a pre-nup. My husband has no will what will happen to me?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
In chapter 13 is there a time limit in a 3-year plan to enter a modification on your scheduled declaration? In chapter 13 is there a time limit  in a 3 year plan to enter a modification on your scheduled declaration sheet or are you denied due to time restraint? ken	Family Questions	Michigan
Can I sue my dad&#39;s company for all of problems they have misled me as not the beneficiary? My dad died in 1991 and he told me I would be the beneficiary. I had been calling off and on about it and the company has been telling me for 21 years that I couldn't get anything because my mom died first and she is the only one to get the life benefit. Just a week ago I asked them to send me a copy of the sole heir of the benefit and come to find out that I am the beneficial of the benefit but they had my social security # wrong on claim. can i sue them for all of this problems they have put me through for all these years?	Family Questions	Georgia
What are my rights if I am in a no lease house and will be late on rent? I am in a no lease house and will be late on rent.  What are my rights at this time?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Is it law that a landlord has to put new carpeting and paint every three years? Is it law that a landlord has to put new carpeting and paint every three years?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How can my son obtain representation when he is on medical and lives in a group home? My son is on medical and lives in a group home. How can he obtain representation?	Family Questions	California
When I turn 16, would I be able to move out of my parent&#39;s home with a guardian 18 or older? When I turn 16 years old, would I be able to move out of my parent's home and into another place with a guardian 18 or older without consent?	Family Questions	New York
Can the state of AR be sued for violating the fcra by showing the expiration date on my credit card receipt? Can the state of Arkansas be sued for violating the fcra by showing the expiration date on my credit card receipt?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Arkansas
How can we handle the situation if the prospective tenants are suing us for not giving their security deposit back since they found a new residence? On 1/8/2012, we told our prospective tenants that they could move in on the 15th. Then they told us that their old lease expires on 1/30/2012, so I told them that they could move in on the 1/28 if they wanted to and have the lease start then. We made a verbal agreement and collected a security deposit.  They are now suing because they want their security deposit back since they found a new residence. How would this situation be handled?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If one parent has temporary custody for a year due to an pfa can that parent move out of the city? If one parent has temporary custody for a year due to an pfa can that parent move out of the city?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if my employment was terminated and there&#39;s a few issues with it? My employment was terminated because of the sale of the company. I was told new owners would rehire. For over 3 weeks prior to the new owners taking over, I was never approached by them in writing or verbally as to my new capacity with the new company. I came to work the 1st day of new ownership as instructed with the expectation of being told what my new duties would be and to fill out paperwork for a new hire. None of this happened. I left after 1/2 day. 2 determinations by the Unemployment agency backed up my claim, but the 3rd by phone conference with a judge went to the previous employer. The decision was based on my quitting the job.	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can I collect unemployment if I have been cut to 7.5 per week? I live in FL and collect SS.  I have also worked for the same company for 10 years. If I make over a certain amount, my SS gets cut so I limit myself to 21 hours per week. But now I have been cut to 7.5 per week.  Can I collect unemployment?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can an employer terminate your employment for missing work when you are sick? Can an employer write you a reprimand or terminate your employment for missing work when you are sick and have a Doctor's note not to be at work?	Employment Questions	Florida
Employer take away housing allowance after  entering into a new lease thinking it would be available? Can an employer take away housing allowance after you have entered into a new lease thinking this money would be available?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
Is there a law that if you care for someone they need to sign a paper for taking care of them? My Grandma asked me to take care of her as she was in Hospital. She said Verbally she is paying me.Is there a law that if you care for someone they need to sign a paper for taking care of them?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Responsible for paying deductible for my employer&#39;s vehicle even if accident happened on company time? Am I responsible for paying the deductible for my employer's vehicle even if the accident happened on company time?	Employment Questions	Delaware
If my daughter leaves home without my consent is there anything i can do to make her come back home? If my 17-year-old daughter leaves home without my consent (but I know where she is) is there anything I can do to make her come back home?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I download a POA form from the computer since my autistic son can&#39;t sign his name? My son will be 19 this month and he is autistic and gets his medical from the state. He cannot write his name or speak  and the state is saying I need a power of attorney to be able to speak for him or they can't tell me anything about his medical. Can I download one of these from the computer or since he can't sign his name or do I have to get this done through an attorney? Dorothy Castaneda	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Question regarding a seven year discrepancy in my working years at a large hmo? There was a seven year discrepancy in my working years at a large hmo in sac area. 77 days after i retired i find out that i will get less that half of what i was told i would receive. I am at present contesting this with my employer but six months have gone by and the only response i get is they are "working on it."	Employment Questions	California
If a tractor trailer hits my car &amp; their insurance puts down that it&#39;s total, then who would pay for me to get another car? If a tractor trailer hits my car & their insurance puts down that it's total, then who would pay for me to get another car? My insurance or the other driver's insurance? How will I know what the limit is on another car?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
How do you file a denial of lunch suit against your employer? How do you file a denial of lunch suit against your employer? i was terminated for arguing with a fellow manager which I've seen other do without any actin taken against them some only get writes up i got terminated do i have any legal recourse when they aren't treating every situation the same more to it but simple version thanks	Employment Questions	Oregon
Can a bank force a family member to pay for a debt  left by deceased parent? Can a bank force a family member to pay for a debt  left by deceased parent?	Real Estate Questions	California
How do I remove my girlfriend out of my house when she&#39;s not on the deed or the mortgage? I bought a house 7 months ago and my girlfriend and her kids moved in with us. Well after 7 months things are not working out and now I want her to leave. She is not on the deed or the motgage. We live in Mass.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What to do if I was pulled over for speeding and did not have a updated insurance card in my vehicle? I was originally pulled over for speeding and did not have a updated insurance card in my vehicle. I was told by the police officer that I was not getting a ticket for speeding but was for not having proof of insurance. When I went today to show proof to have the ticket dismissed I was told that on the original ticket filled out it said in the speeding area that I was doing 35 in a 20 mph but on my copy it did not blew through or imprint what so ever. They informed at the city clerk that the city attorney has added on the speeding ticket. Do I have a shot at pleading not guilty and winning or should I just plead guilty and pay the fine?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
What are my rights if I have been living at my house for 17 years? I've been living in this house for 17 years. My landlord never had a key. He's selling the property and asked me for a copy of the keys. I have 1.5 months left on my lease. What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Can a parent of a 14-year-old American citizen force them to leave the country? Can a parent of a 14-year-old American citizen force them to leave the country and live with relatives?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Rental company refuses to return deposit after canceling contract. I signed a contract on 09/04/11 to rent a building on 09/01/12. In the city of Orlando, FL, I canceled my contract on 09/17/11. The company would not return my deposit. What is the time limit before contract take effect? The contract states the deposit must be in by 11/02/11. I paid in advance.	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Can you subpoena phone records on your own or does a lawyer need to do it? Can you subpoena phone records or any other documents on your own or does a lawyer need to do it?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can I legally keep the dog that my spouse bought as a gift but moved out? if a pet was given as a gift but the spouse moved out and did not take gift (dog), can I legally keep dog?	Family Questions	Virginia
Am I allowed to take money out of my ex&#39;s account to pay the taxes since I am still on the account? I recently went through a divorce. My ex-husband had an investment account that I was on while we were married. I am now getting a tax bill. I called the investment account to get the cost basis information for these investments, but they won't tell me because the stocks were bought before I was on the account and I found out that I am still on the account. Our divorce stated this money was his, but I was told by the IRS that I am still liable for the taxes while we were married and even now since my name is on the account. My question is what are my options?  I cannot get off the account without my ex-husbands signature. Am I allowed to take money out of this account to pay the taxes since I am still on the account?	Family Questions	Ohio
By the Facebook post on that page did I overstep my freedom of speech rights and cannot be held liable? It looks as if I may have an issue with some of my city officials, the mayor and city manager to be exact. Local police and fire personnel have not been given a pay increase in over 4 years and they say it's because there has been no increase in cost of living. I created a Facebook page, the page is " support Tallapoosa police and fire personnel, if you need to see details. My question is by the post on that page did I overstep my freedom of speech rights and cannot be held liable?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What to do if my ex wants half my part of late father&#39;s estate when he died July 18 and I divorced in June? My husband and I separated in June. Tragically my Daddy died July 18. My ex wants half my part of my Dad's estate. That's not right by any means. Is there anything I can do?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can a mortgage company put you on a loan as a co-signer without your permission or signature? Can a mortgage company put you on a loan as a co signer without your permission or signature?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What is Habeas Corpus? What is Habeas Corpus?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
How do I attain the proper paperwork to relinquish my  rights to my child? How do I attain the proper paperwork to relinquish my  rights to my child?	Family Questions	Texas
If we open my late&#39; brother&#39;s estate will all of his creditors make a claim against the estate? My brother who lived in New Hampshire passed away in June without a will.  He owed IRS, back property taxes, lot rent, the hospital, phone company, and many others.  It appears that his assets are much less than debts.  We paid for his cremation.  If we open his estate will all of his creditors have an opportunity to make a claim against the estate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New Hampshire
Is it legal for me to pick my child up from day care to spend time with me? i have a child with a woman. We have no court ordered custody or anything. We have never even been to court. Is it legal for me to pick my child up from day care to spend time with me?	Family Questions	California
How much time by law do we have to vacate? My boyfriend and I were hired for a company and was given housing as well.  Unfortunately I was fired and have to vacate the premises.  on the other hand he still has job but he is being forced to leave too because we are a couple. By housing authority law is the company allowed to do that?  How much time by law do we have to vacate?	Employment Questions	Oklahoma
Is it legal if my company switched me to salary with false info? I was given anemployee handbookto sign, under the impression I was an hourly employee (I have been at my job for almost two years).  Two weeks later, without notifying me, my company switched me to salary, meaning I signed a handbook with false information (I only knew because I opened my check).  I work in Massachusetts, and my corporate office is in New York.  Is this legal? What can I do to be moved back to hourly?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What can we do to get inside to remove my late grandmother&#39;s belongings? We believe that my grandma's landlord has been going into the home where she has lived for over 14 years.  We have been trying to gain access to the property to look for vital records while she was in a nursing home. He has repeatedly called the police to monitor what we are doing while we are present.  We still have not found the documents we need.  And we would like to remove her belonging from the property.  The rent is paid until the end of the month.  He has denied us access for two week, he even changed the locks.  What can we do to get inside to remove her belongings? she passed away this morning.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If the state sends my employer&#39;s paperwork do they have to pay the full amount? I have to pay child support Massachusetts. if the state sends my employer's paperwork do they have to pay the full amount?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What is the difference between divorce and separation? What is the difference between divorce and separation?	Family Questions	Georgia
How can I visit the USA on a student visa? I'm a Nigerian with a Russian student visa and I want to visit the USA for vacation to Disney World what do I need to do?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Can I as a father who have joint custody file for child support even though the mother file for child support? Can I as a father who have joint custody file for child support even though the mother file for child support also?	Family Questions	New York
If a father is paying a mother child support, should he mail or bring it to the mother? If a father is paying a mother child support, should he mail or bring to the mother? Or does the mother go and pick it up?	Family Questions	California
Can a woman get child support from her husband if he is not providing for the household the child is in? Can a woman get child support from her husband if he is not providing for the household the child is in?	Family Questions	Virginia
What time is curfew for teens in Baker, Florida? What time is curfew for teens in Baker, Florida?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
I am wanting to copyright a t-shirt print.  I have checked several web sites to see if this one has already been printed and I have not found a matching one.  How do I know that this t-shirt doesn&#39;t already exist?	Copyright Questions,Trademark Questions	Texas
True for my employer not to pay overtime until I hit 56 hours? my employer says he does not have to pay me overtime until I hit 56 hours a week because I work 7 days a week. Is this true?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can my husband get full custody of my newborn daughter because he&#39;s in the military? Can my husband get full custody of my newborn daughter because he's in the military?	Family Questions	California
Maximum allowed to charge a tenant in late payments and penalties for non-payment of rent for 5 months? As a landlord, what is the maximum allowed to charge a tenant in late payments, fees and penalties for non payment of rent for 5 months?	Real Estate Questions	California
Will my unemployed husband get half of my investment portfolio, 401k, the house and  support? My husband is and has been unemployed for 2 years and has HEPC.  I have paid the mortgage, insurance, the down payment on our cars and all major expenses.  Will he get half of my investment portfolio, 401k, the house and  support?	Family Questions	Colorado
If I use superheroes in my picture book only as toys, is it fair use or its a infringement to Marvel? I have used Superheroes (Spiderman, Iron-man and Super-man) in my picture book. My main protagonist takes this Superhero toys to school in his surprise box for Show and Tell during circle time. The Superheroes are not interacting with anyone in the story cause they are used as toys. Does this comes under fair use or its a infringement to Marvel?	Privacy Questions	Missouri
Is it considered served when a process server leaves paperwork on the ground outside a residence gate? Is it considered legally served when a process server leaves paperwork on the ground outside a residence gate?	Consumer Questions	California
Grounds for change of circumstance when one custodial parent has the kids failing school? is the custodial parent working two job and the kids failing school enough for the non custodial parent to have grounds for a change of circumstance	Family Questions	New York
How long does my ex-landlord have to give me back my security deposit? How long does my ex-landlord have to give me back my security deposit?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I bought a car and the title was not given to me, can I return the car legally and stop payment on check? If I bought a car and the title was not given to me ,can I return the car legally and stop payment on check even though I have the vehicle in my possession?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What should I do if my ex is falsely saying my son does not live with me and going for fraud? My son is 18 years old and lives with me (his mother) and his father still pays support. But he is trying to say my son does not live with me and wants to take me to court again to get me for fraud. What should I do?	Family Questions	New York
How can I set up a company in Delaware? How can I set up a company in Delaware?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding injuring my shoulder in April &amp; under the job&#39;s workers comp? i injured my shoulder in April and I'm still having problems with it. how long do i have to get this taken care of under the job's workers comp? what do i do to get more care for my shoulder?	Employment Questions	Indiana
True that I need to get an entertainment license as a go-go dancer? I am a go-go dancer in NJ and was just told by my work i need to get a entertainment licenses. Is this true in NJ?	Employment Questions	California
Can a company work employees 14 days straight and make days that we are off mandatory? Can a company work employees fourteen days straight with no off days and make days that we are off mandatory? Keep in mind we work ten hour shifts and only get ten minute breaks. This cannot be right!!	Employment Questions	Georgia
What recourse do I have if the landlord doesn&#39;t actually own the property but his father does? I have just found out that my landlord that I have been renting from for the last year and a half actually does not own the property but his father does.  His father called to inform me that he was not supposed to be renting out the property and was supposed to be living their and that he has not saw one penny of the rent I have paid in this time.  The father wants to meet with me to discuss the situation because he is thinking of selling the property, I had just signed a new lease with the son....What recourse do I have?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal if I paid a debt &amp; they are stating that they can&#39;t send me proof of payment in writing for 30 days? I paid a debt with a bank with a credit card and they are stating that they can't send me proof of payment in writing for 30 days. Is this legal?	Consumer Questions	California
If I get evicted how much time do I get to move in Texas? If I get evicted how much time do I get to move in Texas?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
In a usual Fl probate case is the final accounting and estate tax return included in the statute? In a usual Fl probate case is the final accounting and estate tax return included in the statute?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I legally discard items left in apartment and cleanup and re-rent immediately? A tenant was allowed to break lease due extended unemployment and they mentioned a date 2-3 weeks in the future but moved out overnight leaving items behind (i.e. couches, chairs, bed springs, chests of drawers) and dropped the apt. keys in door slot at office. No note; no return phone contact. Q: Can I legally discard items left in apartment; cleanup and re-rent immediately?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
how do I contact the labor board? how do I contact the labor board?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If my child dropped out of high school, Am I still responsible for making child support payments? My child dropped out of high school at the age of 17. Am I still responsible for making child support payments? Elizabethton, TN.	Family Questions	Tennessee
Is is illegal for an employer require you to work off the clock ? Is is illegal to for an employer require you  to work off the clock ?	Employment Questions	Florida
What can I do to make my coworker help me pay for crashing my car since i don&#39;t have car insurance? My coworker crashed my car. Now she won't even help me pay. I didn't have car insurance. What can I do to make her help me pay?	Personal Injury Questions	Nevada
Legal to fire an employee after getting in a car accident &amp; not being able to show up to work? Is it legal to fire an employee after getting in a car accident and not being able to show up to work due to medical issues?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is it legal to make a certified nursing assistant work more than 8 hours a day? Is it legal to make a certified nursing assistant work more than 8 hours a day?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can I be charged with criminal trespassing when late with rent 26 days? Can I be charged with criminal trespassing when late with rent 26 days?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Is there anything I can do to get the amount reduced so I have a place to live and necessary medicine? Paying reduced amount of support due to providing all visitation transportation (20 miles each way). Husband wants to raise it to the max ($98/wk). I am a diabetic and have to have thyroid medication. About $90/mo for prescriptions. Rent $490. Utilities$150/mo, health ins $80/mo. Gas and food with whatever is left over (make $10/hr) Is there anything I can do to get it reduced so I have a place to live and necessary medicine? He has not had a long term job in over 6 years. I am working. He is living in our old home until they evict him due to the foreclosure. Please advise. Thank you.	Family Questions	New York
How do I get the insurance company of the man who hit me to take responsibility? I was in an auto accident last Friday. The man that hit me was at fault and given a ticket. An eye witness stopped and made a statement to the officer as well. The man did have insurance but I didn't. How do I get his insurance company to take responsibility? What are my rights?	Personal Injury Questions	Texas
How can someone sue me for slander when I was trying to protect my son from possible molestation? How can someone sue me for slander when all  I was trying to do is protect my son from possible child molestation by taking him to get checked  out from his doctor? They told me it needed to be reported to the police and so i did so. and now there is threats towards me to be sued.	Family Questions	California
Can you return a used car with no warranty and get your down payment back? Can you return a used car to a "buy here pay here" dealer with no warranty and get your down payment back?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
What to do if I was punched and choked by a friend who I was mediating for? What to do if I was punched and choked by a friend who I was mediating for?	Criminal Questions	Texas
What does &quot;notice of non-setting of trial&quot; mean? What does "notice of non-setting of trial" mean?	Family Questions	California
Can there be an increase for my ex to pay more child support to me? Can there be an increase for my ex to pay more child support to me, and for all the years before that he never paid?	Family Questions	Arkansas
If a provision in a union contract addressing workers compensation and the workers compensation law changes after the contract provision is in place, does the contract or the state law take precedence? If a provision in a union contract addressing workers compensation and the workers compensation law changes after the contract provision is in place, does the contract or the state law take precedence?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Does writing &quot;job completion&quot; on a check carry the same legal weight as &quot;paid in full&quot;? Does writing "job completion" on a check carry the same legal weight as "paid in full"?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Are we liable to pay for our neighbor&#39;s medical bills if she sues us for a dog bite? My neighbor rang the doorbell so I opened the door and at the same time she opened the screen door and my dog came out.  Soon afterwards, she went to the ER saying she was bit twice. She told my husband later that day that the ER only gave her tetanus shoot.  She wants us to pay all medical bills and we feel she might sue us for emotional stress.   My questions are we liable to pay for her medical bills if she sues us?  And, if we go ahead and decide to pay her medical bills can we make her sign and document that says she will not sue for any other complications due to the dog incident.   If we do have her sign and date a document would we have to get it notarizes to be legal?	Personal Injury Questions	Indiana
If you have two kids by the same mother when does the child support decrease? In the state of Georgia, if you have two kids by the same mother when does the child support decrease?	Family Questions	Georgia
How to prove innocence in domestic assault and brandishing? I need advice on domestic assault and brandishing. I need to be proven innocent of this crime and I need all the information I can get on the crime.How to be proven innocent? What steps i have to make to be proven innocent? The so called victim is not making sense in the statement and the statement is not true but in the court's eyes. What do i do?	Criminal Questions,Legal Questions	West Virginia
If I want a divorce and my husband won&#39;t sign the papers can I still get it without him signing? If I want a divorce and my husband won't sign the papers can I still get it without him signing?	Family Questions	California
If I go to work an hour early and decide to start working, is my employer obligated to pay me? If I go to work an hour early and decide to start working, is my employer obligated to pay me?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If I was to do a living trust and leave everything to my brother as well as my kids could that be legal? I have legal custody of my kids. If I was to do a living trust and leave everything to my brother as well as my kids could that be legal or would my ex get the kids?	Family Questions	California
If my house is foreclosed on am I still responsible for past due property taxes? If my house is foreclosed on am I still responsible for past due property taxes?	Real Estate Questions	California
Would it be best if I put myself on child support if the mother won&#39;t let me see her? Hi, I'm a father of an 1-year-old girl and her mother wont let me see or talk to her. Would it be best if I put myself on child support?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
What&#39;s the turn around time to fix in a rental property? In the state of florida if the ac is broken in a rental property how quickly is the owner required to fix it?	Leasing Questions	Florida
Are there waiver forms for court fees? Are there waiver forms for court fees?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Is there case for FMLA if no FMLA papers signed? I have been on short term disability since July 15th 2011 and I am supposed to return to my job by October 5th. If I do not return i will be terminated.But on September 26th I have to go in for surgery and will be out 4 to 6 weeks. I have not received papers for FMLA or filled any out. I have not been told that I needed to. They said it runs together. But the handbook does not state that. So do I have a case for FMLA since i have not signed any papers for FMLA?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What to do if I moved to a different city, yet same county &amp; I feel that my cellphone is being invaded ? I moved to a different city, yet same county. I feel that my cellphone is being invaded.	Employment Questions	California
Can they just kick me out on the streets even though I pay rent? I pay rent to live at a structured living facility that I was also a client at. They specialize in Addictions and related disorders. They have given me two hours to vacate my apartment without notification due to unjust reasons. What are my rights as a tenant there? Can they just kick me out on the streets even though I pay rent? How long until I have to vacate?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How can I take child custody rights from my husband whom is incarcerated? How can I take child custody rights from my husband whom is incarcerated in Arkansas department of corrections prison?	Family Questions	Arkansas
What does it mean judgment must address spousal support for petitioner (i.e. reserve or terminate)?	Family Questions	California
If child is emancipated by his father through a court, can his father still claim him as a dependent on taxes? Does anyone know if a child is emancipated by his father through a court, can his father still claim him as a dependent on taxes?  I pay for most of my son's college and living expenses.  He lives with me and I filled out the FAFSA for my son.  I give him over $19,000.00 for school and living expenses per year.  My ex gives him $3,000.00.  My ex is threatening to take me to court because he says that we should be alternating the dependents.  My son is not getting support from his dad except for the 3 thousand for school.  Our agreement reads alternating the dependents til there aren't any left.  My son is not on the decree anymore.  He was emancipated.  What do you think?	Family Questions	California
If an employee is paid plus a sales commission, is the employer obligated to pay overtime? In the state of Florida, if an employee is paid on an hourly rate plus a sales commission, is the employer obligated to pay overtime?	Employment Questions	Florida
How to add a 2 person to a 1 person car title or contract? How to add a 2 person to a 1 person car title or contract?	Consumer Questions	California
I filed chapter 7 bankruptcy. Can they take my tax refund? I filed chapter 7 bankruptcy. Can they take my tax refund?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
What can I do if my daughter&#39;s father took her for a visit and has not returned her? My daughter's father took her for a visit and has not returned her. What can I do?	Family Questions	New York
Can my grandmother sue the estate for not holding up their end of the bargain? My grandmother is being evicted from her condo in Florida because her deceased husband's estate has not paid any taxes to the state/county. Can she sue the estate for not holding up their end of the bargain	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Who is responsible for spraying for spiders in a tenant&#39;s dwelling: the tenant or the landlord? Who is responsible for spraying for spiders in a tenant's dwelling: the tenant or the landlord?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Appeal a judgement that was brought against me for wrongfully serving someone with no intent done? Can I appeal a judgement that was brought against me for $5,000 for wrongfully serving someone with no intent done? It was a mistake in Fairfax County Courts.	Consumer Questions	Virginia
If someone loses their license, can they go to another state then and get license in that state? If someone loses their license for 1 year can they go to another state then and get license in that state?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a company hold your check for any reason? Can a company hold your check for any reason? If you have a written request to release that check to someone else do they have the right to hold it from them?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
What do I do if I bought a sandwich from a Walmart that i eat then found plastic or rubber in the sandwich? What do I do if I bought a sandwich from a Walmart that i eat then found plastic or rubber in the sandwich?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Meaning of receiving a court document of a chapter 7 bankruptcy being closed without a discharge? I work for the bankruptcy department at a loan company and received a court document of a chapter 7 bankruptcy being closed without a discharge. What would this mean?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What to do if I have a collection trying to get a large amount of money from me for a debt I don&#39;t have? I have a collection company trying to get a large amount of money from me for a debt I don't believe I have and they won't give me any information or proof of it. They just keep telling me I must pay this large amount quickly. What should I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
Is there such a thing called Palimony in NY state? Is there such a thing called Palimony in NY state? 14 years together and we have  an 11-year-old living in one (of many) apt building all this time.	Family Questions	California
Should a person rent out a house that has a strong smell of mold or mildew? Should a person rent out a house that has a strong smell of mold or mildew? My husband has a coworker who wanted to rent us a house. My husband and I had a chance to tour the home last Friday. There was black marks on most of the walls and a very strong smell of mold or mildew throughout the house. My husband's coworker swears there is nothing wrong with the house, but I disagree because both my husband and I felt sick after being in that home. Now this woman is upset with us because we refuse to rent the house and she is refusing to give us back the $200 that my husband gave her as a good faith offering that we would rent the house depending on what we thought of the house after taking a tour of the place.	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
If I am out on bond on PR can I move to a different state? I live in the SC state. If I am out on bond on PR can I move to a different state?	Criminal Questions	South Carolina
If I am renting a home and a tree falls on my car who is responsible to fix the damages? If I am renting a home and a tree falls on my car who is responsible to fix the damages? My car insurance  or the landlords home owners insurance?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If my friend who&#39;s dying of cancer marries, would all his assets go to me or what he originally stated in will? I have a friend who is dying of cancer.  He has left me a copy of his wife.  He has another woman who is trying to get him to get married.  If he marries her, would all his assets go to me or what he has originally stated in his will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Arkansas
Rights for moving costs, current/past rent if I take a temporary furnished rental? I currently have a one year rental agreement that ends in Oct.  I am renting a free standing building (a converted barn) located on the same property as the landlord's home.  He recently told me that he does not have an occupancy permit and has to have perc tests, the septic redone, etc. and that I have to move out.  My question is, what are my rights as far as moving costs, current and past rent, storage of furniture if I take a temporary furnished rental and if that is the case, reimbursement for rent more than what I am paying now.  This is in Plymouth, MA.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
When applying for marriage license, is it okay to have a warrant on you? When applying for marriage license in state of Georgia is it okay to have a warrant on you?	Family Questions	Georgia
How long does it take to receive my money if I won a lawsuit? i just won a lawsuit after waiting for more than 7 years. Now I'm waiting for my check. How long does it take to receive my money?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Possible for my ex to drop all my firearms at the police station for me to pick up? My divorce is filed and signed except by judge. I was given certain property including firearms to be picked up from my home which is now my ex wife's. She is now saying she is going to drop all my stuff at the police station for me to pick it up. Can she do this?	Family Questions	Illinois
How to have brother return loaned money taken from trust fund? Last year, I took $2500.00 out of my trust fund to help my brother with getting out of jail. He promised he would pay me back, now he refuses. How do I get my money back?	Contract Questions	Florida
What to do if I have recently found out that a child does not belong to me? What to do if I have recently found out that a child does not belong to me?	Family Questions	Michigan
Do I have a right to go get my daughter now before the hearing since I share custody with her father? I live out of state. Me and my daughters father have shared custody of her. He went to jail (and I didnt know) and his sister toke our daughter and never contacted me, now she is going for full custody, but I'm not listed in the court papers. Can she be charged with something? and do I have a right to go get my daughter now before the hearing, since i share custody with her father?	Family Questions	Nevada
What can I do to fix the problem if after selling our house, there&#39;s a cloud on the title? I made a contract to purchase a 25ft piece of property from the person buying the house next to me before they completed the purchase of the house. They used that money for a down payment, and then after the sale they were supposed to have the property released from the mortgage. They signed awarranty deedtransferring the property to us, bu never had it released from the mortgage. I didn't find out until we went to sell our house and now I have a cloud on the title. The person we bought it from now doesn't want to have an appraisal done to partially release the property, but they did sign a warranty deed transferring title to us. What can I do to fix this?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is my recourse if my apartment management won&#39;t renew my lease? What is my recourse if my apartment management won't renew my lease?	Real Estate Questions	Mississippi
What can happen to me if I&#39;m being charged a class b misdemeanor as I&#39;m only 19? hello I'm 19 and I am being charged with a class b misdemeanor for lying about being robbed. What can happen to me? I'm scared.	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Is severance package required if job eliminated? If an employee's job is eliminated, is a severance package required?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Recourse if my late grandmother&#39;s mortuary was unprepared cause he didn&#39;t sign the death certificate? My grandmother passed away over 2 weeks ago.  The doctor left and went on vacation for 2 weeks and did not sign the death certificate until 8-9-12; 2 weeks after her death.  As a result of this delay, the mortuary was unable to prepare my grandmothers body for cremation.Well my question is do I have alleged recourse?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
If I became a US citizen 4 years ago &amp; I have four kids, Who takes care of kids after divorce? I became a US citizen 4 years ago. I have four kids. Who takes care of kids after divorce?	Family Questions	Georgia
How can you change jurisdiction of the court from one state to another? How can you change jurisdiction of the court from one state to another?	Family Questions	Georgia
If you work for a security  job and they lay you off and you get vacation do you get it if they lay you off? If you work for a security  job and they lay you off and you get vacation do you get it if they lay you off?	Employment Questions	District of Columbia
What is the statue of limitations on a wrecker lien? What is the statue of limitations on a wrecker lien?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Am I giving my ex too much? I have 2 kids with my ex and we are still married. I'm making around $700 to $800 a week giving her 1 to 200 of that a week on top of paying her electric bill which is another $300 a month. Am I giving her too much?	Family Questions	California
Does my son&#39;s wife have the right to keep him from seeing his daughter through me if he has history? My son has a restraining order along with domestic violence and a 3 years probation on his record. Does his wife have the right to keep him from seeing his daughter or talking to her on the phone through me? It wasn't a problem before. I would pick up my granddaughter then drop her back home. But now that she sees women's pictures on his phone, she's going ballistic and refuses any contact between my son and his daughter. What can we do on our end?	Family Questions	California
What can I do if I have not received my alimony yet and I&#39;m disabled? Divorced in Kane County, Illinois on Dec. 31, 2010. Court ordered to pay me alimony for 4 years.  Did not receive my alimony for Feb. 2012.  I am disabled, live in Oregon by my family.  What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
How can I go about taking everything from my husband due to his infidelity and a child on the way? I am trying to find out how can I go about taking everything from my husband due to his infidelity and a child on the way? He says there is nothing that can be done to him as far as me getting child support for our four boys and spouse support for me. I live in Broward county, Florida. Can you give me some advice to divorce or separation?	Family Questions	Florida
If my lease is for low income, do I have to sign a new lease before my original is up? Hello; I live in a large apartment complex. They change managers every few months but this time the new manger wants me to sign a new lease. Mine is not up for about four more months. They told it would be if i do not they with start with eviction. My lease is for low income do i have to sign a new lease before my original is up? Thank You	Real Estate Questions	California
Should I divorce my husband first or should I file for child support first? I am married to my husband I want to get a divorce and put him on child support. Should I divorce him first or should I file for child support? I don't know how child support will work if we are still married.	Family Questions	New York
What&#39;s the easiest way to get our divorce? I was married August 2nd 2011. My husband and I had a child before we were married. We both want a divorce and have no need for dispute with child or property we already arranged those issues. What's the easiest way to get our divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Maryland
Can I file for divorce after living in WI for less than 6 months? Can I file for divorce in Wisconsin after living here less than 6 months, but have the divorce granted after the 6 month residency requirement is met?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
If you are hourly and drive your own car and have to pick up trash to take back to you shop to throw away, can your boss make you do it for without pay? If you are hourly and drive your own car and have to pick up trash to take back to you shop to throw away, can your boss make you do it for without pay?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Question about leasing? I am on a month-to-month lease.  I have been served a notice of  for cause termination for $199.00  in  late  fees. If I pay the late fees and serve the property management company with my 30-day notice to leave the apartment, and pay the current rent charge(s) am I allowed to leave the premises before the 30 days is up? or can I leave the keys and go? I don't want this to mess up my rental history, I've been here for six years and want to be legal and in the clear.P.S. I live in Portland, Oregon. thank you for your time :)	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
How do I recalculate my child support if my ex moved out of state with my child without plan renewal? My ex-wife moved 151 miles out of state with my child without renewing a parenting plan. What do I do and how do I recalculate my child support?	Family Questions	Oregon
Can I sue the Florida Department of Revenue for defamation? Can I sue the Florida Department of Revenue for defamation?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can my grandmother get my son&#39;s benefits from me if she cares for him? My son has been of the care of his grandmother for 8 yrs. I just received my disability in Ga. Can she get his benefits from me?	Family Questions	Georgia
If we are ordered by a judge to live separately, can we leave the country and live together in another country? If we are ordered by a Californian judge to live separately, can we leave the country separately and live together in another country? We are not American citizens but legal residents.	Family Questions	California
Still need to fill out the child support form for an un-contested divorce if neither want support? Do you still need to fill out the child support form for a un-contested divorce if neither parties want support and already have a written agreement in the state of NY?	Family Questions	New York
Is there a 3-day rule whereby if you sign an agreement you can change your mind in the state of Oklahoma. If so, is it 3 calendar days or 3 business days?	Contract Questions	Oklahoma
If someone signed my child out of school who&#39;s not family, can they go to jail? someone signed my child out of school a year ago that is not family although returning before days end. Can he go to jail and if so how long?	Family Questions	Illinois
What to do if I owe funds on property I transferred? What to do if I owe funds on property I transferred?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Is the house community property? I'm divorced and now going to community property. My wife is going after my disability retirement. She has a house that was willed to her before we married and I paid the mortgage on a loan she made to make some renovation for several years. She also spent an additional 20 thousand dollars in partial renovations.  Is this now community property?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Can a NYC teacher who was discontinued with no license revocation seek a teaching position? Can a NYC teacher who was discontinued with no license revocation seek a teaching position?	Employment Questions	New York
If a car is repaired without authorization and after they were told not to repair car and they do the work anyway before the car can be moved two days after breakdown? If a car is repaired without authorization and after they were told not to repair car and they do the work anyway before the car can be moved two days after breakdown?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
How do I get my name removed from a birth certificate if I&#39;m not the biological father? How do I get my name removed from a birth certificate if I'm not the biological father in Columbus, GA?	Family Questions	Georgia
Do I have a case against wrongful termination for sexual harassment? Hi my name is Kymberly Hunsaker. I currently work for U.D.O.T. (Utah department of transportation) as of December 1, 2011. However my husband and I worked at the same shed and upon our layoff (Dec. 1, 2011), our boss (Dave Foley) said to my husband that I wasn't welcome back due to the fact I wouldn't sleep with him. Is that discrimination ? Would I have a case?	Employment Questions	California
Can I have my warrant resolved without turning myself in or having to appear in court personally? I live in NC  and have an outstanding warrant in FL. Can I have this issue resolved without turning myself in or having to appear in court personally? It's for a felony drug charge and probation violation. FL will not extradite. I've been picked up for the warrant but released.	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Do I need to be present if I received a Notice of Hearing for a Summary Judgement? I received a Notice of Hearing for a Summary Judgement. Do I need to be present?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Am I responsible for the deductible if my neighbor wants to make a claim against my insurance? My neighbor hit my dog and we ended up having to put it down. The cost was $1200. My neighbor now wants to make a claim against my home owners insurance for the damage to his car. Can he really do this? If so am I responsible for the deductible?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Why am I finding out that I&#39;m the beneficiary 6 years later? I recently found out I was named as a beneficiary in my grandfather's estate but he died like 6 years ago. Why am I just now finding out about this?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is my stepsister entitled to the dolls if she is seeking them at my parent&#39;s house? I own my parent's house. My stepsister is now seeking albums and a some dolls. I found the records but not the dolls. Is she entitled to it?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can power of attorney over mentally incompetent parent be given without consent? My father is 89 years old and is getting very confused.  He says he expects my older brother, who lives 6 hours away, to be here any minute with apower of attorneyover him.  Can this be done without my dad's permission? And if he did give permission can it be reversed due to confusion?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
Do I have the right - under  loudermill - to view my charges before the loudermill hearing? Do I have the right - under  loudermill - to view my charges before the loudermill hearing??	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Who owns the right of way if you have one through your property but another is not a resident? If you have a right of way through your property so someone can have access to their property but theirs is not a residence just land, who owns the right of way?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
How do I obtain guardianship in order for me to put my 19-year-old-nephew on my insurance? My 19 y/o nephew just recently moved in with my husband and I. He had no insurance nor job at this time, my job requires a guardianship in order for me to put him on my insurance. How do I do this without it costing me?	Family Questions	Arkansas
Can I charge tenant from security deposit for lost rent due to the roach infestation? Ex-tenant moved out, and left roaches behind, had the  house fumigated but can't get rid of them.   Can I charge tenant from security deposit for lost rent due to the roach infestation?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can your employer count a doctor&#39;s excuse as unexcused? Can your employer count a doctor's excuse as unexcused if you also asked for that day off and got denied? Then you called off and got a excuse.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a sibling take her younger sibling&#39;s daughter away with out her permission? Can a sibling take her younger sibling's daughter away with out her permission?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I sell my husband&#39;s stuff to pay the bills if he&#39;s abandoned me? My husband of 17 years has abandoned me. Can I sell our stuff to pay the bills?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can my landlord refuse my partial payment? I am renting a bar in a commercial retail plaza. I have fallen 45 days behind in rent and I am trying to pay last months rent tomorrow. My landlord says I need to pay both months rent or get out. Can he refuse my partial payment?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can you work more than 12 hours in manufactured facility? Can you work more than 12 hours in manufactured facility?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Does Florida Require Homeowners Insurance? Does Florida Require Homeowners Insurance?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Claims for a lawsuit for cutting grass as a custodian at a local school? I'm a custodian at a local school and i am a woman in my early 60's and I've been told i now have to cut grass weed eat rake and etc. Do I have claims for a lawsuit? I'm not a member of our AEA group.	Employment Questions	Alabama
Can I terminate lease agreement due to unsafe conditions? Are there any laws in California that pertain to a tenant being able to terminate arental lease agreementif they feel unsafe in their place of residency? There have been robberies, shootings and death threats to my neighbor by people who either live here or have been in the gated complex. I feel very unsafe and want to know if legally there is any way I can terminate my lease due to unsafe conditions? The rent agreement states that unless stated different in a statute they are not responsible. But I feel it's their responsibility to keep their property safe and not put tenants in danger.	Leasing Questions	California
If 2 people sign a rental lease to rent a home and one of the two people used a fraudulent name and signature, would it be considered fraud and would the lease be declared null and void? If 2 people sign a rental lease to rent a home and one of the two people used a fraudulent name and signature, would it be considered fraud and would the lease be declared null and void? Could they be evicted immediately?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I have my ex-husband&#39;s parental rights terminated based on abandonment? My ex-husband moved from Virginia to California 5 years ago.  Since then, he has not seen our children, ages 12 and 6.  He has not talked to them either by phone, letter, or email in nearly  a year.  Prior to his move, he had only seen our son three times and rarely visited or called our daughter. I have sole custody of both children.  He has legal visitation, but has never made use of those rights.  Can I have his parental rights terminated based on abandonment?	Family Questions	Virginia
What do I do to stop from my son moving and get custody of my son back? I am a mother of a 5-year-old boy and I live in FL. I had a court order to send my son to NY for the summer to see his father but I do now work and don't have the money to send him. He went to court and now the courts have giving him temporary custody. What do I do to stop this and get custody of my son back?	Family Questions	Florida
Do we have to petition the FL probate court to receive our aunt&#39;s inheritance? Hi my name is Lee Weston.  My mother passed away in Pennsylvania in March of this year.  She had an Aunt Jane that had passed away last year in Florida.  My mother was to receive an inheritance of around $34,000.   My brother and I are my mothers only descendants.  At the time of my mothers passing she had no assets, no real estate and hardly anything of value.  We decided to not do a probate because of this.  She had very little debt that we had charged off when we sent letters and a copy of the death certificate.  How do we go about receiving her Aunt Jane's inheritance?  Do we have to petition the Florida probate court or establish something in Pennsylvania? Thank you so much for your help.	Family Questions	Florida
What template can I use to draw up loan for restaurant owner? I am considering loaning a restaurant owner $10,000 at 7.5%. is there a template I can use to draw up the loan for my protection?	Leasing Questions	New York
How long does a company have to reissue a check if your payroll check bounced in the state of Maine? How long does a company have to reissue a check if your payroll check bounced in the state of Maine?	Employment Questions	Maine
Do I need all my records showing every time I have paid child support? Do I need all my records showing every time I have paid child support?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can my mother sell her home and give the money to her son&#39;s and go in a nursing home? In PA can my mother sell her home and give the money to her sons and go in a nursing home?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding a divorce &amp; both parties on disability &amp; own a home together? I want to get a divorce and both parties are on disability and own a home together that is still mortgaged. Could one party loss there equity in in the home?	Family Questions	Louisiana
If I have not received my alimony since 2000, how do I go about suing for it? If I have not received my alimony since 2000, how do I go about suing for it?	Family Questions	Florida
What to do if landlord says I&#39;m still liable for the rent when I give the house manager cash and ran off? I pay rent in cash. I received a receipt from house manager and instead of giving it to landlord kept it now. Landlord says I'm still liable cause i did not tell her right away.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is the payroll company liable for the tax bill? My payroll company incorrectly filed my company's SUI tax for 3 out of the 4 quarters in 2011 leaving me with a substantial tax bill.  Does the Payroll company liable for this mistake? I am in PA?	Tax Questions	Pennsylvania
can i temporarily sign my parental rights over to my parents until the CPS case is over? I am currently in an informal cps case. Can I temporarily sign my parental rights over to my parents until this is over?	Criminal Questions	California
Question regarding a notice to appear? I received a Notice to appear at my mother's house a few days ago, but the papers were not handed to me personally. Who ever delivered them gave them to my mother. I am 27 years old so It's not like she would have to receive them because I was a minor. Is this still valid? How does the court know I actually received the paper?	Family Questions	Illinois
What can I do about a police officer who shared information about my son&#39;s arrest to my son&#39;s friends? A police officer shared information about my son's arrest to my son's friends telling his friends to stay away from him. What can I do?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Legal for my dentist to charge for my medical records? My dentist charged me for my medical records. Is that legal according to HIPPA?	Personal Injury Questions	Maryland
How to get a felony expunged off my record? How to get a felony expunged off my record?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
If I live in New York City and live with the father of my kids, does that affect me getting any child support? I live in New York City and live with the father of my kids. Does that affect me getting any child support? All he does is pay half of the rent.	Family Questions	New York
Can child support payments be deducted from social security disability? Can child support payments be deducted from social security disability?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I need to change my son&#39;s last name to his father&#39;s? I need to change my son's last name to his father's?	Family Questions	Missouri
Question regarding waiting for a deposit? What do I do next? After 2 months waiting for my deposit, I call the manager and she said she'd done her part by submitting a list of costs on wear and tear to the owner. It is up to the owner to get me my deposit. She said she will contact the owner. 2 days later, I call again. This time, the owner told her that he has send out a list of charges to me. July 25, I am still not receiving anything. Since she never call and was very angry, I asked for the owner's contact information. The manager refused. After 2 more days of waiting, I called again and again but she never answered her phone. Today, I sent out a demand letter for my deposit. Aug 1, I received the list with a balance more than my deposit.	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I sue the township for harassment? I'm getting singled out for having 1 spot in yard when the grass is too high when all my boarding neighbors grass and weeds are worse. can I sue the town ship for harassment? The person that complained is good friends with the township and I am from out of town. It's a lot like  conspiracy to me EVEN the mayor is in on it.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Bank will not help recouping costs of fraud. I had fraud on my business account because I didn't notice it when it first happened.  When I did notice it it had been 60 days that they used my debit card again. The bank won't help, they told me to try to recoup it myself. What should I do?The Federal law says you only have 60 days to notify the bank.	Banking Law Questions	Oregon
What to do if my wife&#39;s son has been robbing me &amp; I would like to have him removed from my property? What to do if my wife's son has been robbing me blind & I would like to have him removed from my property quick?	Family Questions	New York
What should I do if I have a no trespassing sign posted and people still come onto my land? I have a no trespassing sign posted and people still come onto my land. What should I do?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I legally move out of my mom&#39;s house without her consent since I am 17, pregnant, and engaged? Can I legally move out of my mom's house without her consent since I am 17, pregnant, and engaged?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can my employer lower my wages because they do not have time to train me as a manager, even though I was hired in October as a manager? None	Employment Questions	Ohio
Legal to charge a daily interest rate for an auto title loan? Is it legal to charge a daily interest rate for an auto title loan? The business is in Florida but is doing business in New York.	Consumer Questions	New York
What do I do if I was evicted and now the agent is throwing all my belongings in the trash? I was evicted from the house I rented last month. Now the agent is throwing all my belongings in the trash.  What do I do now?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How do you find out about a will who was named in a grandparent&#39;s will/trust? How do you find out about a will who was named in a grandparent's will/trust?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Can my bank force me to make monthly payments on fees along with my normal payment? I live in Florida. I had fallen behind on my mortgage payment and am now totally caught up. The bank is trying to hit me for 3000.00 in legal fees and would is forcing me to make monthly payments on these fees along with my normal payment. Can they do that or do I have any alternatives in this situation	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it legal for a hospital to make RN&#39;s take mandatory call from 7p-7a? Is it legal for a hospital to make RN's take mandatory call from 7p-7a? I already work 36 hours a week 12 hour shifts 7a-7p. They only want to pay $4.00/hr call pay.	Employment Questions	Connecticut
Please tell me if there is anything I can do to continue to receive the support of children and families? Hi, I am a legal guardian for a minor child who is a relative of mine. I've been caring for this child for almost 13 years and I was receiving help from the state (children and families). However, no that it is time for my review, they have denied me the assistance. They state my income is too high. Keep in mind when I was told about this program by one of their workers, I was told that income had no barring. The minor child was placed in protected custody from the age 0f 6 or 7 months old. Please tell me if there is anything I can do to continue to receive the support of children and families?	Family Questions	Florida
How does a company become an Act 90 vendor in Pennsylvania? How does a company become an Act 90 vendor in Pennsylvania?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Ohio
Legal for an employer to pay an employee one rate for a job and minimum wage for work done at home? Is it legal in PA for an employer to pay an employee one rate for a job and minimum wage for work done at home?	Employment Questions	New York
If my trial ended as a hung jury, can I be retried? My trial ended as a hung jury. Can I be retried? What evidence can the state use for a re-trial and what options do I have?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
How can I prove discrimination and/or Bullying in the workplace? How can I prove discrimination and/or Bullying in the workplace?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Does being in school affect how much child support I&#39;ll pay? Does being in school affect how much child support I'll pay?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Can I get sued by bill collector? Can a bill collector sue me if I have been making payments to them? They served my 14yr old son the papers today, they have had the account for 2 months and I now owe 100 dollars?	Consumer Questions	Washington
Are propane noise cannons illegal in Atlanta? Are propane noise cannons illegal in Atlanta?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Will the mortgage have to take my name off If we put that my husband takes full responsibility of the house? If in the divorce papers we put that my husband wants to take full responsibility of the house and car and my name needs to be removed will the mortgage company have to take my name off?	Family Questions	Indiana
If a person clocks in at 5:01 and his/her clock in time is 5:00, can they be docked 15 minutes? If a person clocks in at 5:01 and his/her clock in time is 5:00, can they be docked 15 minutes?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Should I stay or should I leave if the bank took over my condo but said I can stay without a lease? I am renting a condo that is being taken over by the bank. My lease has expired and they said I can stay without a lease. Should I stay or should I leave?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What are rights when neighbor harassing me about noise? I am having an issue with my apt. management & my neighbor below me. The neighbor below is complaining about noise from our apartment at times when we aren't even home. I have written 2 letters to the office & they continue to give me a hard time.  What are my rights as this is becoming harassing?	Leasing Questions	Michigan
Is a custodial parent responsible for all expenses for the children if he receives child support? Is a custodial parent responsible for all expenses for the children if he receives child support?	Family Questions	Utah
Does PTO have to be included in the last paycheck or can it come in a separate check? Does PTO have to be included in the last paycheck or can it come in a separate check?	Employment Questions	California
Can my employer withhold my accrued vacation pay for any reason? Can my employer (in Massachusetts) who is a private nonprofit doing business with the government, withhold my accrued vacation pay for any reason?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How do I expunge petty theft from my record? Hi, my name is Dezjaunta price. I was charged and convicted of petty theft almost 2 years ago, in the state of VA. I really want to get this expunged from my record because this is not me at all, and I always fall into depression. is there anything I can do?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
How do I get my money back from a mechanic in which I gave him a the check from the insurance company?	Contract Questions	Ohio
Should I be notified of the will after my father&#39;s death even if I&#39;m not mentioned? Should I be notified of the will after my father's death even if I'm not mentioned?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What legal rights does a single father have who&#39;s dissolving a 10-year relationship (unmarried)? What legal rights does a single father have who's dissolving a 10-year relationship (unmarried)?	Family Questions	California
How would I bring it to the judge&#39;s attention if it&#39;s illegal to serve a UD after sale? I've been served with an unlawful detainer after having an illegal foreclosure in CA. I'm told that it is illegal to serve a UD after sale. How would I bring this to the judge's attention?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can our insurance cancel our policy and my daughter receive a OWI? Can our insurance cancel our policy and my daughter receive a OWI?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Michigan
Legal for landlord to charge me for painting, a broken window and cleaning? I lived in an apartment for 16 months. Perfect tenant. Cleaned and scrubbed the place spotless. Landlord wants to charge me for painting, broken window that was broken before I moved in and cleaning. Is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	California
If my mom dies can my brother put us out when we live with my mom in her house? i live in my moms house (with wife and kids). If my mom dies can my brother put us out?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How can I adopt a child? How can I adopt a child?	Family Questions	California
How do I force my ex to give me my stuff in her house when she has not been responding? Ex girlfriend has my stuff in her house. She has not been responding to any communication. How do I force the issue?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If I have a checking account in my name only and we file for divorce will this account split between my ex? I am married in Florida. If I have a checking account in my name only and we file for divorce will this account have to be included and split between my spouse and myself?	Family Questions	Florida
Legal for my employer to pull me off the case cause of an accident and only pay me for medical only? I hurt my neck when I was lifting a client from the car into the wheelchair and having pain across my upper and middle back and burning sensation on my right arm. My employer is pulling me off the case,  but not saying anything about receiving worker's compensation benefits. The company does have worker-man's compensation insurance. They are going to pay for my medical only. Is this legal?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Are we obligated to pay the attorney&#39;s son if he took over the firm after our father died? My father died in Montana in 2007 and left a small estate which was divided equally between his six children. His attorney died shortly after Dad died. The attorney's son took over the firm. That attorney is now charging us $2000 and says he needs to close the estate. We thought the estate was closed before assets were dispersed. There were no outstanding debts to the estate. All bills and obligation were paid after Dad's death. We don't know why this matter wasn't closed years ago. Are we obligated to pay this fee?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Montana
What are the driving restrictions in the state of NY for a DJ license? What are the driving restrictions in the state of NY for a DJ license?	Family Questions	New York
How long will it take to get a divorce since we don&#39;t have any minors and we have a mutual agreement? I got married in Illinois. How long will it take to get a divorce since we don't have any children under 18 and we both have a mutual agreement to get divorce?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can I take my name off of a car loan if I&#39;m the primary and my ex girlfriend is the co signer? Can I take my name off of a car loan if I'm the primary and my ex girlfriend is the co signer? We still owe money on the car loan.	Consumer Questions	California
Can the owners legitimately sue me for the amount remaining on the lease? I am currently sharing an apartment with a roommate. Both our names are on the lease. I am moving out before the lease is finished because I am reuniting with my wife who I have been separated from for 7 months. The main reason for this move is to help my son who has mental problems such as bi-polar disorder, ADHD, manic-depression and learning disabilities. The apartment owner is threatening to sue me for the amount remaining on the lease, and has told my roommate that she cannot get another roommate to replace me as they would consider that sub-letting. Can the owners legitimately sue me?	Real Estate Questions	California
If a person pleads guilty and is sentenced 3 years with 3 strikes what does that mean? If a person pleads guilty and is sentenced 3 years with 3 strikes what does that mean?	Criminal Questions	California
What can I do if an employer wrote to me that I&#39;m in violation of labor law without giving her last check? I had an employee who had a specific responsibility for shopping for my company. She resigned, and then asked to be partially reinstated. She also asked if she could continue the shopping. After consideration, I decided to let her return, but to transfer the shopping responsibility to another employee. After I told her of my decision, she abruptly quit.  I had previously asked her to transition her responsibilities to other employees, which she did not do. I did not send her last paycheck to her (approx $60), and she subsequently asked why she had not received it. I told her she would receive it when I received some things and info she had. She wrote me that I was in violation of labor law and would file a complaint. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Could my parents stop me from taking my son with me and getting custody over him? Hi my name is Michelle and I have a 2-year-old son and we both live at home with my 2 brothers my sister, her 3-year-old daughter, my mom and my dad. I was thinking it was time to get my own place with my bf but my parents don't like him cause he's a lot older than me. My parents  told me I could go but leave my son there with them. I don't want that but my mom tells me I'm an unfit mom cause I don't cook clean or have baby on schedule. It's in a way kinda true but I don't do that stuff cause it's not my own place and I wanna do it if it was my own place. I would have no choice.  Could they stop me from taking him with me and getting custody over him?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
True if a gym membership contract states that if I pay the termination fee, I can&#39;t cancel my membership? Saratoga Springs, New York.  Gym membership contract."If at any point you wish to cancel your membership, you must contact the GM in writing, giving the appropriate reason for cancellation. Changes in permanent residence or more than 25 miles or a medical inability to continue use of facility are deemed appropriate.Initiation fees, including the yearly gym maint. fee, will not be refunded unless cancellation within 7 days. Cancellations not occurring within 7 days of joining will be subject to $100. early termination fee."  They are telling me that even if I pay the $100 termination fee, I cannot cancel my membership and will continue EFT withdrawal.  Based on this wording quoted, is that true?	Consumer Questions	New York
Can I be forced to pay for college today because of an absent college cost in a 1999 divorce decree? Absent college cost in a 1999 divorce decree, can I be forced to pay for college today?	Family Questions	Colorado
What to do if a tenant has not paid for one month and his contract expires next month? Good afternoon. I owned a house in Portland, Oregon. I have a tenant living there. His contract will expired on Aug 1st 2012. He has not pay the rent for July. I send him a 30-day notice to vacate the house by Aug 1st 2012.  What are my options? I'm asking for advice. Please reply to&#101;&#x73;&#x63;&#111;&#x62;&#x61;&#x72;&#x73;&#x32;&#x37;&#64;&#x79;&#x61;&#104;&#x6f;&#111;&#x2e;&#x63;&#111;&#x6d;.	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
At what age does child support end if child is not in school? At what age does child support end if child is not in school?	Family Questions	Alabama
Is there any requirements for the emancipation process? I'm 15 years old and I would like to get emancipated. Is there any requirements for the emancipation process?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Help in rewriting this statement for my addendum post inspection? Please help new Realtor with verbiage. Would you help me rewrite this statement for my addendum post inspection? Thank you"Inspection report revealed that the master slider and family room slider are seized shut. Request  repairs done by seller."	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What can I do to gain visits with my 4-year-old niece? I have a niece who is 4yrs old by my brother who is currently incarcerated. Her mother (EX-sister-in-law) is not open to my family seeing the child. My question is what can I do to gain visits with my 4yr old niece?	Family Questions	Connecticut
How can my nephew go about changing his daughter&#39;s last name to his on her birth certificate? My nephew was in Iraq while his daughter was born in California; however, his daughter's mother did not give the child his last name (i.e. the child has the mother's last name).  Couldn't the mom have given his daughter his last name from the get go?  Also, how can he go about changing his daughter's last name to his on her birth certificate?	Family Questions	California
Can I ask the judge to have ex present through proceedings? Can I ask the judge to have ex present through proceedings?	Family Questions	Missouri
If I put my children in a temp. guardianship what are my rights for visitation? If I put my children in a temp. guardianship what are my rights for visitation?	Family Questions	Georgia
Do I have any liability to my roommates in a small claims court if I do not pay? I lived with two roommates in 3 bedroom apartment from February-June. My roommates signed the lease in November, and had another roommate living there until he moved out in February, and I moved in.When I moved in, the apartment has trashed and the carpets were stained. Because of this, I told my roommates I would not be signing the lease or paying for the existing damages. They were fine with this. Now in July, they received a bill for $1,500 to replace the carpets and are asking me to pay 1/3 of it despite the fact that I am not on the lease and never agreed to pay anything. I know that I have no liability to the apartment complex, do I have any liability to my roommates in a small claims court if I do not pay?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
If my mom signed by both of us and a notary is it law binding? My mom and I entered into a settlement. She pays me x amount a month etc. In that settlement it gave me the option to buy the house she owns that I rent from her. I was trying to get a loan for the house to buy it. I called her and she said: you signed a document stating you don't want the house". I found this document but mine is not signed by either of us or a notary. If hers is signed by both of us and a notary is it law binding?	Family Questions	Oregon
If I received a summons from my ex for &#39;contempt,&#39; am I obligated to pay him prior to that time? I received a summons to appear in court in one week for 'contempt' - my ex-husband is trying to collect back payments from me for health insurance he claims I owe him from 2003 to 2005.  Our divorce became final in 2005 - am I obligated to pay him prior to that time?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
What rights does Landlord have at the time of signing the lease? Hi,I live in Georgia. If a Tenant agrees to sign a Lease, occupies the property, then refuses to sign Lease, stops paying Rent, because Tenant says certain verbal agreements were not met, is this Lease valid?What rights does Landlord have at this time? Thanks.Oliver.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
If I&#39;m going to get a divorce, do I have to pay any bills that have his name on it? If I'm going to get a divorce, do I have to pay any bills that have his name on it?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Legal if landlord changes her mind when it&#39;s outlined in a lease that payment will be made through transfer? It's outlined in a lease that payment will be made through bank transfer and the landlord changes her mind months later grounds for breaking the lease.	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
What comes first in establishing citizenship for a person who has been in the USA more than 40 years? What comes first in establishing citizenship for a person who has been in the USA more than 40 years, has a valid SSN, married to a US citizen for 31 years and whose papers expired years ago?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Question regarding my daughter&#39;s friend who wants to sign over her mobile home to her? My daughter's friend wants to sign over her mobile home to her.  The trailer is paid off she wants to give it to her. It's located in a trailer park in Ohio.	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
What to do if my son has been charged with false informing a class b misdemeanor &amp; they say no bond? What to do if my son has been charged with  false informing a class b misdemeanor and they say no bond?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
How do you go about appealing a parole board&#39;s decision? How do you go about appealing a parole boards decision? The person in question has done over half of their sentence, and has completed all of the requirements and is ranked 1b.	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
If my tenant broke a lease, do I have to get the keys from my house? If my tenant broke a lease and he moved out, Do I have to get a letter and the keys from my house from him that he moved?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
If my girlfriend&#39;s ex was arrested and he can&#39;t pay child support, is there another way for her to collect? If My girlfriend's ex-husband was recently arrested and he can't pay child support, is there another way for her to collect?	Family Questions	Georgia
can i be suspended and get my pay docked if I am salary employee? I am a salary employee. Can I be suspended and get my pay docked or they make me work 7 days a week?	Employment Questions	New York
Do I need a court order to distribute the assets as per the trust agreement? I am successor trustee to my mother's estate who passed away in April. My sister has retained an attorney to argue against the terms of the trust.  I turned over all the documents and information in my possession, to her attorney on August 13th. I have not received any response what so ever since that time. Do I need a court order to distribute the assets as per the trust agreement, since I do  not have my sisters cooperation?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is there an employer law that says my work should have immediately fired him for his death threats? An employee threatened to blow everyone away at our store, our employer did NOT fire him.  Is there an employer law that says they should have immediately fired him?  Live and work in Missouri.	Employment Questions	Missouri
What do I do if I was bumped into a car with no damages but they still want to sue me? I was driving & the car in of me stop abruptly & bumped it a little but no car damages. But the people in the front driving want to sue me. What do I do?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Can salary be lowered because of doctor&#39;s app. or holiday? Can salary be lowered because of doctor's app. or holiday? If it can why isn't overtime used if over?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What can I do if the father is not helping me with the baby when he&#39;s in the military? I have a daughter that's a year and 7 months and her dad is in the military and not helping me with the baby. What can I do?	Family Questions	Illinois
Help with divorce? Help with divorce?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
Can you Place an ad saying that you were with a former company and have opened up a new firm? can you place an ad in the newspaper saying that you were with a former company and have opened up a new firm?	Consumer Questions	California
Can I file a lawsuit against someone in another country via their embassy in USA? Can I file a lawsuit against someone in another country via their embassy in USA?This would be a lawsuit against a Notary in Europe, who did thingsagainst my express instructions causing double taxation, in violation of anInternational Treaty, told me he was doing the right thing when indeed he was not and who then, withdrew money from my account without my consentor authorization.  I live in Florida, can I file alawsuit in the US and serve him via their Embassy or Consulate in NY or DC?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Are non-compete agreements honored if the employer keeps limiting your sales commission? Are non-compete agreements honored in Florida if the employer keeps limiting your sales commission so that he keeps the profits and you keep making less, limiting your earning potential?	Employment Questions	Florida
If I have a suspension in NY but I have a valid license from FL, can I renew my license in another state? If I have a registration suspension in New York but I have a valid license from Florida, can I renew my license in another state, such as Pennsylvania?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
True that my landlord is not responsible for putting up a rail when a baby fell two stories? My 19 mo friends baby fell from their 2nd story balcony thru the screens. He has suffered minor injury thank god. However the problem still is there. The landlord states he is not responsible for making it safe such as putting up a railing. Is this true? They live on Redington Beach FL, in Pinellas county.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Am I within my legal rights to go get my son for my weekend if my ex will not respond? I have full visitation rights for my 4 year old son. My ex has not let me see him since fathers day. It is my weekend for visitation and she has gone out of state and left him with his sister. We live in Oklahoma am I within my legal rights to go get him for my weekend? My ex will not respond.	Family Questions	Oklahoma
Can an employer work their employees 7 days a week 10 hour days in Minnesota? Can an employer work their employees 7 days a week 10 hr days in Minnesota?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
If it is a LAW can there be exceptions for a certain law in the state of Florida? If it is a LAW can there be exceptions for a certain law in the state of Florida?	Criminal Questions	Florida
In NC what do I need for an alienation of affection case? In NC what do I need for an alienation of affection case?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Question regarding a fire and firing the adjuster? We had a fire on January 12, 2011.  The insurance company was Allstate.  We hired a private adjuster for the contents and for repair of the house.  The adjuster for the contents settled with Allstate and we were paid.  The adjuster for the house on the other hand has not settled and we can not get in touch with him.  We sent a letter RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED asking for a meeting.  The letter was received but no meeting has been scheduled.  Can we fire him and get another adjuster?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How long does landlord have to give you written notice of a unrefunded deposit? How long does landlord have to give you written notice of a unrefunded deposit in the state of Illinois? And what happens if they don't send it in that period of time?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Do I have a certain number of days for &quot;buyers remorse? I bought a living room set from Ashley yesterday, they had me sign a form that I cant cancel. Today I find the same set for 1000.00 cheaper. They haven't ordered it yet because they are waiting on me to tell them when because I'm waiting on my home loan to close. Do I have a certain number of days for "buyers remorse?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
How should I go about getting divorced from my husband who is currently deported? How should I go about getting divorced from my husband who is currently in Mexico because he was deported? We have two children together! I also want to know what can be done about the mobile home I live in with my kids. I am paying it off in cash monthly from a friend and have no sort of agreement signed and my husband is threatening to take it from me! I need help and don't know where to go because I have no money for a lawyer!!	Family Questions	Missouri
How are dividend payments from public stocks taxed in LLC? How are dividend payments from public stocks taxed in an LLC? Can you use business expenses to offset income from public stock dividends in an LLC?	Corporate Questions,Tax Questions	Virginia
Can my kids father sign his rights over to the state without my consent? Can my kids father sign his rights over to the state without my consent? will he still have to pay child support?	Family Questions	Florida
What are the rules and regulations regarding the deposit return in FL? what are the rules and regulations regarding the deposit return in FL? I moved out of my apartment 18 days ago and i have not received any certified letters in the mail regarding my deposit. My landlord is not returning my money and I don't know what to do.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I just walk and get my deposit back because the seller didn&#39;t keep the promise? I purchased a property about a month ago. When we came to the agreement, I requested a visit to the property before closing to measure and estimate the jobs I plan to do. So the jobs can be started right after the settlement. The sale agent said "yes". After I gave my second deposit, I asked for a few time slots for the visit. After few phone calls, the sale agent never answered until 4 days prior to the settlement, and said the seller refused my request. Can I just walk and get my deposit back because the seller didn't keep the promise? All the excitement has been destroyed by the seller side's avoiding responses at the beginning and breaking the promise few days before closing day; and my whole moving plan has been messed up.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can you be fired after letter of resignation rejected? Can a job reject a letter of resignation then tell you you're fired?	Employment Questions	Texas
Can I get fired for making statement for former employee&#39;s unemployment hearing? Can I get fired for making a statement for a former employee's unemployment hearing?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
Does sole ownership of home go to surviving spouse if owned by both? In West Virginia, if husband and wife own a home and one of them dies, does sole ownership of home go to the other spouse?  If the surviving spouse sells the house, can the deceased spouse have a will that states half of proceeds go to their family without consent of the surviving spouse?	Family Questions,Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	West Virginia
Question regarding child support on my children for 12 years? I have paid child support on my children for 12 years. My youngest just graduated high school in May. None of the kids are in college nor do they plan to attend college. How do I get my child support stopped.  Also none of the kids live with my ex.  He just told my daughter that she had to get out two months ago.	Family Questions	Missouri
Should I make payments I can afford or wait for them to take me to court for a judge to see that I can truly not make payments they are asking? I have student loans that went into debt collection $30,000. I recently started a new job and thought I could make payments towards them and the amount is still not feasible. Should I make payments I can afford or wait for them to take me to court for a judge to see that I can truly not make payments they are asking? If they garnished my check how much can they garnish?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Can you still get unemployment if you yet to be convicted of a crime? Can you still get unemployment if you yet to be convicted of a crime?	Employment Questions	Virginia
In the state of Tennessee, What are the proper steps to evict a tenant? How long does it take?	Real Estate Questions	Tennessee
Cases where FL district court allowed new evidence in unemployment benefit appeal. I need to cite a case or two where a Florida district court, in reviewing unemployment benefits appeals, looked beyond only the decision of the Unemployment Appeals Commission and allowed new evidence. In this case the company rescinded its challenge to my benefits after the phone hearing. Thank you	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Florida
Can I file for reimbursement of travel expenses that have because the bus refuses to pick me up? I have been denied bus service by the local public transit. I petitioned the local court for an order to ride the bus to get legal information and prepare documents in a case related to this refusal. It was denied. Can I file for restitution or reimbursement of travel expenses that have because the bus refuses to pick me up?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Is there statue of limitations on will settlement in Washington state? Is there a statue of limitations on the settlement of a will in the State Of Washington?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
What are my obligations regarding debts incurred by my late wife before we were married? What are my obligations regarding debts incurred by my late wife before we were married?	Consumer Questions	California
Which law allows employers to request child&#39;s birth certificate for health insurance? I have been asked by my employer to provide a birth certificate for my child in order to have health insurance. This has never been asked before in any job I have been to. I want to know by law can they request this information?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Are DOC inmates allowed to be house with un-convicted parish prisoners? In Louisiana , are DOC inmates allowed to be house with un-convicted parish prisoners?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
Can agriculture lender force you to sign papers not in your best interest? Are there any laws against your agriculture lender, forcing you to sign papers that's not in your best interest, and using your own equipment to benefit his own business?	Finance Questions	Georgia
Question regarding transfer of legal guardianship? I am an adult and my mother has legal guardianship over me but I want it transferred because she is lying to me and treating me very bad.	Family Questions	Utah
Can you apply for a medical card in your maiden name in the state of Ohio and give your baby your maiden name also while you have a social secuity card in your married name?	Administrative Law Questions	Ohio
Do I appear for debt summons if I don&#39;t contest? I received a summons for a debt.  Do I have to appear for this if I don't contest it?	Litigation Law Questions	Missouri
If my son was in a car accident and the settlement over extends the medical bills, will the remaining money go to an investment when he reaches 18? My 8 year old son and I were involved in a head on collision. It was completely the other driver's fault. My son suffered a broken leg on the growth plate and I had several smaller injuries. I hired an attorney to file lawsuit, but the paralegal is telling us that we most likely will not be able to access the settlement money except to pay medical bills, which our medical insurance covered a huge portion of. She said the remaining money will go into an investment for our son when he reaches 18 or 19 or even 21. Is this true??	Personal Injury Questions	Arkansas
Is it okay to work 7 days a week averaging 70 plus hours? Is it okay to work 7 days a week averaging 70 plus hours?	Employment Questions	Nevada
what are my rights when there is a shared custody? what are my rights when there is a shared custody?	Family Questions	California
What is the law on paid holidays? What is the law on paid holidays?	Employment Questions	Michigan
If my ex changed all bills into his name, am I responsible for the late payment for the electric? My ex filed on March 16th. He took house and changed all bills into his name. The last bill I payed was on March 22nd. From April there is a late payment to the electric company, am I responsible for that payment?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Against the law in the state of PA to take a minor child&#39;s DNA without the consent of the legal guardian? Is it against the law in the state of pa. to take a minor child's DNA without the consent of the legal guardian ?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How long can a debtor keep trying to sue you? How long can a debtor keep trying to sue you? One of my bills is 14 yrs old & the other is 18 yrs old.	Consumer Questions	Indiana
If I am salary, what is the minimum wage I can earn? If I am salary, what is the minimum wage I can earn?  My employer is paying me $11 per hour on salary.  Am I entitled for more if I am salary?	Employment Questions	California
Can my landlord make me move out because he is trying to sell the house and I am still paying rent? Can my landlord make me move out because he is trying to sell the house and I am still paying rent and he owes me $500 for deposit and $300 that I went half for the refrigerator?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What is the limited period of time for a person with permanent residency to stay in another country and still be able to re-enter the United States? What is the limited period of time for a person with permanent residency to stay in another country and still be able to re-enter the United States?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How do I go about filing a lawsuit against the county I live in? How do I go about filing a lawsuit against the county I live in?	Personal Injury Questions	Utah
Can my ex legally sue me for the bike I bought under her credit while I paid most of it? I bought a motorcycle under my girlfriend's credit. I paid the bike off and she signed abill of sale documentfor the bike over to me. I have most of the receipts for the payment I made on the loan to her bank and to moneygram. Now she's trying to sue me for the bike back, including her lawyer fees. Can she legally do this?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Does the deed have to transfer to beneficiaries first before we can transfer to the bank? My Mom passed away this past December. All she had left was her home . The home is mortgaged ( reverse) owing more than what is owed. The bank is willing to have the deed transferred to them as total payment. There is a declaration of trust in place naming my Mom as trustee to her property. I being named as successor trustee upon her death. And along with me there are 2 more beneficiaries. Does the deed have to transfer to beneficiaries first before we can transfer to the bank? How do I go about all this. Living in the state of Florida.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Do I have to give my friend her rent money back after I caught her stealing and told her to be evicted? My friend moved in with me on Sept. 1st. 2012. We had an agreement that she would pay 280 for rent, half the DTE bill, and half the cable. So she gave me $350 on August 31st 2012. We had an agreement not to use each others stuff unless we got permission. Well, some of my stuff came up missing and then I found my make-up in her make-up bag on October 5th, 2012. I didn't feel comfortable with her being there so I told her she had until October 1st to find somewhere else. She walked off mad. She came back and said she is moving out that day on October 5th. Now she is demanding her money back so she can pay her new rent. Do I have to give her the money?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Who gets full custody of the kids if my husband and I are considering separation? Who gets full custody of the kids if my husband and I are considering separation?	Family Questions	Virginia
What to do if my ex will be retiring &amp; wants me to sign paper letting go of my rights to his retirement fund? My ex-husband will be retiring soon as a city planner  and wants me to sign paper letting go of my rights to his retirement fund?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What are my rights as a consumer when my windows are under warranty, but they no longer carry the style? What are my rights as a consumer when my windows are under warranty, but they no longer carry the style (Prism)?  I will be paying the labor to install the new windows that have leaked; dual pane.	Consumer Questions	California
If I leave a temp to hire temporary assignment can I collect unemployment benefits? If I leave a temp to hire temporary assignment can I collect unemployment benefits?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
If I&#39;m getting remarried,  will I own new wife&#39;s debt? If I'm getting remarried,  will I own new wife's debt?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I have a simple battery charge on my record, is it anyway I can get it off? If I have a simple battery charge on my record, is it anyway I can get it off?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can I have my child support cancelled in Florida if my Daughter&#39;s Mother is moving her to Wyoming? Can I have my child support cancelled in Florida if my Daughter's Mother is moving her to Wyoming?	Family Questions	Florida
Necessary for a landlord when retaining a large part of the security deposit to provide evidence of damage? Is it necessary for a landlord when retaining a large part of the security deposit to provide evidence of damage, billing and proof of repair?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What do we have to do if my boyfriend wants to sign way his rights for a child he never wanted? my boyfriend wants to sign way his rights for a child he never wanted. What do we have to do?	Family Questions	New York
Is it illegal if I run away and I am 17 and live in OR? I am 17 and live in Oregon. Is it illegal if I run away?	Family Questions	Oregon
Would I need to have a banking POA if my wife dies in order to make financial transactions? My wife is has an illness.  We have been married for eight years and own everything jointly, including our house and cars.  All our children are adults, some are hers from a previous marriage, some are mine from a previous marriage.  She feels that she needs to change hwe will to say that everything goes to me, her husband.  She also wants me to have a general andfinancial power of attorney.She wants to understand if she dies do I need to have her power of attorney in order to sell the house. If she is not dead do I need to have her power of attorney in order to sell the house?Would I need to have a banking power of attorney in the event that she dies in order to make financial transactions, such as selling our house or cars?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Question working for a Podiatrist as a receptionist in a hostile environment? I currently work for a Podiatrist as a receptionist.The medical assistant/office manager has been making my work life an awful and very stressful experience.She finds things to yell at me for, like she is trying to break me/make me quit.She also waits until the Doctor leaves and we're alone to yell, and slam doors.While he is there she snaps at me and tosses/throws down papers/files in front of me.I am nothing but kind to her and the doctor is informed of the situation.He has said that I must stick it out and I may yell back to put her in her place, he doesn't like confrontation and has done nothing else. Does this constitute a hostile working environment? Is there something I can do to take care of my situation without leaving?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Does having an 18+ age warning on an internet radio show make any difference as to the host&#39;s liability? Does having an 18+ age warning on an internet radio show make any difference legally as to the host's liability, criminal or otherwise?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
Can an employee deny the use of medical equipment such canes and leg braces? Can an employee deny the use of medical equipment such canes and leg braces?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If I&#39;m 15 and I&#39;m in a home where I&#39;m verbally abused, how can i go live in another state with my mother? If I'm 15 and I'm in a home where I'm verbally abused, how can i go live in another state with my mother?	Family Questions	Florida
Do I have to wait to file for divorce if we did not file separation papers? My husband and I have been separated for 6 months in Virginia. We have no minor children but I did not file separation papers. Do I have to wait to file for divorce?	Family Questions	Virginia
What can I do if my ex wants money but won&#39;t let me see my daughter? The girl I was with did not let me sign the birth certificate of my child and now we are no longer together. But she wants money and won't let me see my daughter. What can I do?	Family Questions	Illinois
If I have a work comp hearing coming &amp; I already got tickets to go out country, can a lawyer represent me? I have a work comp hearing coming and I already got tickets to go out country, can a lawyer represent me or do I need to be present? Can I change the day?	Employment Questions	California
Can domain administrator be fired for reading user email? As domain administrator, can I get fired for reading a user's email? When they get email here is privacy policy. "Please be aware that when you use email, your domain administrator will have access to your account information, including your email."	Employment Questions	Maryland
Can I legally force my neighbor to install the barrier? I have just purchased a house and the neighbor behind me has a large grove of bamboo that has creeped into my yard. I know that it is nearly impossible to kill and can only be dug out. It is quite expensive and still will have the problem of it creeping back again. A barrier can be placed around the fence but that is extensive labor and costly as well. Can I legally force him to install the barrier?	Real Estate Questions	California
If my landlord refused to fix a problem that is causing me money each month, can I break the lease and move out? If my landlord refused to fix a problem that is causing me money each month, can I break the lease and move out?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What should I do if my mother has been dead for 2 years &amp; I have never received a statement of finance? My mother has been dead for two years now and I have never received a statement of finance. What should I do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Utah
What can my friend do to retrieve her items from her mother who threw her out? My friend was thrown out of the house but her mother won't let her have her belongings. Her mother took her car, cell phone, and made her leave all of her clothing.  We have tried to go to the house and ask to get her things but they refused to let her inside.  What can my friend do?	Family Questions	Florida
Quick will for my husband and I before we travel? I need to do a quick will for my husband and I before we travel.  We have three adult children and own a home.  What is the best thing to do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What are the civil rights and employment rights in VA? What are the civil rights and employment rights in VA?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Can they file abandonment charges if the 5-day notice hasn&#39;t ended yet? I have a small Private Home Care Agency in Santa Fe NM. I provide home care services to an individual who is bed bound. On Friday, June 15, 2012 I had a conversation w/ client and we both agreed that we were going to end the agreement (contract) signed on May 31, 2012. Contract states that either party must give 5 days prior notice to ending Agreement. I gave client a written 5-day notice stating my last day of services would be on Wed. June 20, 2012. Today Tuesday, June 19, 2012, the client and her consultant stated to me they were going to file Abandonment charges on myself. Can they do this?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New Mexico
If I move before divorce is final can my husband get me for abandonment on our home? I want to get a divorce and want to know if I move before divorce is final can my husband get me for abandonment on our home etc? Also if I decide to move from Colorado to Texas would I be able to file a divorce on him from Texas?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Legal for an employee to lie about a manager being present when I attempted to turn in an application? Is it legal for an employee at a fast food restaurant to lie to me about a manager being present when I attempted to turn in an application so their friend could get the job?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
What is the easiest, cheapest, and quickest way to receive emergency custody? My son is almost 4 years old. his father just recently moved out of the state 8 hours away. We were together for over three years and during those three years he proved to me unstable as a single parent to have any sort of custody. He is threatening over the internet to take my son for good from me. I am worried. My son goes to his grandmothers house every other weekend since he moved out of state. The grandmother's house is his father's mother and I am scared because we have no custody papers what so ever that he is going to come and take my child while hes over there. What is the easiest, cheapest, and quickest way to receive emergency custody?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How can I get a divorce? How can I get a divorce?	Family Questions	Georgia
How long does a tenant have to remove their belongings if they signed another lease in IL? How long does a tenant have to remove their belongings if they signed another lease in IL?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can my spouse get full custody of the twins if he isn&#39;t the father but signed the birth certificate? my spouse is not the father of our twin sons. he did sign the birth cert. Now he wants out of our 9 year marriage. Can he get full custody of the twins? is he obligated to pay child support because he claimed the boys as his own	Family Questions	North Carolina
Question regarding a child choosing which parent they want to live with? I am the legal custodial parent of my 15-year-old son who has just suddenly decided he wants to go live with his father. I do not think it is in his best interest for a variety of reasons.  Both my son and his father say that he has the right to decide on his own who he lives with. We all live in Alabama. I have not been able to find anything in AL law stating the child can simply choose and that is that. Can you please help us clear this up?Thanks,Kelly	Family Questions	Alabama
If you get fired and find a job that pays low do I still pay the same amount that child support gave me? If you get fired and find a job that pays low do I still pay the same amount that child support gave me? I cant pay 1,200 i make 800. But the judge tell me it got to stay the same because i lost my job that was pay 1200. Can he do that? I make lase money.	Family Questions	New York
If I voluntarily surrender the unit before the court date, could the judge still issue an eviction order? I live in the state of GA. I am scheduled for court date to be evicted from my apartment. If I voluntarily surrender the unit before the court date, could the judge still issue an eviction order? I am trying to avoid an eviction on my credit.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What does &quot;NOTICE RETURNED SERVED&quot; mean in Pinellas County, Florida?	Legal Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Florida
Does your car insurance go up when your child turns 15? Does your car insurance go up when your child turns 15?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Violation of my girlfriend&#39;s DUI probation to ride in a vehicle with me while i have a concealed handgun? I live in the state of Oregon and I have a Permit to carry a concealed handgun. My girlfriend recently got a DUI and is on probation stating that she cannot possess any firearm, weapon, or dangerous animal. My question is: Is it a violation of her probation to ride in a vehicle with me or be in our residence while i have a concealed handgun on my person?	Criminal Questions	Oregon
If I work for a small state college, is comp time suppose to be paid out at time and a half? I work for a small state college in Virginia. I am one of the campus police officers. Recently I contacted our HR department to see what my pay out would be as I am getting ready to move out of state. I was told that my built up comp time is paid at straight time. I thought comp time was suppose to be paid out at time and a half?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Mother keeps child from father because they shared room. My daughter is being kept from me because we share a room together and the financial situation. She has her own bed and was very happy being here. She shares a room at her mother's with her mothers BF's little boy. What can I do? I live in Florida.	Family Questions	Florida
child support if I over paid on child support for several years, will I get reimbursed or will courts just recalculated and make a recommendation and modify support to amount it should be and leave at that and not be reimbursed from prior years I over paid?	Family Questions	Michigan
Question regarding a new place that has a lot of problems after moving in? We needed a new fridge and the first one they brought us didn't have shelves or drawers in it for 4 weeks before they brought us a different fridge. Then the light in the bedroom hasn't worked since the week after we moved in (07/10/2012) and that's still not fixed. The back door doesn't lock. When it rains the roof leaks and the water runs through the walls and into the floor. All the floors smell like mold and where the fridge sits is starting to bow in. We've tried cleaning the carpets multiple times and can't get the smell out and there is mold on the bathroom ceiling. What can I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Carolina
Any other alternatives if small claims court is my only option for recovering the cost of having a carpenter fix? I have discovered an apparent latent defect in my Arizona home built 6-7 years ago. A stud for framing an exterior door was not installed, and the exterior trim has very little to be nailed to except the door frame.  The trim is warping and pulling away from the door, revealing the insulation installed in the wall adjacent to the door.  I've been told that small claims court is my only option for recovering the cost of having a carpenter fix the problem.  Any other alternatives?  Suggestions?  Thank you.	Personal Injury Questions	Arizona
How do I remove a felony from my record that is under first offenders and is 7 years old? How do I remove a felony from my record that is under first offenders and is 7 years old? Sale of controlled substance. It is keeping me from getting a job. I did violate by not paying fine but I am all paid up and off probation and it still appears. I did 3 months for that violation of probation.	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Would I still have to pay child support if I signed over my parental rights? Would I still have to pay child support if I signed over my parental rights?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can I sue a car dealership for selling me a used, damaged car even if I didn&#39;t get a car-fax? Can I sue a car dealership for selling me a used, damaged car even if I didn't get a car-fax?	Consumer Questions	Idaho
Can I go to jail for slapping my 16-year-old son? I live in California State. Can I go to jail for slapping my 16-year-old son? I have no criminal record or any abuse at all.	Family Questions	California
What form of incorporation will best serve a business for online digital services with social network? What form ofincorporationwill best serve a business for online digital services with social and mlm network platform mediums?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Minnesota
In a community property state, does a wife have legal rights to husband&#39;s bank account? In a community property state, does a wife have legal rights to husband's bank account?	Family Questions	Idaho
Anything I can do to avoid paying if I was charged for two classes I did not attend due to lack of financial aid? I was charged for two courses at a local college for classes I did not attend due to the fact there was no financial aid available.  They are charging since I did not drop the classes.  Is there anything I can do to avoid paying?	Consumer Questions	Minnesota
Do I have any legal right if my sisters want to sell the land? I have lived on my parents land next to them in a different house since 1987. My father has passed and my mother is now in an assisted care facility. My sisters want to sell the land, Do I have any legal right to it?     Virginia	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Any rights if I have been convicted of a crime multiple times that was proven I never committed? Do I have any rights if I have been convicted of a crime multiple times that was now proven I never committed?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Collect back child support prior to my divorce if I have an existing child support order &amp; my divorce is final? I have an existing child support order and my divorce is final. Can I collect back child support prior to my divorce?	Family Questions	Missouri
Question regarding a renter that has contents insurance while the owner has homeowners insurance? A homeowner is transferred and rents his house. The renter has contents insurance, and the owner has homeowners insurance. The renter is cooking dinner on a "table top" grill that is setting on the deck. About 6 hours later the deck is on fire and does about 15k damages to house and deck. The insurance company pays the owner for the loss and now the are subjugating the renter for their loss. Can they win this case? Or are they bluffing?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Question regarding Spouse dies and mortgage not in my name? Spouse dies and mortgage not in my name. I was late 2 months on the payments which I have sent to them.  It was sent back. The check now wants to do a foreclosure. The only person I can talk to is in India and does not speak good English and does not return my calls. Note this is Missouri.	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Are underglow LED lights legal in Oklahoma? Are underglow LED lights legal in Oklahoma?	Consumer Questions	Oklahoma
If mom received child support but discovered child did not continue education should she have to pay back? If mom received child support in Missouri but later discovered child did not continue education should she have to payback child support?	Family Questions	Florida
If I I stole something when I was 15, do I need to state that in my gun permit application or not? I stole something when I was 15 and I was wonder if I need to state that in my gun permit application or not? Has it been expunged without me doing anything. Also do I need a license to fertilizes peoples yards. Thanks	Criminal Questions	Indiana
What should they do if the people left the scene of an accident cause they were scared? There was an auto accident and the person left the scene of the accident because they were scared.  What should they do?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Question regarding as a UPS driver that has been out on disability since March 2007? I am a UPS driver that has been out on disability since March 2007.  My disability is up next month and have been told by my doctors that I can't return to work as a driver.  I Am still on the roster at UPS. What usually happens next?	Employment Questions	South Carolina
Can a parent sign over their rights if they got an order to pay child support for a child they never get to see? Can a parent sign over their rights if they got a court order to pay child support for a child that they don't ever get to see or talk to the child and can it be dropped if they money is not being used on the child on the order? If so, will the child support be dropped too?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Question regarding salary hours as a roustabout on oil rigs? I work as a roustabout on oil rigs in Pennsylvania. My employer has me on a salary of $550 per week. We work upwards of 60 hour work weeks yet only reach overtime pay when we exceed 53 hours a week. I want to know why they base their hours on that odd number instead of the regular 40?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
Is it legal for companies to take money from your account without notice or personal authorization? Is it legal for companies to take money from your account without notice or personal authorization?  It was someone else's bill.  I just use my card one time to pay the bill for them.	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
How long does it take for a bank to foreclose on a modular home in the state of Michigan? How long does it take for a bank to foreclose on a modular home in the state of Michigan?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
If I want to rent my property and it has swimming pool what should I do with my lease agreement about pool? If I want to rent my property and it has swimming pool what should I do with my lease agreement about pool?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
How do you go about taking away an estranged father&#39;s rights when the mother has been the provider? How do you go about taking away a father's parental rights when the mother has been the sole provider and the father has been unreachable for almost 10 years?	Family Questions	Colorado
Question regarding adoption from mother&#39;s second husband and property from my estranged father? I was adopted by my Mother's second husband when I was 8 years old. I just received a phone call from a woman in Florida who was doing an heir search. My biological Father passed away August 23, 2010, and there is a property in Florida that he owned. I was told that even though I am his biological daughter, my adoption voids me as an heir.There is no other family members.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I move out of the state without my ex&#39;s permission with my daughter? In the state of Colorado, I have been supporting my 1 year old daughter by myself since she was born. Her father hasn't seen her since she was born and has never provided any form of support. Can I move out of the state without his permission? I have no way of contracting him as it is.	Family Questions	Colorado
Am I able to sue someone if they didn&#39;t pay babysitting fees? Am I able to sue someone if they didn't pay babysitting fees?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If I have a 17-year-old that refuses to come home, What can I do to make her come home? I have a 17-year-old that refuses to come home. What can I do to make her come home?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Am I still obligated to pay the old landlord if he sold the property but still collecting? I've been renting my home for the last 3 years. I've recently found out that my landlord sold the property but is still collecting monthly rent. No new landlord has showed. Am I still obligated to pay the old landlord?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Does a non custodial parent have to pay support if the child is 18 and is not enrolled in school? In the state of Indiana does a non custodial parent have to pay support if the child is 18 and is not enrolled in school?	Family Questions	Indiana
Legal if I have a handicapped placket but my employer is making me park four blocks from my building? I have a handicapped placket because of health reasons and my employer is making me park four blocks from my building is this legal? There is a shuttle but it drops off two blocks away.	Employment Questions	Florida
How much time am I allowed after my father&#39;s death to open his estate? I am wondering how much time I am allowed after my father's death to open his estate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
If I&#39;m putting in a notice of resignation, can I be demoted/receive pay reduction? If I'm putting in a notice of resignation, can I be demoted/receive pay reduction?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How can I find the right attorney to seek for my situation? I'm not sure which type of an attorney to seek for my situation. How can I find out?	Family Questions	Indiana
Question regarding unemployment benefits and paying them back? I was fired and received unemployment benefits  (over $2000.00.) I drew for three months.  The union got my job back .  I was rehired and kept my seniority but they said they would not pay back pay.  I said okay because i had received unemployment.  Now they want me to pay back the unemployment benefit, plus a $500.00 interest.  The amount of $2635.20 including interest.  I was without work for three months.  Why do I have to pay it back?	Employment Questions	Virginia
In Ohio Up to what age do you have to pay child support? In Ohio Up to what age do you have to pay child support? Normal healthy kids or another disabilities involved or anything like that?	Family Questions	Ohio
If my ex-mother-in-law has a POA for my child &amp; I want to move her away, is it legal? If my soon to be ex-mother-in-law has a power of attorney for my child & I want to move her from there with her to Houston with my family, is it legal to do so?	Family Questions	Virginia
What do I do if my landlord asked me to leave because of my cats? My landlord ask me to leave my house because she doesn't want a cats. I have 2 cats & now I want to leave and she said that that was passed and If I leave I'm responsible for 3 months. What to do?	Leasing Questions	Florida
If my ex husband is behind on maintenance to me, How can I collect on all back pay? If my ex husband is behind on maintenance to me, How can I collect on all back pay?	Family Questions	Missouri
Do I have a case against the horse&#39;s former owner? I was given a horse about a year and a half ago for free. I remember her stating that if I get him that she could come here and ride once in awhile. She says that she told me that she would get him back if I couldn't keep him (which I do not remember this being brought up), I had to place him about a month ago due to my health and financial situation. I had contacted her husband before doing so to see if they knew anyone that might want him. Any how, now she is having a fit saying that if I do not get her horse and tack back to her then I was going to owe her $3500.00 for it all. Is there a case here? What can I do? She is telling me this is not over by a long shot. I do not want to be bothered on a daily basis and I can NOT get the horse back.	Consumer Questions	New York
Need help on used car return policy? Need help on used car return policy?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
What is a petition for designation of e-mail address? What is a petition for designation of e-mail address?	Family Questions	Florida
How long does it to take for unemployment appear broad? How long does it to take for unemployment appear broad?	Employment Questions	New York
Do I have to give my landlord my security code to enter my rental house? In Arkansas, do I have to give my landlord my security code to enter my rental house? I have not changed the locks, but they said they tried to call and entered it anyway. My alarm went off for hours. They came by today and asked for my new code. Did I have to give it to them?	Real Estate Questions	Arkansas
What should my son do if he has a court appearance and won&#39;t make it cause he&#39;s incarcerated? My son has a court appearance in Indiana and will not be able to make it because he is incarcerated in another state.  What should he do?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Question involving car accident during heavy traffic? You were involved in a car accident during heavy traffic, and tried to stop in place but heavy moving traffic forbade you from reaching pulling over close to the other car for information exchange. You pulled over a block or two away and walked to find the car but couldn't find it and so you left. What can you do to find out if the police report has been issued and they are looking for you? And if police was called what should be the next step in finding out if your car has been identified and are looking for you? Should you go in person in the precinct and ask for information?	Criminal Questions	New York
Question regarding identity theft? I'm a victim of identity theft. The person using my credit card has spent over $14.000.00. The collection agency wants me to pay this amount.I have provided them with police reports. They insist I'm responsible.	Consumer Questions	California
If our property is a gift deed life estate and we get divorced can i get paid half the value of the house? if our property is a gift deed life estate and we get divorced can i get paid half the value of the house and property	Wills and Trusts Questions	Hawaii
Question about selling our late mother&#39;s house and get our equity from the sale? my mother passed away in 2001 and me and my sister were named in her will as owning 1/2 of her home. Her husband was given life estate to live in the home as long as he kept up the home and it was his PRIMARY residence. He has been in an assisted living home for 11 months. We would like to sell the house and get our equity from the sale. We do not have a good relationship with our mother's husband and he does not want to sell the house. He says he visits the house occasionally and does want to make a full commitment to the assisted living home. He is 85 years old and we live in New York state. What are our legal rights and what are our chances if we retain a lawyers and go to court?thanks, Kathy	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How do I locate information regarding a lawsuit filed on behalf of Claudia E. Sage in Fullerton, CA court? How do I locate information regarding a lawsuit filed on behalf of Claudia E. Sage in Fullerton, CA court?	Real Estate Questions	Arizona
Should I call my lawyer and ask for a continuance if I have a court &amp; don&#39;t have a way to get there? I have court on Tuesday and don't have a way to get there. Should I call my lawyer and ask for a continuance?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Can a landlord file an eviction notice with a lease that is not signed by the tenant? Can a landlord file aeviction notice formwith a lease that is not signed by the tenant?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a new landlord raise the rent $100.00 in one month on an elderly 79-year-old person? Can a new landlord raise the rent $100.00 in one month on an elderly 79-year-old person?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
Can a VA education (housing allowance) be garnished for child support in the state of Pennsylvania? Can a VA education (housing allowance) be garnished for child support in the state of Pennsylvania?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If my husband has been released to a halfway house &amp; he just got a job why haven&#39;t I receive any funds? If my husband has been released from jail to a halfway house & he just got a job why haven't I receive any funds in my card?	Employment Questions	New York
Possible if you write a will &amp; leave a vehicle to someone &amp; decide you want to give it to someone else? if you write a will and leave a vehicle to someone and then decide you want to give it to someone else before you die, can you do that in Texas?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
In NY, how old does a child have to be to decide what parent they want to live with? In NY, how old does a child have to be to decide what parent they want to live with?	Family Questions	New York
How much would I have to pay if I just found out I have a 15-year-old daughter? I just found out I have a 15-year-old daughter and now the mom wants child support. Would you know how much I would have to pay?	Family Questions	Colorado
What to do if my ex-boyfriend is trying to get custody of my children which he is not the father? My ex-boyfriend is trying to get custody of my children which he is not the father of either one. What would I do?	Family Questions	Nevada
If I&#39;m 16 and i want to marry a 30-year-old in Florida, can I do it without my moms consent? If I'm 16 and i want to marry a 30-year-old in Florida, can I do it without my moms consent?  And how do i do it?	Family Questions	Florida
What rights do I have if a lender never served me notice and proceeds with a trustee sale? What rights do I have if a lender never served me notice and proceeds with a trustee sale?	Real Estate Questions	Arizona
Question regarding father of my one-year-old child suing me for fraud? The father of my one year old child is going to sue me for fraud. Since I found out I was pregnant, there were doubts and he knew this. He took the responsibility without a DNA test. He has admitted to myself and my roommate on different occasions that he took a DNA test and it came out negative. The other guy found me and has seen pictures of the child and now wants to be a part of his life and get a DNA test done. The father apparently has witnesses and documents of me speaking to so-called friend's about this issue and now has told my roommate he will be suing me for fraud because he pays child support. Obviously I know I need a lawyer but cannot afford one. Am I looking at jail time?	Family Questions	Florida
Is it legal if the car dealership is making me sign another contract if they haven&#39;t found my bank? I bought 2 cars at a dealership and signed an Agreement for the payments and interest amount. I left with the cars and 5 days later was called and told that they couldn't find a bank to finance and tried to make me resign another contract with a 2 and 1/2 point interest rate increase. I have not signed the contract and they are saying if I  don't sign it they will take the vehicles. Is this legal?	Consumer Questions	California
If you only paid half of the child support, how long before a judgement of non payment is reported? If you only paid half of the child support for the month of August, How long do you have to pay the rest before a judgement of non payment is reported?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Is there anything I can do to get my deposit back? On August 21, I told my Landlord that I would need to break our lease as of October 1st. He verbally told us, when signing the lease, that if we gave reasonable notice and found a replacement tenant, that he would be lenient in returning the $400 deposit. We did not have a replacement yet, but I told him we would continue to look. My landlord told us that we would have to vacate the property if HE found a new tenant, and only then we would get our deposit back. In less than 24 hours after I gave him the notice, he found a replacement tenant and gave us 3 days to get out. We cooperated. Now he is refusing to give us back our security deposit and the extra week of rent we paid. Is there anything I can do to get my deposit back?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Question regarding currently working under the table in a mobile home park? I currently work under the table in a mobile home park. I also live there. They told me I am being terminated on Friday and i have until then to move out. Can they legally kick me out?	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do if you&#39;re wrongfully demoted? What to do if you're wrongfully demoted?	Employment Questions	Mississippi
How do I get my license back after it was suspended for non-child support? My license was suspended for non-child support. I have a lot of medical problems and it is hard to find rides back and forth to my Doctor let alone look for work that I may or may bot be able to do. How do I get it back?	Family Questions	Maine
If a person who&#39;s 20 is caught drinking alcohol, is this offense a petty offense or a misdemeanor? If a person who is 20 years old is caught drinking alcohol, is this offense a petty offense or a misdemeanor? And what is the difference?	Employment Questions	Colorado
With installment loans for 12 months for $2600.00, would the lender get over $3400.00 in interest? With installment loans for 12 months for $2600.00, would the lender get over $3400.00 in interest?	Consumer Questions	California
How do I know if I am actually starting a double shift and should be getting paid 1.5 times wage pay? I just worked a 8hrs shift and about to go back to work with less then 7hrs off the clock. How do I know if I am actually starting a double shift and should be getting paid 1.5 times wage and possible Double pay?	Employment Questions	California
View the document required for community property agreement in association with making a will? Where can I view/print the document required for community property agreement in association with making a will (married couple needing to transfer 100% of property ownership rights spouse upon their own decease) ?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Washington
Possible if I&#39;m 19 years old and I am looking at trying to get my 13 year old brother for custody? I'm 19 years old and i am looking at trying to get my 13 year old brother for custody. Is this possible and what do i have to do?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can a payday loan come to your house to collect? Can a payday loan come to your house to collect?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Am I liable for alimony, even though we were married a short time before she left? I filed for a divorce, but it was dismissed by the other party. Am I liable for alimony, even though we were married a short time before she left?	Family Questions	Arkansas
Question of my ex refusing to sign off on the mortgage deed and car title bill of sale? I divorced in Jan./Nevada, and in the divorce decree I was supposed pay two accounts that were in my ex-husband's name solely, and he was supposed to sign his name off the mortgage deed and the car title.  He did not give these companies permission to speak with me about these accounts, and as a result I could not make payments from January 2012 until present, 9 months.  The account balances have gone up thousands of dollars because he did not make any payments.  I don't feel I should be responsible for late and collection fees.  I want to settle on the debt.  As a result, he is refusing to sign off on the mortgage deed and car title bill of sale.	Family Questions	Nevada
Can my husband buy a house without my consent? Can my husband buy a house without my consent? We have joint bank accounts. We own 2 houses. I want to sell one before buying another. 10 weeks ago I told him I wanted to live separately from him. No legal action has taken place and no legal separation.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question regarding my mother wanting me to homestead her home in my name? I live in Hillsborough County in FL. My mother lives in Putnam County Florida. My mother bought a new home recently and wants me to homestead her home in my name for some reason. Can I do that legally if I say I live there even though I rent in Hillsborough County. If I can do I have to change my driver's license? what other documents do I have to change if I can do this. If I can't do this legally what crime an I committing and what are the consequences. Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How do I get my 2010 paperwork from my CPA so I can do my tax return? How do I get my 2010 paper work from my CPA so I can do my tax return?	Tax Questions	Massachusetts
Question regarding a divorce and not waiting a year since my husband is deployed? My husband and I have decided to get a divorce.  He has been deployed for a year.  We don't want to wait the full year to get our divorce.  We have a 3-year-old daughter.  Since his return we have lived separately. Do we have to wait the year?  We have divided everything up.  The divorce is uncontested.	Family Questions	Louisiana
What is the jail sentence for child abuse recklessly cause harm in Wisconsin? What is the jail sentence for child abuse recklessly cause harm in Wisconsin?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
What is the law regarding copying older sheet music? Can I copy works dating back to a certain date and past? For instance, would it be breaking copyright laws to copy a piece of music from 1959 (renewed) for a quartet to practice and sing for a church program? None	Copyright Questions	Ohio
What to do if the father has taken the child and won&#39;t give her back and they&#39;re not divorced yet? What to do if the father has taken the child and won't give her back and they're not divorced yet?	Family Questions	Kentucky
How do I give up my parental rights to an unruly 17-year-old? I have a unruly 17-year-old that has done some criminal acts. I need to know how do I give up my parental rights so that she will be on her own?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can I break my lease and move if my landlord gave me a threat when I was helping my friend? My friend was getting evicted and she asked me to help her move. As i was helping her move the landlord come out and said if you don't stop I will evict you next week. I feel like it was a threat and my rent is paid. Can i break my lease and move?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Question regarding writing a non-fiction book based on interviews with several people? I am currently writing a non-fiction book based on interviews with several people. I obtain recorded verbal permission during the  recorded interviews to use their content in the book.  Do I also need to obtain written permission to use their interview/comments?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What legal action is there if I got an email about being paid for training but later on wasn&#39;t? I am currently working as a subcontractor for a work from home company. I was sent an email from the company that I would get paid training. But when the checks were disbursed the company that I am under has not paid me for it. I need to know what legal action i have against them?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
All blue placards look the same in each state, so all parking rules should be the same in each state, Right? While visiting Atlanta, GA we received a parking ticket for not paying a parking meter even though we displayed our disabled parking placard. In California if you have a valid disabled placard posted on your rear-view mirror you do not have to pay for metered parking. Correct me if I am wrong but all blue placards look the same in each state, so all parking rules should be the same in each state, Right?	Family Questions	California
Can an unwed mother move with her child out of the state of Colorado? Can an unwed mother move with her child out of the state of Colorado?	Family Questions	Colorado
What to do if my husband just sent me an email saying he cannot cope with the financial burdens? My husband just sent me an email saying he cannot cope with the financial  burdens anymore and wants a legal separation.	Family Questions	Colorado
Can my husband write full custody to the mother/mistress and not pay child support? My husband had an affair and his mistress is pregnant. We are trying to reconcile and want to make it work. Can he write full custody to the mother and not pay child support?	Family Questions	Utah
Can an employer face penalties for terminating an employee and giving her unsigned checks in CA? Can an employer face penalties and/or fines for terminating an employee and giving her unsigned checks in the State of California?	Employment Questions	California
What to do if my ex is keeping my daughter from me? My soon to be ex-husband is keeping my daughter from me without a good reason. I'm trying to see her but he won't let me. What should I do?	Family Questions	Florida
if the house I live in is sold how long do I have before I have to move. if the house I live in is sold how long do I have before I have to move.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Could you sue your job if they leave you at a work site and allow you to walk home and fire you? Could you sue your job if they leave you at a work site and allow you to walk home and after you file a complaint you get fire?	Employment Questions	Florida
What do I have to do if my home is in one state and I am in another state when I pass away? What do I have to do if my home is in one state and I am in another state when I pass away?	Wills and Trusts Questions	South Carolina
Can you go for a job interview when you are on medical leave from the same company? Can you go for a job interview when you are on medical leave from the same company?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can a rental lease be broken without paying  full term of the lease? In the state of Oregon, can a lease on a rental house be broken without paying the full term of the lease?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Would I have a case against the tax preparers? The tax preparer set up an account with the bank that was supposed to mail your state tax refund.  They used your state tax refund to pay the fees for your federal income tax refund. Would I have a case against the tax preparers?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can I go back to court and get a raise now even though I agreed to these terms? I went to court in March 2012 and agreed to keep my child support the same that its been for11 years. Also my son's father agreed to keep his son for 3days out of the week. Can I go back to court and get a raise now even thou I agreed to these terms?	Family Questions	Alabama
Does an employer have the right to harass you after hours? Does an employer have the right to harass you after hours?	Employment Questions	Florida
How do I dissolve an LLC in the state of Missouri? How do I dissolve an LLC in the state of Missouri?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Missouri
Can an insurance co. force you to install a fire suppression system on a auto body paint booth if it has been grandfathered in and not required by fire dept? Can an insurance co. force you to install a fire suppression system on a auto body paint booth if it has been grandfathered in and not required by fire dept?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
Does my ex-wife have the right not to drop off or pick up my child on the weekends? Does my ex-wife have the right not to drop off or pick up my child on the weekends? Also does my ex-wife have the write to claim my daughter on her taxes every if she doesn't work? She saws her husband can claim her.	Family Questions	Wisconsin
If my income is more than the legal guardian, who is responsible for the child&#39;s medical insurance? If my income is more than the legal guardian,  who is responsible for the child's medical insurance?   The other parent currently covers all medical insurance.	Family Questions	New York
Question regarding recently offered a loan? I was recently offered a loan. They sent a contract and asked that I pay collateral. I sent the collateral and they said it was not enough and that I needed to send a second payment of equal amount. I declined sending a second payment since I could not afford to. Therefore, I had to cancel the contract and I then requested a full refund. The contract stated that if the contract was broken, I would receive full refund in 30 business days, not including Fridays or weekends. Upon reaching the 31 day mark, I called and sent many emails asking about the status of my refund. Once I was finally connected to a 'Manager', he said that I would have to pay their 'finance department', a fee of $170 in order for them to give me my refund. Is this legal?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Missouri
What are the laws governing Lottery in the State of MO? What are the laws governing Lottery in the State of MO?  What is the punishment for running a personal lottery with the MO lottery numbers.	Criminal Questions	Missouri
How should I handle my case if I dialed 911 intoxicated and the charge is $165.57? I was drunk and stupidly dialed 911. The charge is $165.570. I was NOT thinking and of coarse regret my actions. How should I handle my case? Plead guilty or try to fight? It's in Washington County.	Criminal Questions	Oregon
Can I sue my doctor&#39;s office if a secretary is telling info on my personal visits to people? Can I sue my doctor's office if a secretary is telling info on my personal visits to people?	Privacy Questions	Wisconsin
How to file petition for expungement? I am looking for help to file a petition to get my felony expunging.	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if my upstairs neighbors are extremely noisy all day and night? I live in Florida and live in a downstairs apartment. My upstairs neighbors are extremely noisy all day and night. They sound like they are coming through my ceiling and it never stops before 4 or 5 am every morning. My pictures had to be removed from the walls because they fall down and break from the banging. I've complained non-stop to my landlord to no avail. I am desperate to find out what I can do.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What does it mean when it says wc- case sent to collections after a bench warrant has been issued? What does it mean when it sayes wc- case sent to collections after a bench warrant has been issued when you look up a case on court records. I am asking because I need to know. Thank you.	Criminal Questions	Oklahoma
If my grandchildren&#39;s parents should die would a notarized letter giving me custody hold up legally? If my grandchildren's parents should die would a notarized letter giving me custody hold up legally?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can I get alimony if we have an annual income of $40,000? I've been married 21 years. I want to divorce my husband. We have an annual income of 40,000. Can I get alimony? If so how much?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Can child support docket sheets be used in custody court to prove non custodial parent has lied? Can child support docket sheets be used in custody court to prove non custodial parent has lied?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If I am evicted in NYS and cannot remove all my personal property on time, what happens to it? If I am evicted in NYS and cannot remove all my personal property on time, what happens to it?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What is my likely outcome in my case for possession of a switchblade knife? What is my likely outcome in my case for possession of a switchblade knife? I got arrested and booked for it and now have a misdemeanor. It's my first offense.	Criminal Questions	California
Question regarding a lease for a month to month basis? I am on a month to month lease (I think!)Original is from 2006, new owners amended it in 2008. The duplexes are due to be demolished at an unspecified date. I assume there is no lease as the last document was signed in 2008. Nothing is specified in any document so, how much notice do I need to give to move out?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Law the same that if a parent does not contact the child within 6 months they lose all parental rights? Is the law in Oregon still the same that if a parent does not contact the child by phone in person or by letter within 6 months they lose all parental rights to that child	Family Questions	Oregon
At what age does a child have a legal right to decide where he wants to live? At what age does a child have a legal right to decide where he wants to live?	Family Questions	New York
How do I find out if my husband went back to Mexico? how do I find out if my husband went back to Mexico? or if he's even still alive?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Can my name be removed from a lease if I am working more than 150 miles from that address? Can my name be removed from a lease if I am working more that 150 miles from that address if I am not living there anymore?	Family Questions	Indiana
if both mother and father gave custody to me (the grandmother) can they take him back? if both mother and father gave custody to me the grandmother can they take him back?	Family Questions	Louisiana
How to define a live-in address if I rent an apartment in NY and live with my son? My working place is on other state where I filed an N-400. How to define a live-in address if I rent an apartment in NY and live with my son? My working place is on other state where I filed an N-400.	Immigration Questions	New York
Question regarding our FL condo with a board member elections? In our Florida Condo a board member is elected for a two year term and may serve for 3 consecutive terms (6 yrs). If a member was appointed to fill a 1 yr. vacancy and they ran for 3 consecutive terms that would be 7 years,  Would they finish that last 3rd term or would they have to step down and let the board appoint someone to fill that spot for the last year?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Should I complain to Kmart&#39;s corporate office about an about an advertised sale item? My question pertains to consumer rights.  Yesterday I paid a visit to my local Kmart store.  I intended to purchase a sale item, which was advertised in their weekly circular.  I was told the sale was a misprint and I would not be able to purchase the item.  When I emphasized, the store still has the obligation to honor the price advertised, the manager, at first, refused altogether, but then agreed to sell me one at the advertised sale price.  He stated, NYS law only requires he honors one item at the sale price.  Should I complain to Kmart's corporate office?  Do I have a Legitimate gripe?  Thanks in advance for your input.	Consumer Questions	New York
If my 13-year-old son does not want to see his Father, does he have to? My 13-year-old son does not want to see his Father. Does he have to? The court visitation has never been followed and his Father demands to see him whenever he wants.	Family Questions	Florida
Can I accept the past rent while we wait the 60-day period to end, or not? We just end a Unlawful detainer case, which we lost.  We now have to refile our UD after we serve a 60-day notice to quit.  My question is, the tenant owes $10,000.00 in rent. Can I accept the past rent while we wait the 60-day period to end, or not?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it legal for them to delay giving me my direct deposit paycheck? I work for a grocery store and supposed to get direct deposit of my paycheck every Wednesday into my bank account. Is it legal for them to delay giving me my direct deposit paycheck?	Employment Questions	Colorado
What are my rights if I am served a human contaminated beverage? What are my rights if I am served a human contaminated beverage?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
Can an emergency room doctor deny me care? Can an emergency room doctor deny me care?	Personal Injury Questions	Alabama
Able to contest if my late mother left my father the beneficiary but they have been divorced over 30 years? I'm the only child. My mother has passed away and she left my father the beneficiary but they have been divorced over 30 years. Can I contest this?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How soon after a bankruptcy debt is paid can a home be purchased? How soon after a bankruptcy debt is paid can a home be purchased?  or is it "law" that a period of 2 years is the waiting period after the debt is paid?  I filed a Chapter 13 March 2011, the debt has been paid in full in June 2012.	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
Need the biological father&#39;s permission to change son&#39;s last name when my wife has sole custody? My wife and I want to change her son's last name that she had from a previous relationship. She has sole legal and physical custody. We are not sure were to start and whether or not we need the biological father's permission?	Family Questions	Utah
Do I need to file for custody of my daughter in WA since her father recently went to rehab? Do I need to file for custody of my daughter in Washington state since her father recently went to rehab?	Family Questions	Washington
Even though the test came back that she is his, does the father have the right not to bring her back? My daughter's father took her without my permission and he won't bring her back. Even though his name is not on the birth certificate and the test came back that she is his, does he have the right not to bring her back?	Family Questions	Florida
Question regarding allowing a prisoner to stay at my home while on parole? I allowed a prisoner to stay at my home while on parole. He is now back in prison. His family wants to come get his personal belonging, which I have no problem with. The problem is they want to leave unwanted junk, such as 2 worthless boats on my property. Do I have an option of telling them take all or nothing??? They want me to pay for removal. The family owes me 1,500.00 in lawyer fees already and has only paid $300.00 so far. What can I do??	Family Questions	Kentucky
How can I find out if the probate attorney that my family has hired is scamming my inheritance? How can I find out if the probate attorney that my family has hired is scamming my inheritance for me and my bothers and sister?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
Question regarding my daughter being separated from her three boys? My daughter is separated with three young boys (9, 7, 2) and has signed divorce papers which will be given to her husband this week.  Her lawyer suggested she try to get back to her house (which is on an island) and secure their computer since he is not cooperating with information.  He has threatened my daughter about stepping foot on the island, but they are legally still married.  How could she safely go about securing the information needed on his computer?	Family Questions	Florida
What legal steps can I take if I want to move to help my aging mother with my son but my ex won&#39;t let me? I live here in the US and have joint custody of our 12 year old son. I would like to move back to Germany because my mother is aging and not doing well. My ex husband works in Afghanistan as a contractor for several years and only sees my son once a year . Yet he still wont consent to let me move back to Germany. What legal steps can I take?	Family Questions	Georgia
Does accepting a  friendly neighbor offer restrict you from pursing other avenues for repair cost? In a request over repairs on the outside of condo with the Community Board of Directors, does accepting a  friendly neighbor offer restrict you from pursing other avenues for repair cost?	Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
In Louisiana is there any way to file for domicile parent without going to court? In Louisiana is there any way to file for domicile parent without going to court?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can I legally get my daughter homeschooled when her mother wants her to go to a regular school? My daughter is 16 years old. She's hates her mother and wants to live with me. Her mother wants her to go to orchard park high school and I want her to get homeschooled. My daughter has been begging me to get her home schooled, can I legally get her homeschooled?	Family Questions	New York
What to do if my  son would like to have full custody of his son? My son would like to have full custody of his son. They share joint custody now, with her having custodial rights. He starts school this year and they want to keep him all week with dad only seeing him on the weekends. But here is the kicker he does not live with the mom, he lives with her parents.	Family Questions	California
Does Kaiser have right to refuse medical insurance to someone diagnosed with stemcell cancer? Does Kaiser foundation have legal right to refuse medical insurance for a 24-year-old girl diagnosed with stemcell cancer?  She desires to go to Stanford as they do biopsies which Kaiser does not.	Family Questions	California
How do I file for a motion to modify a court order for physical care of my children? How do I file for a motion to modify a court order for physical care of my children in Woodbury County courts and were could i find the papers to print out?	Family Questions	South Dakota
I purchased a mobile home with $72,000 8 months ago. I got the key and moved in but title company still have not transfer name to mine. The tax is due and nobody pays the tax. I want to sue title company. How to start?	Real Estate Questions	California
Are custody cases that an attorney is not involved turn out good? Are custody cases that an attorney is not involved turn out good?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can Oregon use California criminal history as prejudice for charges filed in Oregon? Can Oregon use California criminal history as prejudice for charges filed in Oregon?	Criminal Questions	California
How do I go about getting custody of my son when I have no extra money for an attorney? How do I go about getting custody of my son when I have no extra money for an attorney?	Family Questions	Indiana
What to do if I need to stop child support payments as the child is 18 and does not go to school? i need to stop child support payments as the child is 18 and does not live at home. My divorce decree states she must be a full time student and living at home otherwise I don't pay if the 18 year old is living on her own. Please help me in this matter. The problem is I can't prove her new address. She also works.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
How do I get my parent rights to see my son? Me and my girlfriend just separated and we have a 9-month-old baby. I'm trying to tell her to bring my son over, so I can see him and play with him, but she refuses to bring him over. How do I get my parent rights to see my son.	Family Questions	Florida
Can my boss say that I can&#39;t get my vacation pay until I get back from my vacation? I wood like to take my vacation. I need my vacation pay to do so and my boss said that I cannot get it until I get back from my vacation. Can he do that?	Employment Questions	Florida
Grounds for a retrial if you are forced into going to trial with no proper amount of time to review? If you are forced into going to trial, and you don't feel as though you were given the proper amount of time to review everything, is that grounds for a retrial, or a mistrial?	Criminal Questions	New York
If I am the title owner but did not pay for the vehicle, is this my vehicle or the person who paid for it? If I am the Registered Owner and Certificate title owner but did not pay for the the vehicle in California, is this my vehicle or the person who paid for it? Also there is no covenant on it. and the it is paid in full with no lien.	Criminal Questions	California
Do my parents still have to support me after I turn 18 in New York state? Do my parents still have to support me after I turn 18 in New York state?	Family Questions	New York
What can I do if I got a 72-hour termination for non-payment? i got a 72hr termination for non payment. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
What is the statue of limitation in NYS for CPCS in the 7th? What is the statue of limitation in NYS for CPCS in the 7th?	Criminal Questions	California
If you leave home and your parents call the Police, will the Police make the 17 year old return home? At the age of 17 in NY, if you leave home and your parents call the Police, will the Police make the 17 year old return home?	Family Questions	New York
Question regarding my landlord giving me a 3 day pay or quit notice? I live in Florida.  My landlord has given me a 3 day pay or quit notice.  Does this mean we have only 3 days to leave or is this just the beginning of the eviction process?  How long do we have?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question regarding my contract with my listing agent expiring today? My contract with my listing agent expires today.  If I decide to list myself using a flat fee listing agency, will I owe my previous agent a fee if a buyer saw my house while it was listed under the previous listing contract?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
How does the provision apply when there are less than 5 but a city recycling plan is made available? In 2011 ORS 90.318 Criteria for landlord provision of certain recycling services.The provision in writing applies when the house has 5 or more rented units.  How does the provision apply when there are less than 5 but a city recycling plan is made available?  Our landlord is trying to force us to return all of our 5 cent returnables to the grocery store so the already robust homeless population will not take them from the street corner on recycling day.Is that a legal request when the tenants are paying for the service?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Can an employer take an employee who was salaried make them hourly and drop their pay? Can an employer take an employee who was salaried make them hourly and drop their pay?	Employment Questions	Florida
Why is it that shares in a co-operative may be sold by a broker who does not possess a Series 7license? Why is it that shares in a housing co-operative may be brokered (sold) by a real estate broker who does not possess a Series 7 license when all other shares must be sold by brokers who possess such a license.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can an individual be prosecuted under state criminal law when federal regulations cover the same behavior? Can an individual be prosecuted under state criminal law when federal regulations cover the same behavior and the federal penalties are much less?	Criminal Questions	Idaho
Can ex take me to court for belongings 4 months after break-up? Can my ex-boyfriend take me to court after 4 months after he walk out on me for his belonging?	Administrative Law Questions,Legal Questions	New York
what rights do I have to leave and receive unemployment if my boss cuts my hours a lot? If your schedule at work is for a set amount of hours and your boss cuts you out of the schedule not giving you the agreed upon hours what rights do I have to leave and receive unemployment?	Employment Questions	New York
Is there anyway i could at least get judgement to get another vehicle if i got injured and my vehicle totaled? i was in a car accident. It was the other drivers fault. neither had insurance but i got injured and my vehicle totaled. Is there anyway i could at least get judgement to get another vehicle?	Personal Injury Questions	Tennessee
Is it legal for my local water company to refuse to turn on my water because we are squatting? I am from Nelsonville Ohio and my family and I are living in a home that is owned by a woman who is deceased with no living will or an estate for this home. My local water company is refusing to turn on my water because they say we are squatting. Is it legal for them to refuse to turn on my water?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
How long does a county have to collect expenses from a parent due to a juvenile being detained? How long does a county have to try to collect expenses from a parent due to a juvenile being detained in juvenile detention, after the parent has been released as having paid all expenses.	Family Questions	Kansas
What will happen if the new tenant didn&#39;t pay the rent after I close the LLC company? I have a lease contract with the landlord for 5 years and I want to sale the business for another tenant. What will happen if the new tenant didn't pay the rent after I close the LLC company? Shall I be obliged to the landlord to pay the remaining of the lease time?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
In the state of KY does your employer have to give you a vacation if you work for a sawmill? In the state of KY does your employer have to give you a vacation if you work for a sawmill?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Can someone sue you if your tree is growing under their garage causing it to life? Can someone sue you if your tree is growing under their garage causing it to life?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is it legal for employers to force employees to work without pay? Is it legal for employers to force employees to work without pay? If not, what law is being violated? If an employee refuses and then is terminated,is there any recourse in an at will state(North Carolina). Is termination legal for this cause?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
If my ex is in prison and will be for life, can I sue him for child support? My ex is in prison and will be for life. His dad just died and left him a lot of money in a trust. Can I sue him for child support?	Family Questions	Missouri
What legal action can I take if my ex-wife allowed my 15 year old daughter to get her belly button pierced after I forbid it? She has custody. None	Family Questions	Ohio
Can a mother make a grown child move out of her house with a verbal notice? Can a mother make a grown child move out of her house with a verbal notice?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can a father Legally take his child out of state on vacation even if the mother disapproves? Can a father Legally take his child out of state on vacation even if the mother disapproves? The parents are separated and she does not want the father to take the son on vacation.	Family Questions	Florida
What to do if I hired a photographer for a wedding and she&#39;s holding the pictures hostage after paying? I got married on july 7th 2012, and hired a woman to do the photography for my wedding. She was paid at the wedding. She is now holding pictures hostage. Can i take her to small claims court to sue her. I would like to recieve my pictures. I have text messages as evidence to prove all of our aggreements through the whole wedding process. She acknowledged that she recieved payment through text. still no pictures.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
Do I have a good chance of emancipation? I don't live with my dad and he has full custody of me. I live with a friend and I want to go to school in a different area code then my father lives in. Do you think I have a good chance in getting emancipated?	Family Questions	California
Do I have to continue child support payments to an 18-year-old who&#39;s not in school and has a child? in Mississippi, do I have to continue child support payments to an 18 yr old, not in school who has a child of her own and living with her mother?	Family Questions	Mississippi
What is the procedure to evict an emancipated child from the home? What is the procedure to evict an emancipated child from the home?	Family Questions	Connecticut
If I bought a truck from private person &amp; I put money down, can i get the money if I don&#39;t want the truck? if I was going to buy truck from private person & I put money down, can i get all the money when I paid it and don't want the truck?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
What&#39;s the consequence if an annual corporate meeting is missed? What's the consequence if an annual corporate meeting is missed?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
Am I legally married in Michigan if I live in Ohio but I don&#39;t have my husband&#39;s last name? I got married in Ohio state but I live in Michigan and I never changed anything. I don't have my husband's last name. Am I legal married in the state of Michigan?	Family Questions	Michigan
If I am married and my spouse is not present, is there anyway for me to gain sole custody of my children? If I am married and my spouse is not present, is there anyway for me to gain sole custody of my children?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Legal for my probation officer to give out information about me to my ex wife and her therapist? is it legal for my probation officer to give out information about me to my ex wife and her therapist? What law would this violate?	Family Questions	Colorado
What is the legal age for a minor to move out of the parent&#39;s house without permission from the parent? What is the legal age for a minor to move out of the parent's house without permission from the parent in Montana?	Family Questions	Montana
Is my employer responsible to pay my time driving to my job sites? I use a company commercial truck to drive from to home to my job sites. Is my employer responsible to pay my time driving to my job sites?	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal for companies to require to clock in on a digital time clock? Is it legal for companies to require you to clock in on a digital time clock and not allow you to verify your hours on a weekly basis?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can you move out in Missouri at 17 with parental consent or can you move out with parental consent? Can you move out in Missouri at 17 with parental consent or can you move out with parental consent?	Family Questions	Missouri
What should I do if I have a ticket for Careless improvement mentioned in the state of Missouri? I have a ticket for Careless improvement mentioned in the state of Missouri. What should I do and plea?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
if you are taken into the police station and accused of a misdemeanor does your rights be read to you? if you are taken into the police station and accused of a misdemeanor does your rights be read to you?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
If a dead tree that was on my property fell on my neighbor&#39;s property, am I liable for damages? If a dead tree that was on my property that I was not aware of fell on my neighbor's property, am I liable for damages?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
If I gave my car to a repair shop to fix and it wasn&#39;t not fixed, do I have a lawsuit? If I gave my car to a repair shop to fix just overheating problem and the mechanic did not fix the problem, on top of that take the Engine apart, do I have a lawsuit against the repair shop or the mechanic?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
According to New York state law, can a college kick you out of school on false assumptions? According to New York state law, can a college kick you out of school on false assumptions?	Criminal Questions	New York
As a gay female, I want to know how I can go about giving my mate rights to my child? I live in Georgia, I'm a gay female and i want to know how can i go about giving my mate rights to my child like i already have?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can my boss make me take money out of my pocket, if I&#39;m short on the register to make me make it even? Can my boss make me take money out of my pocket, if I'm short on the register to make me make it even?	Employment Questions	California
Question regarding my fiance and her 2-year-old baby and custody? My fiance has a 2-year-old baby and has him pretty much 5 days a week and the baby's father takes him on the weekends. She doesn't have any paperwork stating what kind of custody she has. Should she be going to court and getting paperwork stating she has full custody in case her baby's father or grandparents try to take custody from her?	Family Questions	Florida
Legal if when I asked about my additional pay I was told that its not offered in that region? On Call Pay : I was a hourly employee for a property management co. I was instructed by the company that I was to take all the after hours calls for our region and was told to be available to respond to these calls. Which limited my personal time away from work. after 6.5 months straight of being on call i left the company. When i asked about my additional pay i was told that its not offered in that region. Is this legal ?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What is the penalty for a $27 food theft in Ohio summit county? What is the penalty for a $27 food theft in Ohio summit county?	Criminal Questions	California
Do I have to pay the fine if I received a Civil Citation for Tresspassing at an Indian Casino? I received a Civil Citation for Trespassing at an Indian Casino in San Diego, Ca. Do I have to pay the fine whatever it is or can I forget it?	Criminal Questions	California
Does a wife have power of attorney if the husband suffers long term rehabilitation from strokes? Does a wife have power of attorney if the husband suffers long term rehabilitation from strokes?  Specifically to see assets (car, home, etc. for financial assistance?  Both husband and wife are on SS benefits.	Family Questions	Illinois
Possibly being fired at my job for something that happened at the store? Possibly being fired at my job for something that happened at the store.  I was not working at the time or in uniform. I was also not charged by the officer. So I have no pending charges. Just seeing if it is legal for them to fire me?	Employment Questions	Florida
How do I get out of a covenant marriage? How do I get out of a covenant marriage?	Family Questions	Arkansas
How do I handle a situation of a bench warrant I had in 2005 without turning myself in? I was doing my re-enlistment and I just found out that I have a bench warrant in the state I use to live in 2005. How do I handle that situation without turning myself in?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Can a public defender make a plea without the knowledge of the defendant? Can a public defender make a plea without the knowledge of the defendant?	Criminal Questions	Wyoming
About how long does a divorce take when i go through legal aid? About how long does a divorce take when i go through legal aid?	Family Questions	Indiana
Will I need to get my biological father&#39;s signature to be adopted from my stepdad? I am 17 years old and my stepdad wants to adopted me. Will I need to get my biological fathers signature to be adopted.	Family Questions	Kentucky
Question regarding a life lease community in DeForest? I live in  a life lease community in DeForest.  When we closed on our property we were given a list of list of Rules and Regulations for our community.  Item 8 states in part the "No single guest may visit a resident for more than twenty one (21) days in a calendar year."One residentt has her daughter and two small children residing with her for more than two years.  Management has turned a blind eye to this even though we have  pictures of her car every evening and morning for more than 21 days, management still refuses to make her comply with our rules.  We have sent a letter to management stating our grievances and we were told we were bullying this resident and made to feel like we were the ones in the wrong.	Real Estate Questions	California
What to do if my parole officer is lying to set me up? My parole officer is lying to set me up. What to do?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can I take my 2 kids &amp; leave my husband in IN where we live now &amp; go back home to GA to file for divorce? Can I take my 2 kids and leave my husband in Indiana where we live now and go back home to Georgia to file for divorce?	Family Questions	Indiana
Do they have to hand over my baby to the person I give full custody to? I gave guardianship to someone. Now they will not give me my baby if I sign full custody to someone else. Do they have to hand over baby to the person I give full custody?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
If we divorce how much is my wife entitled to when I pay for everything except her car? I've Been married 7 years  with no kids and I pay for everything except her car. If we divorce how much is she entitled to?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I go about settling my Father&#39;s estate in Indiana from GA? How do I go about settling my Father's estate in Indiana from GA?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How to transfer a deed in NC? How to transfer a deed in NC?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
What to do if I bought a car and after finding fault, the seller will not give me my money back? I bought a car on craigslist and discover the car had issue. On the day i went to pick it up from the seller i called the seller to inform him but he does not want to give me my money back.	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Question regarding a house on foreclosure when a company kept the rent money? I have a house under foreclosure and my wife signed a contract with a co. that was supposed to buy it from the bank but i did not do anything. They rented the property and kept the rent money. Can you help me?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
how long does the divorce process take after mediation? how long does the divorce process take after mediation?	Family Questions	Florida
Question if someone gets a divorce in AZ &amp; the spouse who owes child and spousal support to CA? Someone gets a divorce in Arizona and the spouse who owes child and spousal support moves to California. Is it in arrears for a large portion of support. He is now in line for an inheritance what recourse does the ex wife have to collect from that inheritance. Can she put a lien on the estate?	Family Questions	Arizona
Recourse if we didn&#39;t know that our heating air conditioning system never passed inspection? We've been told that we've lived under very dangerous conditions for the pass three years because of a heating air conditioning system that could have never passed inspection. Do we have any recourse?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Is it legal to have someone admitted to a hospital who is a threat to himself or to others? Is it legal to have someone admitted to a hospital who is a threat to himself or to others?	Family Questions	Tennessee
If I was to still rent out the unit, what could the association do as a penalty? Hi,I live in California and live in a home with an association. The rule just changed last year where it is stated in the CCRs that you can not rent out your unit. The repercussions for doing so are not stated. If I was to still rent out the unit, what could the association do as a penalty? The property is currently on the market anyways.Thanks	Real Estate Questions	California
Ex-wife allowed boyfriend to live with our children. I live in Arkansas. For the last 7 months, my ex-wife has had her boyfriend living with her in the same house as our girls, who are 15 and 16. The divorce decree states that neither of us can do that, so I was wondering what I can do about that or if there is a law against it?	Family Questions	Arkansas
Question regarding adding my father&#39;s name to my Birth certificate? I need to ad my father's name to my Birth certificate. I was born in Delaware but live now in Georgia. Can I do a Petition to amend by Birth Certificate and if so what is the relief I have to request the court to give a court order for another state birth certificate.thank you	Family Questions	Georgia
With a short sale of 2nd mortgage, do we wait until the sale is done or can we proceed now in buying? We short sold the 2nd Mortgage on our home in Florida. it is in the process now. We are relocating to Georgia. We want to buy a home there. How is this going to effect us and what will we need to put down? Do we wait until the sale is done or can we proceed now in buying?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
I live in Washington state (Pierce County) where I bought a car today and transmission is already slipping.  Can I cancel contract and bring back car for my money back? I heard we have the right to cancel contracts within 3 days (72 hours). Is this true?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Washington
how do I form an llc? how do I form an llc?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Michigan
Legal recourse if I told repeatedly for the 21-year-old male to not pursue my 17-year-old daughter? I live in the state of Florida and I have a 21-year-old male pursuing my 17-year-old daughter and I have told him on several occasions that I do not approve and he continues to pursue her. Do I have legal recourse?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I sue if my mailbox was hit and the car took off but the driver left their front bumper? My mailbox was hit and the car took off. The driver left their front bumper so we have the  name and address of the owner. No one is doing anything about it. Can I sue?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Right if my company sent me home because my computer at work broke down and want me to use PTO? My company send me home because my computer at work broke down. This happened two days in a row and they want to pay me using my PTO. Is is right for them to do that since I showed up for work and it was not my fault that they could not provide me with a computer to do my job and offered me nothing else to do?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Question regarding the mortgage of our house and our son&#39;s name on it? Our son is on our mortgage and the deed to our house.  My wife and I have made all the payments.  What would happen with the house if we, either my wife or myself or both of us, need to go into a nursing home?  Would it be better if he was not on these things?	Real Estate Questions	New York
In the state of Florida is a verbal contract binding in real estate? In the state of Florida is a verbal contract binding in real estate?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question regarding losing a small claim case? In Las Vegas, Nevada, we lost a small claim case. We have been making regular payments. However, for the last several months our payments are returned. What should we do?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
When is a marriage and or divorce dissolved or finalized? When is a marriage and or divorce dissolved or finalized? Are expenses occurred by either party after a marriage or divorce is dissolved considered expenses of the divorce? Example problems with child support and or visitation rights that may require the services of and attorney.	Family Questions	Colorado
Do I have rights if I just moved into a rental and my handyman found some health code violations? I just move into a rental yesterday and I had a handyman come out and look at things afterwards and he told me of some health code violations. Do I have rights and what do I do?	Real Estate Questions	California
What does App of Surviving Spouse for Exempt Property &amp; Homestead Allowance mean? I just need to know what this means: App of Surviving Spouse for Exempt Property & Homestead Allowance?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Missouri
Can an employer take over a month to pay severance? Can an employer take over a month to pay severance?	Employment Questions	Florida
What happens if a defendant in a lawsuit is found liable but cannot afford to pay damages? What happens if a defendant in a lawsuit is found liable but cannot afford to pay damages?	Personal Injury Questions	California
How long after my wife has left me am I obligated to hold on to her personal belongings? I am married. I live in the state of Oregon. How long after my wife has left me am I obligated to hold on to her personal belongings?	Family Questions	Oregon
Can an employee that&#39;s been terminated have the right to request a copy of his file including his termination? Can and does an employee that's been terminated have the right to request verbally & in writing a copy of his file including his termination notice which has not seen or given copy of?  If request has been denied are there laws against this?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Who should file for divorce first-the man or the woman? Who should file for divorce first-the man or the woman?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
What do I do if my union denied to fight arbitration for me because of accusation of insubordination? What do I do if my union denied to fight arbitration for me because of accusation of insubordination?	Employment Questions	New York
My dad, a partner in a corp. had money embezzled. His business one one of many that was &quot;governed&quot; if you will by a parent co. It was later discovered the money had also been embezzled from the parent co. in the same manner. This happened PRIOR to my fathers incident. Are they liable?	Commercial Questions,Criminal Questions	Florida
Do they base child support and alimony on a previous job i got fired from? Do they base child support and alimony on a previous job i got fired from?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a debt collector freeze your bank account if you have 2 names on it? How long can a debt collector pursue you in PA for a credit card for a clothing company?	Finance Questions	Pennsylvania
What is the best way to deal with a lawyer who didn&#39;t show up to green card interview and still wants money? What is the best way to deal with a lawyer who didn't show up to green card interview but still asking to pay fee that includes to be at interview and fix mistake on paperwork?	Immigration Questions	New York
Does suspension of exempt employees require a specific time limitations? Does suspension of exempt employees require a specific time limitations?	Employment Questions	California
How can I stop my landlord from harassing to evict me? My landlord has been falsely accusing me of putting my trash in another tenant's trash can & threatening to evict me. How can I stop my landlord from harassing to evict me?	Real Estate Questions	California
Car was repossessed and sold within time given to recover it. My car was repo-ed and I received a letter stating that I had 10 days to come current on loan or car would be sold. Within 4 days I had money to do so. When I went to recover my car they said "SORRY ITS BEEN SOLD" What are my legal rights, who to contact?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Finance Questions,Leasing Questions,Legal Questions	Arizona
Is there any law that I can refer to if I requested from my employer to have Sundays cause I&#39;m a Pastor? I am a Pastor of a church in Miami Garden and  work on a regular job as well.  I requested from my employer to have Sundays off due to my obligations as Pastor on our church services on Sunday. Is there any law that I can refer to?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can a employer stop your direct deposit because you have personal issues outside of work? can a employer stop your direct deposit because you have personal issues outside of work? Is that possible without me signing any paperwork?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is unpaid training legal? Is unpaid training legal and how much is min wage for waitresses in MA?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Will I have to spend time in jail if I was driving without license and have a traffic ticket? I was driving without license and have traffic ticket and have to report to court. Will I have to spend time in jail?	Criminal Questions	Tennessee
Question regarding moving into a new home in June? In June we moved in to a new home. It was a lease for a year then we would do a contract for deed. We sign a contract that the previous owner typed up.  It stated how much we were to pay each month and when, we were also responsible for general mantainance. We also typed up a contract stating that they couldn't try to take the house back or sell it out from under us, that was signed. Now they are saying that they are putting the house back on the market.  Can they do that? What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Legal for an officer with conflict of interest to be on the jury? If there is a officer of the courts on a jury where the defendant family member works with and that officer is in the same department is it legal for that officer to be on that jury?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What action should I take if I have a possible illegal eviction with a court order attached? I received a court order for an eviction. It said pay the full amount or move. So meanwhile at the court a representative from the apartment told me she wasn't going to evict me to come up with the money. So I said ok. Almost a month pass, I have a meeting with the board that said we can just adjust your rent.  I'm still paying my rent to the apartment. I get a phone call saying the bailer is coming tomorrow cause it was court ordered. Is the court order paid in full? Not partial payments. I believe they violated the court order by receiving payments that wasn't in it's entirety. And that this is an illegal eviction. What action should I take?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What to do if our daughter using my wife&#39;s SS to get loans for her daughter without my wife&#39;s permission? What can be done about our daughter using my wife's SS number to get student loans for her daughter without my wife's permission?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have a legal sale or not when the dealer forged the seller&#39;s signature on the title? I bought a truck from a dealer while under warranty it blow white smoke I brought it back and he fixed it. as, time went by I found out that he only covered up the repair with block sealer and that the heads were cracked. I call him on this and he said it really needed a new motor at $1150 because it was not under warrant any longer and there are many more issues that go with this story but I would be typing all day. I am looking for advice on if I even have a legal sale or not, the dealer forged the seller's signature on the title?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
If a father no longer has parental rights, does he still have to pay child support? In the state of Georgia, if a father no longer has parental rights, does he still have to pay child support?	Family Questions	Georgia
Need help to get proof of service by mail for Writ of Mandamus? Indigent senior citizen needs to get proof of service by mail for Writ of Mandamus filed pro se in Civil Case in the US Dist Court for the Middle District of FL in JAX against Office of General Counsel in Washington DC?	Immigration Questions	Florida
if my wife kicked me out then moved another guy right in, is that cheating &amp; will that get me my kids? if my wife kicked me out then moved another guy right in is that called cheating and will that get me my kids?	Family Questions	Wyoming
Why now after living here for 28 years the rules have changed for maintenance? I live in a hoa community. I have a corner lot, the side is part of the county road and sidewalk which up till now was cleaned and maintained by the association. Now the assoc. said that I am now responsible for cleaning the sidewalk which is not on my property and is owned by the county. Why now after living here for 28 years the rules have changed? Thanking you in advance for your assistance.jordan m goldberg	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can my husband&#39;s ex-wife try to claim his assets of &quot;ours&quot; for her daughter when he&#39;s sick &amp; noncustodial? my husband is a noncustodial parent and has a terminal illness. Can his ex-wife try to claim his assets of "ours" for her daughter	Family Questions	Virginia
Question regarding being taken to court by Citibank? I am being taken to court by citibank.  I owe them 20,000.  I am out of work and have exhausted all of my repayment options.  I meant to have my house sold to take care of the debt.  no such luck.  Do I need an atttorney at this hearing?  Any idea what I can expect?	Consumer Questions	Rhode Island
If a parent&#39;s home was transferred to children, can a nursing care facility go after it? If a parent's home was transferred to children, can a nursing care facility go after it?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Possible to reverse an adoption? i, the birth father, of three children made a mutual agreement with grandparents and mother for grandparents to have custody of my children. This decision was based on grounds of financial well being. the grandparents assured i would still have visitations with my children and child support would then stop. Neither has been the case. I would like to reverse adoption. is this possible?	Family Questions	Alabama
Am I required to give the records even though the father will try and use it against the mother in court? I'm a licensed clinical social worker who is counseling girls who are 5 and 7 years old.  The mother and father are going to court to see who will get custody.  The father had his lawyer write a letter to me requesting that I give their records to him.  We are in New York.  Am I required to give them even though he will try and use it against her in court?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
If my wife leaves me, must I let her take anything but her personals till court? If my wife leaves me, must I let her take anything but her personals till we go to court?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
While my son as visitation with me, can he stay with me while in court process as he wants to live with me? My son is 14. He has been living with his mother. While he was on visitation with me, he wants to live with me can he stay with me while in court process?	Family Questions	Kentucky
What is the law in Indiana that you can not contract on Sunday&#39;s specifically home improvement? What is the law in Indiana that you can not contract on Sunday's specifically home improvement?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Carolina
Do I have a right to back child support to my child? Do I have a right to back child support to my child? She is 27 years old now. I had Massachusetts dds send me a letter and asking me if I would take an amount. When i call them i couldn't get anyone on it so do i have the right to get anything?	Family Questions	Maine
What to do if I have a case with children involved and the father has a restraining order? What to do if I have a case with children involved and the father has a restraining order?	Family Questions	Florida
What are definitions of promissory notes and contracts? Are federal reserve notes a kind ofpromissory note? If so, are promissory notes a kind of contract, and if so, does this mean FRNs are a kind of contract?	Banking Law Questions	Louisiana
Is it legal for non P.E. teachers to assign physical punishment? Is it legal for non P.E. teachers to assign physical punishment such as pushups, sit ups, jumping-jacks, or laps? Also, 2 people in the class had injured wrists and the teacher made them do pushups anyway. Is that legal?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Will the insurance company of the homeowner usually pay the victim they said their maximum pay out for a dog bite is $25,000? My son was bit on his face by a dog and he received about 5 stitches on his lip he is 10 years old. Will the insurance company of the homeowner usually pay the victim they said their maximum pay out for a dog bite is $25,000? Is there a maximum or are they trying to get us to just take the money? By the way this was their first offer.	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
If my ex-wife cheated on me and will not let me see my children, is there anything I can do? My name is Martin Patterson. I am a 100% disabled veteran. My wife ran off with my best friend over 18 months ago, and won't let me see my children. The divorce took place in Huntsville, AL and I am supposed to be able to talk to my children over the phone 3 days a week and see them every other weekend. My ex has refused to comply and it has been now 18 months since I have seen or talked to my children. The courts in Alabama don't seem to care that she was having an affair and ran off with my kids. They don't care that she won't let me see them either. I've already spent all my money trying to get my kids back, but it has gotten me nowhere. Any advice or referrals to TOP of the line family law attorneys would be greatly appreciated.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
Get a citation by driving without a license in the mail or without being pulled over in PA? Get a citation by driving without a license in the mail or without being pulled over in PA?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Help if we have outstanding hospital bills but they won&#39;t give financial assistance cause our many assets? Help if we have outstanding hospital bills but they won't give me financial assistance cause we have too many assets? I am 82 while my wife is 90.	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Does my daughter have to work those 14 hour shifts or can she refuse? My daughter is 19. She is college student and she was hired in at 20 hrs a week no more. They are scheduling her 14 hour shifts and 11 hour shifts not asking her but telling her she has to do it. It's fast food probably owned. Does she have to work those kind of hours or can she refuse?	Employment Questions	California
Can I not pay my rent until my landlord fixes the roof that my kids fell off of? My landlord won't fix my roof and now there's mold. My kids have fell and hurt themselves. Can I not pay my rent until he fix it?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
Can you drive a moped in FL without insurance or helmet? Hi, can you drive a moped in FL without insurance or helmet?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I get a hardship even know I have never had a driver license and they have been suspended? I have an HTV and driving while never received a drivers license & I can apply for my hardship license. Can I get a hardship even know I have never had a driver license and they have been suspended?	Commercial Questions	Illinois
How do I establish first party with the insurance carrier and then able to take any of my settlement? I was a passenger in an auto accident and received substantial injuries.  I currently have dual residency 1 being at my parents where they own a car 2 being an apartment where I don't.  The insurance carrier offered to settle with me for the policy limit of 15000.00.  First party benefits have not been established and I would like that to be my apartment as my parents do not want to be involved.  I know I forfeit their under insured. I have DPW as my health insurance carrier.   How do I establish first party with the insurance carrier and then is DPW able to take any of my settlement?  What other major issues should I be on the look out for?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
If I am an adult, can a social worker and police force threaten my father to jail time for speaking to me? My question is if I am an adult ...can a social worker and police force threaten my father to jail time for speaking to me? And also lie to him and say that I suffer from constant depression, but tell me that everything is good and that the case is almost closed? I was a sexually abused child but my case was closed five years ago and now re opened for some reason	Family Questions	California
Question regarding ownership after breaking up an engagement? I was engaged for 2 years starting in 2007. He broke up with me in 2009. He said he bought it for me and I can keep it. in 2010 he asked for it back. Then in march 2012 said to give it back and today he said to expect papers for court soon. Does he have any right to do that after telling me its mine, and we are both engaged, and 5 years later??	Consumer Questions	Florida
Can I keep home if we break up? I bought a house with my girlfriend. She put in most of the money. She lived with me at my other property rent free, she went bankrupt as well as foreclosed on her own property. Currently, I pay all the bills at our new home and it's also under my name. In the event of a break up can I keep my home?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If there&#39;s no custody agreement for the child &amp; mother lives in IL and father lives in IN who has the right? If there's no custody agreement for the child and mother lives in IL and father lives in IN who has the right?	Family Questions	Illinois
Is it against the law to question a child without their parent present? Is it against the law to question a child without their parent present?	Family Questions	Indiana
What can I do if deceived on salary? I applied for employment with the Federal Government and the job announcement stated that the salary was to be $36440 annually for part time permanent position. I interviewed and was told that the $36440 was the correct salary and I got the job but the salary I'm receiving is only $25k annually. I've been working here for 7 months now and have discussed this with my supervisor, who is the person that interviewed and hired me, but now he's telling me that the salary I'm getting is what it is. I've talked with the deputy director who told me the same thing my supervisor told (the salary is what it is). I accepted this job because of the posted salary offering and missed out on another job. I feel I've been deceived. What can I do legally?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can the government charge me twice for the same thing? Can the government charge me twice for the same thing? I got a citation for disorderly conduct. I looked up my charges and I have the same exact case number, charge, and everything. Two different court dates but one is filed as criminal and the other as misdemeanor. Can they sentence me on criminal case and then charge me again for misdemeanor?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
Can my employer suspend me with pay and no paper work and not tell anyone? my employer suspended me with pay, but no paper work was done and they told me not to talk to anyone. They would call me when they want me to come back to work. Can they do that?	Employment Questions	Nevada
I want to be able to file an affidavit regarding my divorce and my attorney will not do it. There has to be a way to file one myself. I am the Peitioner and the Respondent&#39;s lawyer filed the divorce with the court without my signature or my lawyer&#39;s signature.	Family Questions	California
What are the documents needed to protect ourselves in taking over mortgage payments from family? What are the legal documents needed to protect ourselves in taking over mortgage payments from a family member	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
What are the rights and privileges for care provider employees in Nevada? Kindly detail the rights and privileges of employees of care providers in the state of Nevada.	Employment Questions	California
Legal to fire me cause I wasn&#39;t working at a gas station for over a year when I was pregnant? Yes I was working with a gas station for 9 months and I took maternity leave cause I was pregnant. They had to fire me after my 8 to 12 weeks was up cause they said I haven't been there a year. Are they allowed to do that?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
What can I do if the lawyer is refusing to let me in the meetings for my mom&#39;s health? Mom had a stroke after Christmas with speech and confusion are still problems. Dad pasted away suddenly last month. Mom is staying by herself. Younger sister taking care of money matters. I took Mom to meet with lawyer on next steps and he would not let be in the meeting. I feel like things are being hidden from me. What can I do? I am second oldest and my older brother has no comment.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
What does it mean when someone gets arrested for prohibited acts? What does it mean when someone gets arrested for prohibited acts?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
Should I move into rented condo if the landlord says it is OK, but the association objects to it? I'm attempting to rent a condo from a private leasor, but there is an assocation and a management. Both the association and management are on two different pages on why I cannot move in, but my landlord says to go ahead and take the property because I have already given him first and last months' rent which is $1,400 plus $100 for an application fee. Since the landlord owns this particular apt, doesn't he have control on who lives there?What should I do: take his advice and move in or do I listen to the association and management? If I move in can anything legally go against me?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I still get charged with anything else the cop finds if he searches for drugs and can&#39;t find any? if a cop searches my vehicle because he says he smells marijuana and then he doesn't find any marijuana or anything related to it, can i still get charged with anything else he finds?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
How do I stop my cousin from stealing my daughter&#39;s SS and living as her? My first cousin came from London. Because she lives here illegally, she stole my daughter's social security and is living as her how do I stop this?	Criminal Questions	New York
Illegal to wear a mask in a public area while holding a sign to voice my opinion? I am a protester and stand up for peoples rights. I live in the 215 area. Walking around holding a sign to voice my opinion. Is it illegal to wear a mask in a public area while doing so?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Whats can I do if my landlord won&#39;t come fix the mold growing in my apt? Whats can I do if my landlord won't come fix the mold growing in my apt?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Does my ex have the legal right to change the locks so myself or the realtor cannot access the home? I am recently divorced myself and my 2 girls moved into my recently deceased moms home. The marital home is up for sale my ex husband and his girlfriend live in our home. Does he have the legal right to change the locks so myself or the realtor cannot access the home?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What statute governs the filing of Findings &amp; Orders After Hearing, and the deadlines for opposing party to either sign or tell what their objections are? What statute governs the filing of Findings & Orders After Hearing, and the deadlines for opposing party to either sign or tell what their objections are?Thanks for the help!	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If a person works for 5 hours at $8 an hour  and if fired for poor performance what pay is owed to him? If a person works for 5 hours  at $8 an hour  and if fired for poor performance what pay is owed to him?	Employment Questions	New York
How do I go about pressing charges if I had recently quit my job over a hostile work environment? I had recently quit my job over a hostile work environment. How do I go about pressing charges? I don't have the income to hire an attorney.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Am I liable for any child support to my college-aged son and curious about alimony to my non-working ex? I have one son in college and now all other kids are grown. My wife has not worked in years. Am I liable for any child support and curious about alimony to her?	Family Questions	Louisiana
how to go about filing for visitation and/or custody of my child? I have a baby out of wedlock. I have had a DNA done. The baby is 99.999% my child. I need to know how to go about filing for visitation and /or custody of my child? We both live in Louisiana but in different parishes. Which parish do I file in and what steps do I need to take?	Family Questions	Louisiana
What do I do if I don&#39;t have a lease agreement but signed a promissory note to make payments? What do I do if I do not have alease agreement formbut signed a promissory note to make payments toward my late rent charges but I am late making a payment? What do I do if in addition to the promissory note I wrote a check for the amount due and the landlord decides to prosecute my check for late payment?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Does a real estate contract transfer constructive ownership? Does a real estate contract transfer constructive ownership?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Wondering if we can find my daughter&#39;s real father and have him sign over his rights? My boyfriend wants to adopt my daughter. The father's name is not on her birth certificate so I was wondering if there is any need to find her real father and have him sign over his rights? I was also wondering if we have to be married for him to be able to adopt her?	Family Questions	Michigan
What to do if I am working out of state and only getting paid stipend not salary? What to do if I am working out of state and only getting paid stipend not salary?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Can a landlord make a tenant reliable to replace an air conditioner if it dies from wear and tear? Can a landlord make a tenant reliable to replace an air conditioner if it dies from wear and tear?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What to expect if I&#39;ve been arrested for shoplifting for the first time and now have a court date set? I've been arrested for shoplifting for the first time and now have a court date set. Please tell me what to expect?	Criminal Questions	Connecticut
What options do I have if nobody deals with an inappropriate situation at work? I am an independent contractor for a direct sales company. On our recent sales incentive trip, the husband of my upline (the women I joined the company under) touched me inappropriately and was verbally inappropriate. I have brought this to my companies attention however, I am not seeing anything being done. I am not sure what could be done or if I have any other avenues to pursue or even who to talk to about. Do I have any options?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
When my grandmother died, does her share of the house go to her two children? Grandparents own a home. When grandmother died, does her share of the house go to her two children?  even if there is no will or written document?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Is there anything we can do if our home has gone into foreclosure? Our home has gone into foreclosure. Is there anything we can do to save it??	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
What to do if an ex-employee falsely took our money and refuses to pay me back? My ex employee made everyone pay one month in advance plus that month for insurance. I did not get my insurance until 6 weeks later. So not only I paid for that month but she made us pay a month ahead. This money did not go to the insurance company. I left her and my insurance was canceled that day but she took that weeks insurance money out. She refused to pay me my money back. She got 1 month ahead for me and my husband and the last week I did not have insurance. Please get back to me and I could tell you what I have done?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What do I do if my son&#39;s house was raided &amp; as the owner, I&#39;m violating a drug law? my son's house was raided and I'm currently the owner the police said i was violating the 11570 drug abatement act. What do I do?	Criminal Questions	California
If I put my daughter&#39;s father on child support will it effect him from getting his paper in the future Hi i wanted to know if I put my daughter's father on child support will it effect him from getting his paper in the future? He is an illegal alien and doesn't work...If not how will it work out?	Immigration Questions	New York
If a child is the age of 17 are they legally able to move out there parents house without there consent? In the state of Louisiana if a child is the age of 17 are they legally able to move out there parents house without there consent?	Family Questions	Louisiana
What can I do if not able to refinance house? I bought a house for the first time a few years ago before everything got very low. I'm stuck with a house that I owed 100,000.00 more than what it's worth now and what can I do? I can't get it to  refinance.	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
What should I do if an airlines lost my wife&#39;s luggage? What should I do if an airlines lost my wife's luggage?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
Can I move out legally at the age of 18? Can I move out legally at the age of 18?	Family Questions	Oregon
Am i still entitled to receive support since i never went for it before? I've been divorced 12 years and never asked for support but now i need it. I've been a stay at home mom for 10 yrs in my current relationship. My son is 13 and his needs are changing & getting more expensive. And with the economy its very hard. Am i still entitled to receive support since i never went for it before?	Family Questions	Virginia
If I got in a fender bender and I was uninsured &amp; I received the outrageous deductible, what can I do? if I got in a fender bender and I was uninsured at the time, and I received the other parties deductible and its outrageous, what can I do?	Consumer Questions	Idaho
If I won a small claim and the other party is appealing, should I get a lawyer? If I won a small claim and the other party is appealing, should I get a lawyer?	Real Estate Questions	California
Does the manager have the right to make me move out if he did not give the home owner my rent? does the manager have the right to make me move out if he did not give the home owner my rent?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding owning a cottage with 3 sisters who are all having a quarter interest if 2 want to sell? I own a summer cottage with three sisters who are all having a quarter interest if two want to sell and the other two don't. What happens?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What can I do to protect the business from my ex-wife? I am divorced and remarried. Trying to start a new business. what can I do to protect the business from my ex-wife? If my current wife's name is listed as an owner of the business would that keep her from being able to get her hands on anything? If so does my wife need to sign all business documents i.e. lease etc.?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can the children of a deceased veteran contest the rights of the widow about his estate? Can the children of a deceased veteran contest the rights of the widow about his estate?	Family Questions	Georgia
As a disabled person, can I bring up a legal case against someone? I am a disabled person and legally blind with a heart problem. Someone has made me upset and angry in discussion and he says I have an attitude. I was wondering if I can bring up a legal case against him?	Family Questions	California
Question regarding my parents as renting tenants in CA? My parents are renting tenants in California. They are going to court to defend their witholding of rent due to lack of seriously needed repairs.The landlord has put my name along with my parents in the case, even though I neither live there, nor did I ever sign a lease. The only thing they have on me is that my parents paid rent with MY bank checks.I was never served, although my parents were. They tried serving me at that residence - but I don't live there!I have not had sufficient time to file an official 'answer' due to short notice.My question is, can I legally be held responsible if:a. I don't live at the property.b. I never signed the lease.c. The rent checks did have my name on them.Thanks in advance.	Real Estate Questions	California
Is a Power of Attorney responsible for grantors debts? Is a Power of Attorney responsible for grantors debts?	Family Questions	Florida
If i was fired would i still be able to get my unused vacation time? If i was fired would i still be able to get my unused vacation time?	Employment Questions	New York
Does the fired real estate agent have any right to claim a commission if I sell my house? We have mutually cancelled our real estate contract with the firm.  We were released from the contract with no penalties.  Does the fired real estate agent have any right to claim a commission if I sell my house?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Is it still racketeering if you are not threatened with physical violence, but loss of your business? Is it still racketeering if you are not threatened with physical violence, but loss of your business?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
What steps to take to get my son to live with me as soon as possible? I have been divorced for 4 years now. My son is 17 years old. He no longer wants to live with his mother. She is making it very difficult saying he cannot move until he is 18 years old. I am very behind on my child support and i also have a warrant for not paying the child support. I need to know what steps to take to get my son to live with me as soon as possible..	Family Questions	Missouri
Can my wife short sell the house if it&#39;s been refinanced several times and she has poor credit? my wife wants to short sell the house. I am not sure I am on the deed because we have refinanced the house several times. The last time she put things in her name because my credit was poor. San she short sell?	Family Questions	Virginia
What&#39;s the law if I&#39;m the primary custodian of two boys and there&#39;s a father that wants to take them to Nevada for spring break? I'm the primary custodian of two boys and there's a father that wants to take them to Nevada for spring break.  What are the laws there and should I get something in writing?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can a company change their rate of hiring after I was hired? I work for an employer where I was offered a rate of $8.00 / hour by the Director in charge of hiring.  On receiving my payslip I noticed it was calculated at $7.25 / hour and my overtime was calculated incorrectly. I feel it is wrong of them to change the rate AFTER the fact.  Can a company do that?  Is it not a breach of contract?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Question regarding car possession? I have a complex situation and seem to be running into dead ends trying to find out what I can do. I bought a car with what is now an ex. I am the signer of the car and he is the co-signer. The car was for his use but he stopped making the payments once we split so the finance company has sued me and is now garnishing my wages not his. I have gone to his house but he refuses to give me the car and I don't no if because he is on the car registration as well if I can really make him or what I have to do to get the car back? We have two kids and he knows i don't have the money for a lawyer so i think hes using that as an advantage. Any advice?	Consumer Questions	Missouri
Does attorney have the right to bully the accused in to taking his offer if that person fights the charge? Do the state's attorney have the right to bully the accused in to taking his offer if that person wants to fight the charge?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
How can an illegal alien obtain custody of his U.S. citizen child when the mother is seen as unfit? How can an illegal alien living outside the U.S. obtain custody of his U.S. citizen child when the mother is seen as unfit?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Can an employer hold your check for 30 days just because you quit your job? In the state of Missouri, can an employer hold your check for 30 days just because you quit your job?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Can the landlord come in and take pictures of our belongings for the real estate listing? Our landlord is selling the duplex we are renting.  Can they come in and take pictures of our belongings for the real estate listing?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
Could my husband have a civil suit against the school district and his former boss with misleading info? My spouse was a Special Education Teacher last year in Ky. Later in the fall he was offered the opportunity to go to a neighboring school district to be an assistant principal. He had to work for them one year and get hired back for the next to get his tenure back. He was laid off due to budget cutbacks. He had a good evaluation of job performance. He was mislead to come over there and now has lost everything. He has tried all summer to find another job without success. It appears that because of this school district my husband never work in education again. They have cost him his career. Could my husband have a civil suit against this school district and his former boss?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Am I entitled to personal time working the hours I do? I work part-time from 10 am to 3 pm 5 days a week, M-F and I am paid on an hourly basis.  Am I entitled to any personal time beyond going to the bathroom during those 5 hours?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What do you do about homeowners that keep adding work and do not want to pay you for it? I am a contractor. What do you do about homeowners that keep adding work and do not want to pay you for it, and than threaten you.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What can I do if my ex owes over $45,000 in child support and is only making minimum payments? My ex husband owes over 45,000 dollars in child support and is only making minimum payments. What can I do?	Family Questions	New York
Is a Dominican republic divorce legal in the state of CO? Is a Dominican republic divorce legal in the state of CO?	Family Questions	Colorado
Need lawyer for employer violating 29 CFR 785.19. What can you do when your employer violates 29 CFR 785.19 and the only lawyer you can find that practices in federal court won't take your case because you can support your family?	Employment Questions	Michigan
How much rent can I withhold for no heat or hot water for the first week and the apartment was not cleaned before I moved in? This is in PA.	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions,Utilities Questions	Pennsylvania
Are my next door neighbors allowed to install cameras facing into my fenced back yard? Are my next door neighbors allowed to install cameras facing into my fenced back yard?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it legal for my kids mother to be on welfare and not turn me in then after 11 and a half years get off then turn me in? Is it legal for my kid's mother to be on welfare and not turn me in then after 11 and a half years get off then turn me in?	Family Questions	District of Columbia
What happens to the funds if the employee dies? My husband passed away just a few weeks ago.  He had a 125 flex spending account of $5000 through his employer.  He was saving most of this because he was going to have dental implants.  I can come up with only a few hundred dollars of receipts to submit to his flex plan.  As a listed dependent of this plan, am I entitled to use the difference toward health expenses of my own as long as they fall within the plan year?  (9-1-11 to 8-31-12)  His employer is telling me differently although I can see no where in his employee hand book where that is specifically addressed.  Meaning...what happens to these funds if the employee dies?	Employment Questions	New York
Will it be hard considering my past background to assume custody? I'm a father of a 14-year-old son. His mother passed away after a car accident in Jan. 2004 and in Aug. 2004 I was incarcerated for an accident which led to a charge of D.U.I. and manslaughter. I was found guilty and sentence to 8 years in prison. In this time my sons maternal grandparents assumed custody of him. I was released from prison Sept. 2011. I've had contact and visitation since my release. My son has asked me if he could come live with me. I do have stable housing & employment. My ex wife who passed away had residential custody. Will it be hard considering my past background to assume custody?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I go about getting my divorce maintenance amount changed when my yearly income drops significantly? How do I go about getting my divorce maintenance amount changed when my yearly income drops significantly?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Was the walk-through legal when the property manager changed the locks? The end of the lease is on 3/8/12. A walk-through was completed on 2/11/12 by tenant and property manager. Manager asked for the keys which only one was given at that time. Sometime between the walk through and 2/19/12 locks were changed. 2nd tenant tried using his key but unable to open door. Locks were changed. Rent was paid and up to date. No outstanding balance. Is this legal?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
If my niece from Guatemala doesn&#39;t want her baby, can I adopt her? i have a niece in Guatemala (central america) she just found out she is pregnant and doesn't want to keep her baby, can I adopt her baby? can i bring her here to the states and have the baby here and do the adoption here?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Does a girl have any legal rights if she has a lease from a company that does not exist and can I evict her? I own a home in Florida that has been vacant. I am doing a short sale on the property. While visiting this week, I found someone living in the home. The person has a lease from a company that does not exist. Does this girl have any legal rights? Can I evict her?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I purchase a new home without my spouse on the loan? (Married)- can I purchase a new home without my spouse on the loan? Can I use a disclaimer deed in California and will the still use her credit as debt.?	Real Estate Questions	California
Will I go to jail if I did not report the father who refuses to pay for our children&#39;s hospital bill? I have had two children through medical. I did not report the father who refuses to pay for the hospital bill. Will I go to jail for this?	Criminal Questions	California
What to do if you&#39;re Wrongfully terminated? What to do if you're Wrongfully terminated?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
if I am legally married but I haven&#39;t been with him since 1999, does he get visitation with our child? My question is if I am legally married to a person but I haven't been with them since 1999 but I had a child during my separation of my husband does that man get visitation by court if he takes me to court?	Family Questions	New York
Enough to exit the contract if I found a better price and there are mechanical issues? I recently purchased a used vehicle from a buy here pay here car lot in Central Florida. I put a down payment down and signed a contract. Now mechanical issues are happening and it has only been 1 Month. I also found the same car lot advertising the same vehicle with the same Vin and everything online about a month later at a substantially lower price after they sold it to me at a higher price. Is this enough to exit the contract?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What to do If someone has been given a 30 day notice &amp; he is still not out by the 32nd day? If someone has been given a 30 day notice to get out of an office, and he is still not out by the 32nd day, what can I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Utah
If one spouse is disabled and may have to move to an assisted living facility what rights does the other spouse have concerning protection of assets? If one spouse is disabled and may have to move to an assisted living facility what rights does the other spouse have concerning protection of assets?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
How am I able to bring my daughter with me full time if her marine father is in a different state? I recently got married to a marine stationed in another state. How am I able to bring my daughter with me full time if her father is in a different state?	Family Questions	Indiana
Question if I am recently divorced and I changed my name back to my maiden name? I am recently divorced and I changed my name back to my maiden name. I want to change my son's last name to both mine and my exes last names. He will not sign the paperwork allowing me to do so. Is there another way? We live in New York state	Family Questions	New York
Can I just walk away from the lawyer if I signed his paperwork since we haven&#39;t filed in courts yet? I have an lawyer. I sign his paperwork but I no longer want his services. Can I just walk away since we haven't filed in courts yet?	Personal Injury Questions	Arkansas
If someone calls 911 &amp; gives info saying things are in vehicle do you have right to face accuser? if someone calls 911 and gives information to dispatch saying things are in a vehicle do you have right to face accuser? in MN.	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Legally give a 30 day notice since I cannot afford the increase &amp; my lease was under the previous company? My apartment complex just went under a new management company and with it come a $105 rent increase. They say we are locked into our original lease and cannot move. My question is can I legally give a 30 day notice and move out since I cannot afford the increase and my lease was signed under the previous company and not the new?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Is it possible for the girlfriend&#39;s mother to deny the father his rights? I have a friend in Arkansas who is 18 and his 17 year old girlfriend just gave birth to their child. The girlfriend's mother is trying to prevent the father from seeing his baby. Is it possible for the girlfriend's mother to deny the father his rights?	Family Questions	Arkansas
Person intends to sue after breaking hand in practical joke. There was a joke that went bad. The guy's hand was broke now and we have to pay for the surgery and everything else.I offered that day to take him to get xray. He refused. Then, 2 days later, he went himself. It was broke and needed surgery. I offered to pay what I can but he's already asked for $1300 and will sue.What should I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Missouri
Do all houses have to be inspected before you  get a mortgage? I bought a house in 2007. It was never inspected. Do all houses have to be inspected before you  get a mortgage? I live in WV	Real Estate Questions	West Virginia
If I make a rental available in CA for section 8 vouchers can I have two rental rates when I advertise? renting question, If I make a rental available in CA for section 8 vouchers can I have two rental rates when I advertise?  For example:  $1200 a month, or  Section 8 $1500 a month.  The reason say the voucher pays $1200, I want the section 8 tenant to have some skin in the game to attract a more responsible tenant.Thanks	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
What do i do when the father of my children continues to violate our court ordered visitations? What do i do when the father of my children continues to violate our court ordered visitations in the state of California?	Family Questions	California
Advice if I need to see my sick mother but my passport is revoked? i owe 40,000 to child support and my passport is revoked due to my mother's hardship and illness. I need to visit her under this condition. How can you advise me?	Family Questions	West Virginia
Can my stepmother change me as executive to my dad&#39;s will without my consent? Can my stepmother change me as executive to my dad's will without my consent?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Wisconsin
If you are required to wear a uniform by a company, are you required to also pay for said uniform? If you are required to wear a uniform by a company, are you required to also pay for said uniform?	Employment Questions	Georgia
What is the law for a tax action in PA? What is the law for a tax action in PA?	Tax Questions	Pennsylvania
How would I go about getting a divorce when I have no income? My name is Carrie Lemon. I am going through a divorce and i have no income. How would i go about that?	Family Questions	Missouri
Is the medical practice legal? Is it legal for a doctor to make an insision then nab squeeze and prod at your cyst for half an hour before being unsuccesful? He then sewed me up & referred me to another practice without information about caring for the insision or without offering something for pain.	Privacy Questions	Florida
What am I entitled to due to my ex never working legally and have automobiles that he acquired? I live in North Carolina. My husband abandoned my daughter and I in September of 2011. I need to know what am i entitled to due to him never working legally and have automobiles that he acquired while we were married but they not in his name. Am I entitled to alimony or full custody of our daughter?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How can we have a contract with a 17-year-old regarding damages to property in event of problem? How can we have a legal document/contract with a 17 year old regarding damages to property in event of problem/accident?	Consumer Questions	New York
Options if I was in a hearing and the magistrate did not allow me to fully defend myself? I was in a hearing, and the magistrate did not allow me to fully defend myself; what are my options?	Personal Injury Questions	Indiana
How can I legally get my boyfriend to leave my property? My boyfriend and I live in a mobile home and both our names are on the title to the home, but mine is the only one on the rent receipts and lease that was signed when I first moved in(10 yrs ago). I also have a son who is ten and on disability(My child from a previous relationship). My boyfriend, we are not married, has parents that are alive in Wisconsin and Illinois but I have none. I have a brother and a sister who cant take me in. This is the only place I have to live...How can I legally get him to leave? We do not get along. Please help.	Family Questions	Michigan
How do you file for a father to sign his rights away? How do you file for a father to sign his rights away?	Family Questions	Florida
How do I go about getting emancipated when I&#39;m 16? I'm 16 and I want to get emancipated. I have a TERRIBLE home life. How do I go about this?	Family Questions	New York
Can I apply for a non-profit to have fundraisers for their care without it affecting my disability income? I receive disability for my Multiple Sclerosis and have rescued stray cats and provided care beyond what any shelter or rescue would. Can I apply for a non-profit to have fundraisers for their care without it affecting my disability income?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Mississippi
Can I pay the fees and have the warrant lifted? I owe legal fees on a no contest conviction in FL. can I pay the fees and have the warrant lifted?	Criminal Questions	New York
What is the legal age for a male to move from home without a legal guardian&#39;(s) permission? In the state of Missouri, what id the legal age for a male to move from home without a legal guardian'(s) permission?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can a landlord evict you if the house is up for bid in 5 days? Can a landlord evict you if the house is up for bid in 5 days?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How can I show documentation of separation from my spouse? How can I show documentation of separation from my spouse?	Family Questions	Missouri
What if a tenant calls the rent office on another tenant making false claims? What if a tenant calls the rent office on another tenant making false claims?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Is there a time frame on purchase contact of car? Is there a time frame on purchase contact of car?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
If there was a prenup in a divorce and it was all settled can the wife reopen the settlement a try to get house? if there was a prenup in a divorce and it was all settled can the wife reopen the settlement a try to get house?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I file for child support from the father who is 18 years old when I&#39;m the mother of a teen? I am the mother of a 16 year old teenage mother in Kentucky. Can I file for child support from the father who is 18 years old?	Family Questions	Kentucky
What to do if I found a decrease in my pay rate for a position when it happened 7 weeks but never notified? Today I found a decrease in my pay rate for a position I sometimes hold at my current job. It apparently happened 7 weeks ago but I was never notified.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I sue to have my sprinklers installed since they have already been paid for? I had a house built in February 2011.  The contract and plan stated that a lawn sprinkler system would be included.  I paid full price for the house, but the sprinklers were never installed. The contractor who built the house died a month after the house was built.  I have contacted his son, who's promised to install the sprinklers, but to date he hasn't.  His son says his mother is the owner of the property now.  Can I sue them to have my sprinklers installed since they have already been paid for?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Question regarding a binding document of a judgement for a dissolution of marriage? I have a judgement for dissolution of marriage which was signed by my husband and myself on 2/29/12 but for reasonsa of medical insurance, will not be entered until 12/3/12, our next court date. At this point is it a legal and binding document? Is it considered an order?	Family Questions	Illinois
If a person gives a nick-name when taking the Oath before a procedure, is their testimony still considered? If a person gives a nick-name when taking the Oath before a legal procedure, is their testimony still considered?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a mother legally withhold their child&#39;s social security card from the child? Can a mother legally withhold their child's social security card from the child?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If a sibling has a name on a bank account and the parent passes does the sibling have to share? If a sibling has a name on a bank account and the parent passes does the sibling have to share the money if the will states to equally divide the money?  (The parent did not drive so it made it easier to have the name on the account to do banking for groceries and such)	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
If I recently found out that my ex has been married for the past year, do I still have to pay alimony? I'm currently paying alimony to my ex-wife. If I recently found out that she has been married for the past year, do I still have to pay alimony?	Family Questions	Georgia
If we divorce what is my share of the house property when my name was never on the deed? My wife and I have been married 7 yrs she owned this home and I sold mine and moved in. My name never got on deed but I put all of my money into property. If we divorce what is my share?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
JOL laws I got a ticket for violating my JOL passenger restriction, I went before a magistrate and was denied. I appealed it again and am going before a judge in a week. What is the likelihood my license will be suspended?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
Can store legally sell overlapping warranty? If a product is covered by the manufacturer's warranty is it legal for the store where you purchase the product to sell you another warranty from a company of their choice that covers you for a specified no. of years and it overlaps the mfg. warranty? Shouldn't it start at the end of the mfg. one?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Maryland
What is the most favorable state for child custody for single parent birth mothers? What is the most favorable state for child custody for single parent birth mothers?	Family Questions	Colorado
Can my employer deny me returning to work  after maternity leave? Can my employer deny me returning to work after maternity leave?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How long of a period is the State of New Jersey permitted to provide discovery? How long of a period is the State of New Jersey permitted to provide discovery?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
If I have a boyfriend that his ex took him for spousal support, Would he be considered legally separated? I have a boyfriend that his ex took him to court this past July for spousal support. Would he be considered legally separated? And if we were seen together could she hold that against him in the divorce hearing next month?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Is there any overtime involved if I&#39;m a salary employee avg work 50+ hrs? I'm a salary employee avg work hrs 50+. Is there any overtime involved?	Employment Questions	Florida
What is the law for call off of grievance? What is the law for call off of grievance?	Employment Questions	California
Person works as a teacher at a private school.  Administrator madates attendance at a fundraising event, and requires teacher to pay to attend.  Is that legal?	Employment Questions	California
What rights do I have as a domiciliary parent? I am the domiciliary parent but share a week and a week custody with their mother. What rights do I have?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Louisiana
How long does it take to get council if my son was arrested several times? my son was arrested in July and was out on bond and then he committed another crime and was rearrested and then his first bond was revoked and was arrested again and still has not been given a public defender. How long does it take to get council???	Criminal Questions	Florida
What is needed to prove the lawyer was incompetent during trial of defendant? What is needed to prove the lawyer was incompetent during trial of defendant?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Can I sue an employer if they sent me to a job without letting me know there would be dangerous materials? Can I sue an employer if they sent me to a job at a specific location without letting me know there would be dangerous material there like asbestos?	Employment Questions	California
What evidence should I ask for from the daughter who is asking me to make my payments to her now? The private mortgage holder on my house has died. What evidence should I ask for from the daughter who is asking me to make my payments to her now? I want to make sure I'm making my payments to the right person.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I reopen the case to make the child&#39;s father begin to pay the back he owes me? I had a previous child support order which my child's father modified to pay zero since he was incarcerated.  He owed approx 18000 at that time. Now she is 20 and he is finally out of jail. Can i reopen to make him begin to pay the back he owes me?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Will my mother&#39;s marriage supersede that will if his husband&#39;s ex is still the recipient of his state? My mother is married to a man (for 6 months)who is currently in hospice care, near death. We just found out that his will still has his ex-wife as the recipient of his estate. Will my mothers marriage supersede that will? Does she have any rights or will the es-wife get everything?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can the collection agency take me to court even if I intend to start making payments within 30 days? I'm having a difficult time trying to informed a collection agency (RH Group), for the Advance payday loans Co that I have the intent on resolving a overdue loan. The collection agency is very rude and want the balance now. I'm unemployed at this time but will be working within the next 30 days. They continue to threaten me abut being summons to court. I contacted them on 7/5/12 & 7/6/12. Can they take me to court even if I intend to start making payments within 30 days?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What parental rights does my incarcerated fiancee have if the daughter&#39;s mother moved out of state? My fiancee is currently incarcerated  and his daughter's mother moved the child out of state 10 years ago while he was incarcerated. What parental rights does he have? He's possibly getting paroled very soon.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How to resolve child support that continued for 3 years after the children left the house? Two of my children lived with my sister for 8 months. Unbeknownst to me she file for child support,and allow it to continue to run for 3yrs despite children not living in her household. Now i have outstanding Arrears	Family Questions	Georgia
Do I have a case against my boss if I didn&#39;t perform as well as my other co-workers? I have an open workers comp case.  I was retailated against by my boss.  I was fired because I was not able to perform more than my workers comp work restrictions state.  Do I have a case against her?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What are the different ways I can set up a new small business? What are the different ways I can set up a new small business?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Illinois
Illegal for the landlord to rent a place that is not up to code? We found out that the house we have been renting for the last year and a half, has multiple building code violations. I feel this is a breach of our rental agreement and the Alaska Landlord and Tenant Act. Is it illegal for the landlord to rent a place that is not up to code? And does the Property Management Company have a legal responsibility to make sure the house is up to code? Can we sue for damages?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Alaska
Question regarding problems with a financed car and returning it? Financed a car & returned the car because it was giving me to problems & I already put $1600 into fixing the car & couldn't afford to keep fixing & make payments. The company auctioned car & told me I was responsible for balance, we agreed on monthly payment, I've been paying the payment on time & then  I got a default judgement from court & judgement was set for the finance company so I went to the court to let them know I never got notice of a court hearing and they showed me paperwork saying the finance company said I was personally served But I wasn't so I filed a motion for the default to set aside & the finance company is trying to get me settle outside of court. What should I do? and what can be the outcome if I go to court?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
If we have physical &amp; joint custody, can we move out the state of VA with our children to get a better job? We have physical and joint legal custody of my children. Can we move out the state of VA with our children to get a better job?	Family Questions	Virginia
If my kid&#39;s father got sentenced to four months in family court will he get good time? If my kid's father got sentenced to four months in family court will he get good time which is two and a half months in jail?	Family Questions	New York
In Massachusetts, are hourly employees required to be paid either weekly or bi-weekly? In Massachusetts, are hourly employees required to be paid either weekly or bi-weekly?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is there a minimum decrease in salary pay? I was promoted and my salary was increased.  After 90 days I was demoted back to my original position.  Is there a minimum decrease in salary pay?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If Supercuts damaged my hair and it will take a long time to grow back, is there anything I can do? I went to Supercuts to get highlights and my hair got so damaged it broke off. My hair is all spiky now on top and real short.  It has really stressed me out.  They know they did wrong and sent me a $200.00 certificate and free haircuts for a year.  They really damaged my hair and it will take a long time to grow back.  Is there anything I can do?	Personal Injury Questions	North Carolina
Question regarding My credit impacted by a divorce and I&#39;m unable to lease a car? My credit is impacted by a divorce and I'm unable to lease a car.  My current wife was going to lease the car in her name but the bank is stating even though her credit is great they won't agree to lease because the car is for me?  Do we have any rights?	Consumer Questions	New York
What steps can I take to keep my ex and my daughter in FL if she&#39;s trying to move to PA? My Ex-Girlfriend has decided to get married and wants to take our 4yr old daughter with her to Philadelphia. We currently reside in Jacksonville, FL...I am VERY involved in my child's life and do not want her to be taken from me to move so far. What rights do I have? We do not have any legal documents between us, but we share our time with her equally (depending on her work schedule, then I will have her more, most of the time)...I pay for 75% of her school and she's under my health insurance...what steps can I take to keep her in Florida?	Family Questions	Florida
Brokerage accounts titled to transfer on death part of a decedent&#39;s estate? Are brokerage accounts titled TOD (transfer on death) part of a decedents estate  subject to a claim by a surviving spouse?  IRA accounts with named beneficiaries subject to a claim of a surviving spouse?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If you work 12 hours a day how many days can an employer make you work a week? if you work 12 hours a day how many days can an employer make you work  a week?	Employment Questions	Iowa
Question regarding child support payments for three kids? Im looking at child support payments for 3 kids ages 14, 10 and 6. My understanding is that the first child is 25%, 2nd and 3rd are 5% each additionally.  My question is what happens to the amounts when the first child turns 18?	Family Questions	Minnesota
What can I do and is there some agency I can report them to if the mobile home does not take responsibility? I am renting a mobile home and some repairs need to be made. I made the owners aware of this many times and still nothing. I was informed by them that I was responsible for repairs, but this was between my late husband and them and I have nothing in writing that says I am responsible for any repairs. What can I do and is there some agency I can report them to?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
Question regarding Someone suing my son in California due to a car accident? Someone is suing my son in California due to a car accident.  We have a joint investment account, if they win, can they get the assets in that account?	Personal Injury Questions	Connecticut
What to do if I worked apts complex and got free rent  and was let go and now they want me out? What to do if I worked apts complex and got free rent  and was let go and now they want me out?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can the new entity enforce the terms of said agreement like tank removal fees or penalties? I have a delivery and service agreement with a propane company that was purchased or merged in to another entity. Can the new entity enforce the terms of said agreement i.e tank removal fees or penalties?	Consumer Questions	Connecticut
Question regarding my dad and sister jointly owning property? My dad and sister jointly own  a property.  When my dad passes, my dad's 50% will be split between my sister and myself.  However, when they purchased the property they executed an agreement that gives my sister the right to buy out my 25% share after my dad passes.  Is that legal?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
Can I give up right to my 9-year-old, but keep my 5-year-old? Can I give up right to my 9-year-old, but keep my 5-year-old?	Family Questions	Michigan
Do I have to pay if my daughter was state ward for two years and they charged me $600 a month for her? My daughter was state ward for two years and they charged me 600.00 month for her being locked up.  Do I have to pay this?  Dave	Family Questions	Michigan
What to do if my ex divorced me when I was disabled and broke? My ex divorced me when I was disabled and broke. She hasn't let me see my do in almost three years. I want to see her 3.5 days out of the week.	Family Questions	California
What to do if I separated from domestic partner &amp; refuses to refinance to get my name off the mortgage? My domestic partner and I separated a year and a half ago after 19 years together. He kept the house and I moved out.  He refuses to refinance the home to get my name off the mortgage so i have been paying half the rent. Is there anyway for me to stop paying?	Real Estate Questions	New Mexico
Do I have to report and/or pay taxes on finding 17 pounds of gold on my residential property? In Georgia, do I have to report and/or pay taxes on finding 17 pounds of gold on my residential property? It is worth a little less than a half million. I have tried to find laws on net, but none seem to apply.Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can my employer stop me from joining the new org? I stay in CA and my employer is in Connecticut. I m in H1B visa.I  have a new offer and the new employer has already filed a H1B transfer for which i have received the receipt no. as well. I have been working for my present employer for 9 months However, there is a clause in my offer letter which says if I leave them before 18 months I will have to pay for my relocation, travel and immigration and also the employer is entitled to obtain an injunction to prevent me from violating their laws. Can my employer stop me from joining the new org?	Employment Questions	California
What is the procedure from stopping the city from taking over the land? A house with a deed belonging to my aunt and mother was demolished because of maintenance and property violations. I am interested in keeping the land in the family name. How do I find out if there are any liens or judgments on file for this property and what is the procedure from stopping the city from taking over the land?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If I&#39;m moving out of state with my children, do I need the written consent from the  father notarized? I'm moving out of state with my children. (currently living in NY, moving to CT). Do I need the written consent from the children's father notarized?	Family Questions	New York
Question about inconsistent bi-weekly pay? We have gone from a bi-weekly pay cycle to being paid on the 15th and the 30th of each month.  This pay cycle we are being paid the 30th for the time period on April  - April 20th.  Is there something wrong with this picture; Ten days after the  fact with only 10 days in the period?	Employment Questions	Maryland
How to protect assets from medi-cal? How to protect assets from medi-cal?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How can I get a family off the title if I helped them buy a house and didn&#39;t make payments for 2 years? I help family buy a house by putting $20,000 down. Then they didn't make their payments for 2 years. How can I get them off the title?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Will quitting and taking money from register affect paycheck? If you quit a job and take 60 dollars out of the register, are you still supposed to get paid your paycheck?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Is 14 year old&#39;s legal guardian financially liable for accidents or bad actions? I am the legal guardian of a fourteen year old. Am I financially liable for any accidents or bad actions?	Family Questions,Financial Questions,LawPivot Questions	Idaho
Can your landlord throw you out after you have paid rent? Can your landlord throw you out after you have paid rent?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I need consent from the other parent to move out of state? I receive child support and i am the custodial parent of my child. visiting rights wasn't ordered by the court. Do I need consent from the other parent to move out of state?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a police officer search my apartment if they were given permission by the owners of the house ? Can a police officer search my apartment if they were given permission by the owners of the house?	Criminal Questions	New York
Help with a title transfer for an abandon boat? I need help with a title transfer for an abandon boat?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Do I have to go to their classes or how many classes can just my husband go to? Do I have to go to their classes or how many classes can just my husband go to?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Can we sue for damages if my dog was attacked by an unleashed dog and refuses to pay? My dog was attacked by an unleashed dog. My dog was on a leash. Dog was injured and the dog owner refuses to pay. Can we sue for damages	Personal Injury Questions	New York
What is the legality of class c fireworks in Michigan? What is the legality of class c fireworks in Michigan?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can you get an emancipation from your parents when you turn 16? Can you get an emancipation from your parents when you turn 16?	Family Questions	New York
If you work Monday through Friday can they consider Saturday a regular work day? if you work Monday through Friday can they consider Saturday a regular work day? How many days straight can a company in Illinois work you before you get a day off.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can you help me get my dog back if my ex is holding the dog hostage? Hi, My boyfriend broke up with me yesterday and is keeping my dog. I need help getting her back. He won't let the dog leave his house, but as I am the dog's care giver she should come with me. Can you help me get my dog back?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Is it legal for my boss to change vacation policy? Is it legal for my boss to change vacation policy? I am coming up on ten yrs and should get 4 weeks vacation, but I hear he changed it now. It's 12 yrs before I'm eligible for 4 weeks vacation.	Employment Questions	New Jersey
How does FMLA work in regards to group health insurance? how does FMLA work in regards to group health insurance? I am having serious problems and would like to go  into specifics after I learn how to ask the right questions.	Employment Questions	Florida
Kids and Divorce question? My wife and I are going through a divorce.  She teaches at a private school in Florida where my children also attend and my son is a student in my wife's class.  There is no court order for anything other than alimony and child support.  The administrator at the school is not allowing to have information about my daughter for the class she teaches and I am not being allowed to attend any of my kid's school functions.  I am almost sure that this is not legal.  Maybe you can shed some light on it?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What to do if I stopped paying my HOA cause it has been deteriorating and now they&#39;re suing me? The sub-division I live in for 6 years has been deteriorating, the board is very inefficient so is the property management. So i stopped paying my HOA about 3 years ago, now they hire a lawyer to come after me. What can I do? I'd like to get out of this situation first and counter sue them for slandering and neglecting and mismanaging or get rid off HOA totally. Thank you for your time.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can my healthcare provider drop me with no reason provided and can they charge me this fee after giving such short notice? I have been a patient of my primary doctors office for 20 years.  I have been given less than 2 weeks notice that they will no longer care for me.   It took 4 days to speak with the office manger.  I asked why have they discontinued me and the "only" thing she can tell me is that my physician cannot help me any longer and for no reason given.  I want my records and although they are willing to provide them to another physician, I would be charged 75 cents a page (20+ years-its a novel).  Can they drop me with no reason provided and can they charge me this fee after giving such short notice?  This was their decision to drop me and not mine.	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Should an insurance co pay anything for tree removal if it is going to fall on your garage with a classic car? Should an insurance co pay anything for tree removal if it is going to fall on your garage with a classic car in it valued at 20.000? This is not a dead tree.	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
If you get yelled at in front of  a customer is there something I can do? If you get yelled at in front of  a customer is there something I can do?	Employment Questions	Rhode Island
If your finances have changed, do you need to go in and update your information? If your finances have changed since the 1st and only financial affidavit for child support, do you need to go in and update your information?	Family Questions	Georgia
Help with court-appointed legal guardian suspected of financial abuse. I had a NYC Court-appointed Financial Legal Guardian who I suspect of financial abuse. Mental Hygiene Legal Service-NYC has been of no help. I need legal advice "pro bono," as a NYC resident. Separate from writing my Judge, is there anyone or an organization who can help me with the above?	Family Questions	New York
Question regarding my sister accused of child abuse? My sister is accused of child abuse. The baby is nine months my sister has no previous record. the baby got hurt because she and her boyfriend was in a fight and he has the baby and my sister tried to take her away she accidentally hit her. The father of the child hurt her as well.	Family Questions	California
Is AL code legal authority for each sibling to share in paying the premiums? In the state of Alabama a parent leaves a life tenant to daughter but did not specific who is responsible for property insurance. The other siblings are not willing to pay a share of the premiums.  Is Alabama code-Title 35, Chapter 9, and Section 3.6(e) (l) legal authority for each sibling to share in paying the premiums?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
If I&#39;m taking FMLA time at work, does the employer have a legal right to know why? If I'm taking FMLA time at work, does the employer have a legal right to know why?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Do we only have a certain time frame to file a divorce? In a Florida divorce, my spouse and I have already signed the papers but we haven't filed them yet. Do we only have a certain time frame to file them?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If a vehicle is purchased overseas, is it still taxable? I am currently a US Army soldier stationed in FT Stewart GA. I went the other day to renew my vehicle registration and was told i had to pay an amount of 251.23 dollars. That's higher than i have ever been required to pay. So my question today is- If a vehicle is purchased overseas, is it still taxable? and is this amount a reasonable tax on a 2010 dode caliber?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Do I have the right to the dependent&#39;s benefits that we were receiving while in the home with my husband? I have recently separated from my husband of almost 25 years. I have physical custody of 3 of our minor children. My husband receives social security for a disability and we also receive a monthly benefit being his dependents. My question is do I have the legal right to the dependents benefits that we were receiving while in the home with my husband? As it stands now I receive what he says that he can afford which leaves me with not enough.	Family Questions	Georgia
Is it legal to move out of the state with my children if there is no custody agreement? Is it legal to move out of the state with my children if there is no custody agreement?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Were my rights violated because the cop did not read me my Miranda rights when he was arresting me? Were my rights violated because the cop did not read me my Miranda rights when he was arresting me?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Does a landlord have the right to tell tenants that overnight guests are not permitted? Does a landlord have the right to tell tenants that overnight guests are not permitted? No mention of this was in the lease	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Legal for a doctor to refuse a patient their medication because they missed an appointment or cannot pay? Is it legal for a doctor to refuse a patient he's been seeing for nearly four years their medication because they missed an appointment or cannot pay? And these appointments had nothing to do with my medicine, they were appointments I had made when I wasn't feeling well or needed to ask a question. They had nothing to do with my medicine, yet at least three times the office refused my medicine for missed/canceled appointments - canceled due to my money problems, which I had previously informed them about.Then, forced to go to each unnecessary appointment and unable to pay, the office once again tried to deny me my medication until I paid my balance of $113. Is this legal? Or can they refuse only certain medications for the listed reasons?	Personal Injury Questions	Connecticut
What do I do if my car was under warranty and was supposed to be fixed but caused my motor to blow? I bought a car from a car lot and under the warranty my radiator was supposed to be fixed but it wasn't and it has caused my motor to blow out completely. What do i do?	Consumer Questions	Louisiana
What to do if the father doesn&#39;t pay child support and is in jail? What to do if the father doesn't pay child support and is in jail?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can an employer charge an employee for a stop payment on a lost or stolen check? Can an employer charge an employee for a stop payment on a lost or stolen check?	Employment Questions	California
Can a caregiver accept a donation for her business from one of her clients? Can a caregiver who takes care of the elderly in her own home accept a donation for her business from one of her clients?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Delaware
Question regarding about my 16-year old transgendered son? I have a 16-year old transgendered son.  He is currently residing in a residential facility for troubled youths. Recently we discovered that he was being sexually assaulted for over a year by another child who is 20 yrs old. The staff at the time asleep in a room with the door closed. Recently he began to run away from the facility and I would like to sue them. I need some advice and I need a lawyer.	Criminal Questions	New York
Case if I was recruited by a company and less than 3 months, the company merges and our office is closed? I was recruited by a company, left a good job, and less than 3 months later the company is merged and our office is closed.  Do I have a case?  I would never have left a stable company for this position had I known that they were in danger of closing.	Employment Questions	New Jersey
Do I have the right to take my daughter home if the father institutionalized her cause they don&#39;t get along? I am a mother in Utah who has joint legal custody of a 15 year old daughter. Due to my daughter and her father not getting along, he has had her put in a hospital. In a sense institutionalized. My daughter does not belong there. Do I have the right to take my daughter home?	Family Questions	Utah
If you have joint custody and the child is getting head lice, do you have to take her back to her mom? if you have joint custody of your child and she is always getting head lice do you have to take her back to her mom?	Family Questions	New York
Must employees who work 4 hours get a 15-minute break? Must employees who work 4 hours get a 15-minute break?	Employment Questions	Colorado
If you ever adopted a child out can you ever be awarded custody of another child in PA? If you ever adopted a child out can you ever be awarded custody of another child in PA?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I leave home at 17? Can I leave home at the age of 17 in Georgia?	Family Questions	Georgia
How likely is it for a grandparent to get full custody of a child from their mother in the state of Alabama? How likely is it for a grandparent to get full custody of a child from their mother in the state of Alabama?	Family Questions	Alabama
If my son&#39;s mother passed away and left him everything, What must I do as I have legal custody? My son's mother passed away and left him everything. I have legal custody. What must I do?	Family Questions	Maryland
Which is the superior claim to property: Tax Deed or Adverse Possession? Which is the superior claim to property: Tax Deed or Adverse Possession?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
If grandparents have temporary custody of minor, can father take to counseling without consent of them? if grandparents have temporary custody of minor, can father take to counseling without consent of grandparents?	Family Questions	New Mexico
How do I put a stop to contesting a will if my friend wasn&#39;t competent after repeated failed attempts? I contested a will/trust becasue my friend was not compentant at the time of signing it.  I just did the deposition yesterday. I want to stop contesting it. Because she had given me a IRA not part of the will- It looks like if I win-I lose- they will go after the money she gave me. How do I put a stop to it?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If I claim a child in court does that make me the father of the child? If i claim a child in court does that make me the father of the child?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can a foreign male with no police record and living in the US for 7 years have of obtaining a legal status? What options does a 27-year-old male from Guatemala with no police record and having lived in the USA for the past 7 years have of obtaining a legal status?	Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
Do we as the parents have the right to know the exact nature of the complaint and get a copy? I live in Erie Co, NY. On Monday I found a business card on our step from CPS saying pl calls. My wife was told we needed to meet in the nxt few days. Our appt is 8am Weds at home.  All we know is its re our 4yo daughter and my father.  They asked if she would be in his care in the next 24 hrs. We wonder if she said something "silly" at day care and as mandated a teacher called something in....we are completely lost. They plan to interview our daughter.  My questions are as follows:1) Should we be concerned that they could her from us?2) Do we have the right to know the exact nature of the complaint and get a copy?3) Can I record our conversation?4) Do we have the right to be present during her questionning?5) Any other advice	Family Questions	New York
When is one considered &quot;served&#39; with a legal summons for a civil lawsuit? When is one considered "served' with a legal summons for a civil lawsuit?  What is the criteria?	Consumer Questions	California
Able to call a lock smith and change the locks and enter the property of a tenant who needs to be evicted? I have a tenant in Virginia who's 'Extension Lease Agreement' term is up, and she still won't leave and return the house keys and pay the rest of the rent she owes. We've called her, left her messages and e-mailed her. Her original lease contract expired June 30, 2012. She asked us for an extension from May 1 - July 31, 2012, to give her more time to find another place and move out.My question is, are we able to call a lock smith, have them come out and change the locks and enter the property? We've given her notice and let her stay past her original lease she agreed and signed.Some say I needed to give her a30 day eviction notice, and cannot enter the property because she still 'lives' there.	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
If we get divorced, does my girlfriend get part of my house? My girlfriend wants to get married. i own a house. If we get divorced, does my girlfriend get part of my house?	Real Estate Questions	California
How many non-family members can legally live in a 3-bedroom house in the state of NY? I currently live in a house with friends, and the landlord wants to add more tenants, which we feel there is inadequate room for.  How many non-family members can legally live in a three bedroom house in the state of NY?  Where can I find more about this topic?  Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	New York
If I have a will and a trust done in Ohio, is it recognized by the state of Florida? I have a will and a trust done in Ohio. Is that recognized by the state of Florida?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Who do we take to small claims in a situation if someone cashed the check versus the owner of a boat? Who do we take to small claims court in a situation if someone else cashing the check versus the owner of a boat?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Is it possible to terminate mother&#39;s rights in Illinois? Is it possible to terminate mother's rights in Illinois?	Family Questions	Illinois
If you consent to a good behavior bond out of court, does it go on your criminal history report? If you consent to a good behavior bond out of court, does it go on your criminal history report?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Anything I can do If a person is order to pay child support, but they are not paying the amount? If a person is order to pay child support, but they are not paying the amount that's ordered by the court due to their other case with child support, is there something I can or i can't do about my child support case at all?	Family Questions	Virginia
Anything I can do if my husband is making me work for our adult children even I&#39;m in poor health? My husband continues to help support our 26 and 25-year-old children but even though I have poor health. He will not let me quit work. Is there anything i can do?	Family Questions	North Carolina
A NJ estate law question.  If I&#39;m named in a will to get say 25K and also was put on a bank acount to be paid at death with 50K, am I entitled to all 75K?  Or do I just get the 25K, and the rest goes to the estate? None	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What to do if my child&#39;s father won&#39;t let me take back my daughter when there&#39;s no custody set in court? My daughter and i live in Maryland and I let her father take her to visit her dad in Missouri. I was supposed to fly down and get her and now he won't let me. It has to do with the threats and things he has done. I'm scared for my daughters safety and there hasn't been any custody set in court. What can I do?	Family Questions	Maryland
What is the legal age to move out of your parents home in Colorado? I hear different things from different sites and people about my question. My question is, what is the legal age to move out of your parents home in Colorado?	Family Questions	Colorado
Do I have a lawsuit against a dentist who did a terrible and unsafe job on my son&#39;s teeth? My son had work on his mouth when he was 3 years old, the dentist filed his teeth in the front down and put partials in and said the they would fall out when his teeth came in, they look like they have grown into his new teeth and one tooth is growing from the top of his gum. Do I have a law suit against them?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If I terminate my rights as a parent do I still have to pay child support? If I terminate my rights as a parent do I still have to pay child support?	Family Questions	Florida
Will bank accounts with my daughter and my name only have to be divided with my husband? I've been married 7 years.  Will bank accounts with my 25-year-old daughter and my name only have to be divided with my husband?  If my husband and I want to be civil through the divorce how will division of assets work, can I leave the marriage with what I came with and leave him with his house and all of his assets without conflict?	Family Questions	Missouri
Question regarding my HOA hiring a contractor to do outside concrete work? My HOA hired a contractor to do outside concrete work.  Some of my walls may have to be torn down.  The HOA says I'm liable for work inside my condo as a result.  Are there exceptions?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I legally move back home with my children when I&#39;m divorcing? I am starting the process of divorcing my husband and we have four kids together.  We currently live in Rochester NY.  Neither me or my husband has family has family in this area. My entire family lives in St. Louis and I would like to move to st. Louis with my children. Can I legally move back home with my children?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
If I am in removal proceedings, is it my lawyer&#39;s job to inform me? If I am in removal proceedings, is it my lawyer's job to inform me?  Also, once out of removal proceeding when can I apply for my work visa?	Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
As a construction contractor do I have to charge nc sales tax on my lump sum contracts? As a construction contractor do I have to charge nc sales tax on my lump sum contracts?	Tax Questions	North Carolina
Can I sue hud if they allowed smokers in ssdi apts and I can&#39;t breathe? Can I sue hud if they allowed smokers in ssdi apts and I can't breathe?	Personal Injury Questions	Kentucky
What can I do if my parents borrowed $500 to pay insurance on their house and they won&#39;t pay be back? i am 26 years old. My parents borrowed $500 to pay insurance on their house and they won't pay be back. What can I do?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Can I get a concealed carry charge for gun in a car I wasn&#39;t in? Can I get a concealed carry charge for gun in a car I wasn't in? I also put the gun in the floor in plain sight but it ended up under the seat so I believe it slide there or someone put it there.	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Question regarding late brother and property is in probate since he had no will? My Brother recently passed, and his property is in probate. He had no will, never married, no children, one surviving sibling, 2 deceased siblings.I have been told that his inheritance will be divided into 3rd's. One third will go to the only surviving sibling, and the other two thirds will go to the children of the 2 deceased siblings. Is this possible?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What happens if test proves that he is not my son? We live in Missouri. I had a on again/off again relationship with a woman with a strong history of unfaithfulness. She has 3 children. The oldest is 10/daughter, she says is mine. The middle is 8/daughter, paternity test showed belonged to another man. The youngest is 7/son. I have been told he is mine, however, I have always had doubts. Recent comments from my ex, have led me to ask for a paternity test for the youngest. My name is on the birth certificate and I have paid child support for the oldest and youngest faithfully for years. We were never married. What happens if test proves that he is not my son? Should i get the oldest tested as well?	Family Questions	Missouri
What to do if I was incorrectly terminated from my job? What to do if I was incorrectly terminated from my job?	Employment Questions	New York
What are the laws regarding declining to rent us cause my disabled husband is a liability? I just moved all of my things from my California home to the Oregon coast after signing a rent to own lease agreement. I've had to stay at a local motel for the past few days because the owner needed to finish repairs. Her and I became quite good friends and she now is deciding not to rent to me because of disabled husband. She told me he is a liability. Now I'm wondering what the laws are regarding my situation?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Is it possible for my father to file for temporary custody before my child is born? Is it possible for my father to file for temporary custody before my child is born?	Family Questions	Florida
Do I have to notify unemployment if I was approved for permanent disability? I started collecting unemployment in calif on 1/25/2012 and on 3/9/2012 was notified that I was approved for permanent disability. Do I have to notify unemployment? Do I have to pay back unemployment?	Employment Questions	California
Am I responsible for all subsequent vet bills? My dog bit another dog at a park. I paid the vet bills for the dog that was bitten, but now the dog has licked its stitches out and was taken to the vet again. Am I responsible for all subsequent vet bills?	Personal Injury Questions	Minnesota
By me paying thru Georgia DEFACS what are my rights with child visitation? I have a daughter that lives in Texas with her mother. The mother has filed for state assistance and the state is asking for Georgia to pick up child support. I was paying voluntary child support outside of the court system. My child's mother denies me any all contact with my child. This has gone on for two years. I quit paying due to this. By me paying thru Georgia DEFACS what are my rights with visitation? Or would I have to get legal representation for this?	Family Questions	Georgia
When I get my divorce, will I be entitled to have the equity even if my house is not for sale? I will make this question short & to the point. When I get my divorce, will I be entitled to have the equity even if my house is not for sale? The house is in both our names.	Family Questions	Indiana
Can we keep the trust or do we have to do a new trust for each of us? my husband and I are wanting to get a divorce in Hawaii and we have a trust.  We would like the trust to remain the same for our children but we want each of us to have one property.  Can we keep the trust or do we have to do a new trust for each of us?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Hawaii
If a minor wants to leave her parents domicile due to negativity, can she leave without parental consent? If a minor (Age 17), wants to leave her parents domicile due to reasons of intense household negativity, and has another place lined up to live at, can she leave without parental consent? If not, is it something the courts can establish without having to go through the emancipation process?	Family Questions	Oregon
Can the IRS freeze my accounts to get their money or is this money exempt because it is from disability? I just received a social security disability determination of $19,000 for back disability income. I will be receiving disability payments of $1,432 a month from now on. My question is I owe the IRS $11,000 in back taxes from 2005 & 2007. can they freeze my accounts to get their money or is this money exempt because it is from disability? And if they can how do I go about trying to make a deal with them to pay this money back?	Personal Injury Questions	Massachusetts
Do I have a right to go home if my husband is divorcing and his name on the deed? After being away on a 4 month trip, my Husband of 7 years has locked me out of home. Only  His name on deed. He is divorcing me.  Do I have a right to go home?	Family Questions	Maryland
Can a landlord charge a 5 day notice fee on top of a late charge fee? Can a landlord charge a 5 day notice fee on top of a late charge fee?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
Can your employer say you don&#39;t get the break until all work Is done? In the state of Kansas is it your legal right to take a break from work with a 6 hr shift? Can your employer say you don't get the break until all work Is done? Even if it's after working 5 hrs? Also in an barber shop/beauty shop industry is it legal to not tell customers they have a time limit with their service & then cut the hours of the employee, write them up, &/or  threaten them with this if they don't finish the service in that amount of time. Weather or not it's the client being picky, asking for something difficult, or a child moving & it taking longer to make sure they are safe. They provide no training for this. Your not allowed to rush the customer or give a poor service to be sure it's quick.	Employment Questions	Kansas
What is the little white sign on top of my driveway mean? What is the little white sign on top of my driveway mean?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If there is no report &amp; I asked the judge for dismissal and he said no I had to get a Public Defender? If there is no Police Report and I asked the judge for dismissal and he said no I had to get a Public Defender?	Criminal Questions	Hawaii
Can I modify my spousal support if I&#39;ve been paying for 21 years? I've been paying spousal support for 21 years and I'm tired of it. can I modify or rid myself of this burden?	Family Questions	Alabama
Are landlords able to charge us on our income taxes if we break the lease for any reason? My name is Nicole. We moved into this mobile home in April and our lease is not up until next April.  Things were promised to be fixed in 2-3 weeks after we moved in but when it rains we have leaks in the wall and water damage.  Our refrigerator that the landlord provided us the doors are held on with electrical tape. The landlord also lets his kids ride lawnmowers and cut the grass  and they run over stuff. They almost ran over my dog.We want to move out and we already have a apartment ready to move in on Friday. But the landlords assistant said that if we move,   they will charge us a 14% interest rate on our income taxes. Are they allowed to do that?    We don't want our money back we just want to move out of this trailer.	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Am I entitled to any of the property that my ex got when his father died? my husband and i are getting divorced after 23yrs of marriage. He got a lot of property willed to him when his father died. Am I entitled to any of the said property?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
If claiming a person as a dependent who owes arrears to the state cause you to lose state refund? If claiming a person as a dependent who owes arrears to the state cause you to lose state refund?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Why do a legal separation? Why do a legal separation?	Family Questions	California
IS IT legal for a landlord to not call you and then put fees you allegedly owe into collection? IS IT legal for a landlord to not send you anything in writing or call you and then put fees you allegedly owe into collection?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Carolina
What is court code 43100 &amp; 43470? What is court code 43100 & 43470?	Criminal Questions	California
Possible if I got married in July &amp; want to get divorced before Dec so my parents won&#39;t find out due to taxes? I got married in July and want to get divorced before December so my parents won't find out due to taxes. Is this at all possible ?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can you be fired for having a medical issue that requires testing in a hospital? Can you be fired for having a medical issue that requires testing in a hospital, missing 3 days of work after a 3 week employment?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Fair for the insurance company to deem your car a total loss after a hit and run accident if it&#39;s drivable? Is it fair for the insurance company to deem your car a total loss after a hit and run accident on full coverage insurance if the car is still drivable?	Consumer Questions	Florida
How can we get our boys out of DSS custody in the most timely and conservative way? My husband and I have two boys that have been in DSS Custody in Salisbury, NC  and we have been doing everything they have asked us to do and this has been going on since Dec. 2010 and we can't seem to get anywhere with this.  How can we do this in the most timely and conservative way?We have one that is in kinship with his grandparents and he is 6 yrs. old  and they live here in Salisbury also the other one is in South Carolina in New Hope and he is down there working on getting his life together.  They are very smart boys and have a lot of anger and mental disabilities because of anger and mental abuse from both sides of their families.	Family Questions	North Carolina
Legal if I was fired and my employer won&#39;t pay for my accrued vacation time? I was recently fired a week before my annual employment date. I worked there since July 6, 2008 to June 25, 2012. I have accrued vacation time and the physician said he will not pay me for it. Also the Physician's wife, who is not employed there fired me. Is this legal and should I push for my accrued vacation pay?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
Should I have to pay $60 for a seminar if they didn&#39;t mention the price upfront? I saw a motivational seminar advertised in the local paper. I thought it would be good so I went. In the paper it didn't state a price and even at the seminar they never mentioned a price. When they got done and we started to leave they told us there was a charge of 60 dollars. Should I have had to pay that?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What are his and her legal boundaries for separation and to live separately? My sister is a home owner, with the property under her name only. She's been married 24 years. Her husband who is unemployed wants to separate and says he will move out when he gets money. She pays the mortgage, pays the bills and supports her kids. She wants to fulfill her husbands wish and separate. Her husband may never get a job and leave the house, can she ask him to leave regardless? What are his and her legal boundaries for separation and to live separately? Is it her responsibility to pay for his room and board and for how long, can she ask him to move out and bear his own expense? Please advise. Thank you.	Family Questions	California
Bank sent collection agency my bank activity for garnishment. My pay check is being garnished for student loans.  My bank sent me a letter saying they received a subpoena to watch my account and send the collection agency my bank activity.  What can they do?  The garnishment is a judgment filed in court.	Litigation Law Questions	New York
What to do if expenses for a government funded job went overboard and no on will pay? my employer is a contractor on a recent government funded job in Lockport, NY. After calling 811 for a safe dig, a rep. came to site measured out safe dig no#s and the crew started the dig. The measurements were way off causing major problems. The extra work, time and man power reached expenses upward of $17,000.00. A bill was submitted and the town of Lockport  will not pay a dime . what can we do?	Employment Questions	New York
Is a notary acceptable for one of the witness signatures when making a will in Alabama? Is a notary acceptable for one of the witness signatures when making a will in Alabama?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
Can my husband get shared custody of our child if he moved out with a female roommate? Can my husband get shared custody of our six year old daughter if he moved out with a female roommate and has a lot of people over on the weekends and also has a girlfriend who probably lives there with him? We're not legally divorced yet nor has any paperwork been started.  regarding chil	Family Questions	California
Can my sister&#39;s landlord refuse to give her all her storage pods and belongings? My sister was evicted form her Blackburg, SC home. The landlord will not let her retrieve her personal belongings.  He said that she can have one of her storage pods but he was going to keep one of the pods. Can he do that?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
I have a verbal monthly agreement with my tenant. He did not change utilities in his name. Tenant is behind on first month&#39;s rent. Tenant avoids landlord, someone says they are not there or never answers calls. Without a contract, what options exist to get tenant out?	Leasing Questions	North Carolina
What documents are needed for purchasing a vehicle from a private individual? What documents are needed for purchasing a vehicle from a private individual and what documents I will need when transferring the title and registration?	Consumer Questions	California
If I signed a pre-nup and my husband has no will what will happen to me? I'm a resident in Oregon. I signed a pre-nup. My husband has no will what will happen to me?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
In chapter 13 is there a time limit in a 3-year plan to enter a modification on your scheduled declaration? In chapter 13 is there a time limit  in a 3 year plan to enter a modification on your scheduled declaration sheet or are you denied due to time restraint? ken	Family Questions	Michigan
Can I sue my dad&#39;s company for all of problems they have misled me as not the beneficiary? My dad died in 1991 and he told me I would be the beneficiary. I had been calling off and on about it and the company has been telling me for 21 years that I couldn't get anything because my mom died first and she is the only one to get the life benefit. Just a week ago I asked them to send me a copy of the sole heir of the benefit and come to find out that I am the beneficial of the benefit but they had my social security # wrong on claim. can i sue them for all of this problems they have put me through for all these years?	Family Questions	Georgia
What are my rights if I am in a no lease house and will be late on rent? I am in a no lease house and will be late on rent.  What are my rights at this time?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Is it law that a landlord has to put new carpeting and paint every three years? Is it law that a landlord has to put new carpeting and paint every three years?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How can my son obtain representation when he is on medical and lives in a group home? My son is on medical and lives in a group home. How can he obtain representation?	Family Questions	California
When I turn 16, would I be able to move out of my parent&#39;s home with a guardian 18 or older? When I turn 16 years old, would I be able to move out of my parent's home and into another place with a guardian 18 or older without consent?	Family Questions	New York
Can the state of AR be sued for violating the fcra by showing the expiration date on my credit card receipt? Can the state of Arkansas be sued for violating the fcra by showing the expiration date on my credit card receipt?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Arkansas
How can we handle the situation if the prospective tenants are suing us for not giving their security deposit back since they found a new residence? On 1/8/2012, we told our prospective tenants that they could move in on the 15th. Then they told us that their old lease expires on 1/30/2012, so I told them that they could move in on the 1/28 if they wanted to and have the lease start then. We made a verbal agreement and collected a security deposit.  They are now suing because they want their security deposit back since they found a new residence. How would this situation be handled?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
If one parent has temporary custody for a year due to an pfa can that parent move out of the city? If one parent has temporary custody for a year due to an pfa can that parent move out of the city?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if my employment was terminated and there&#39;s a few issues with it? My employment was terminated because of the sale of the company. I was told new owners would rehire. For over 3 weeks prior to the new owners taking over, I was never approached by them in writing or verbally as to my new capacity with the new company. I came to work the 1st day of new ownership as instructed with the expectation of being told what my new duties would be and to fill out paperwork for a new hire. None of this happened. I left after 1/2 day. 2 determinations by the Unemployment agency backed up my claim, but the 3rd by phone conference with a judge went to the previous employer. The decision was based on my quitting the job.	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can I collect unemployment if I have been cut to 7.5 per week? I live in FL and collect SS.  I have also worked for the same company for 10 years. If I make over a certain amount, my SS gets cut so I limit myself to 21 hours per week. But now I have been cut to 7.5 per week.  Can I collect unemployment?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can an employer terminate your employment for missing work when you are sick? Can an employer write you a reprimand or terminate your employment for missing work when you are sick and have a Doctor's note not to be at work?	Employment Questions	Florida
Employer take away housing allowance after  entering into a new lease thinking it would be available? Can an employer take away housing allowance after you have entered into a new lease thinking this money would be available?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
Is there a law that if you care for someone they need to sign a paper for taking care of them? My Grandma asked me to take care of her as she was in Hospital. She said Verbally she is paying me.Is there a law that if you care for someone they need to sign a paper for taking care of them?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Responsible for paying deductible for my employer&#39;s vehicle even if accident happened on company time? Am I responsible for paying the deductible for my employer's vehicle even if the accident happened on company time?	Employment Questions	Delaware
If my daughter leaves home without my consent is there anything i can do to make her come back home? If my 17-year-old daughter leaves home without my consent (but I know where she is) is there anything I can do to make her come back home?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I download a POA form from the computer since my autistic son can&#39;t sign his name? My son will be 19 this month and he is autistic and gets his medical from the state. He cannot write his name or speak  and the state is saying I need a power of attorney to be able to speak for him or they can't tell me anything about his medical. Can I download one of these from the computer or since he can't sign his name or do I have to get this done through an attorney? Dorothy Castaneda	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Question regarding a seven year discrepancy in my working years at a large hmo? There was a seven year discrepancy in my working years at a large hmo in sac area. 77 days after i retired i find out that i will get less that half of what i was told i would receive. I am at present contesting this with my employer but six months have gone by and the only response i get is they are "working on it."	Employment Questions	California
If a tractor trailer hits my car &amp; their insurance puts down that it&#39;s total, then who would pay for me to get another car? If a tractor trailer hits my car & their insurance puts down that it's total, then who would pay for me to get another car? My insurance or the other driver's insurance? How will I know what the limit is on another car?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
How do you file a denial of lunch suit against your employer? How do you file a denial of lunch suit against your employer? i was terminated for arguing with a fellow manager which I've seen other do without any actin taken against them some only get writes up i got terminated do i have any legal recourse when they aren't treating every situation the same more to it but simple version thanks	Employment Questions	Oregon
Can a bank force a family member to pay for a debt  left by deceased parent? Can a bank force a family member to pay for a debt  left by deceased parent?	Real Estate Questions	California
How do I remove my girlfriend out of my house when she&#39;s not on the deed or the mortgage? I bought a house 7 months ago and my girlfriend and her kids moved in with us. Well after 7 months things are not working out and now I want her to leave. She is not on the deed or the motgage. We live in Mass.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What to do if I was pulled over for speeding and did not have a updated insurance card in my vehicle? I was originally pulled over for speeding and did not have a updated insurance card in my vehicle. I was told by the police officer that I was not getting a ticket for speeding but was for not having proof of insurance. When I went today to show proof to have the ticket dismissed I was told that on the original ticket filled out it said in the speeding area that I was doing 35 in a 20 mph but on my copy it did not blew through or imprint what so ever. They informed at the city clerk that the city attorney has added on the speeding ticket. Do I have a shot at pleading not guilty and winning or should I just plead guilty and pay the fine?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
What are my rights if I have been living at my house for 17 years? I've been living in this house for 17 years. My landlord never had a key. He's selling the property and asked me for a copy of the keys. I have 1.5 months left on my lease. What are my rights?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Can a parent of a 14-year-old American citizen force them to leave the country? Can a parent of a 14-year-old American citizen force them to leave the country and live with relatives?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Rental company refuses to return deposit after canceling contract. I signed a contract on 09/04/11 to rent a building on 09/01/12. In the city of Orlando, FL, I canceled my contract on 09/17/11. The company would not return my deposit. What is the time limit before contract take effect? The contract states the deposit must be in by 11/02/11. I paid in advance.	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Can you subpoena phone records on your own or does a lawyer need to do it? Can you subpoena phone records or any other documents on your own or does a lawyer need to do it?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can I legally keep the dog that my spouse bought as a gift but moved out? if a pet was given as a gift but the spouse moved out and did not take gift (dog), can I legally keep dog?	Family Questions	Virginia
Am I allowed to take money out of my ex&#39;s account to pay the taxes since I am still on the account? I recently went through a divorce. My ex-husband had an investment account that I was on while we were married. I am now getting a tax bill. I called the investment account to get the cost basis information for these investments, but they won't tell me because the stocks were bought before I was on the account and I found out that I am still on the account. Our divorce stated this money was his, but I was told by the IRS that I am still liable for the taxes while we were married and even now since my name is on the account. My question is what are my options?  I cannot get off the account without my ex-husbands signature. Am I allowed to take money out of this account to pay the taxes since I am still on the account?	Family Questions	Ohio
By the Facebook post on that page did I overstep my freedom of speech rights and cannot be held liable? It looks as if I may have an issue with some of my city officials, the mayor and city manager to be exact. Local police and fire personnel have not been given a pay increase in over 4 years and they say it's because there has been no increase in cost of living. I created a Facebook page, the page is " support Tallapoosa police and fire personnel, if you need to see details. My question is by the post on that page did I overstep my freedom of speech rights and cannot be held liable?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
What to do if my ex wants half my part of late father&#39;s estate when he died July 18 and I divorced in June? My husband and I separated in June. Tragically my Daddy died July 18. My ex wants half my part of my Dad's estate. That's not right by any means. Is there anything I can do?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can a mortgage company put you on a loan as a co-signer without your permission or signature? Can a mortgage company put you on a loan as a co signer without your permission or signature?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What is Habeas Corpus? What is Habeas Corpus?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
How do I attain the proper paperwork to relinquish my  rights to my child? How do I attain the proper paperwork to relinquish my  rights to my child?	Family Questions	Texas
If we open my late&#39; brother&#39;s estate will all of his creditors make a claim against the estate? My brother who lived in New Hampshire passed away in June without a will.  He owed IRS, back property taxes, lot rent, the hospital, phone company, and many others.  It appears that his assets are much less than debts.  We paid for his cremation.  If we open his estate will all of his creditors have an opportunity to make a claim against the estate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New Hampshire
Is it legal for me to pick my child up from day care to spend time with me? i have a child with a woman. We have no court ordered custody or anything. We have never even been to court. Is it legal for me to pick my child up from day care to spend time with me?	Family Questions	California
How much time by law do we have to vacate? My boyfriend and I were hired for a company and was given housing as well.  Unfortunately I was fired and have to vacate the premises.  on the other hand he still has job but he is being forced to leave too because we are a couple. By housing authority law is the company allowed to do that?  How much time by law do we have to vacate?	Employment Questions	Oklahoma
Is it legal if my company switched me to salary with false info? I was given anemployee handbookto sign, under the impression I was an hourly employee (I have been at my job for almost two years).  Two weeks later, without notifying me, my company switched me to salary, meaning I signed a handbook with false information (I only knew because I opened my check).  I work in Massachusetts, and my corporate office is in New York.  Is this legal? What can I do to be moved back to hourly?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What can we do to get inside to remove my late grandmother&#39;s belongings? We believe that my grandma's landlord has been going into the home where she has lived for over 14 years.  We have been trying to gain access to the property to look for vital records while she was in a nursing home. He has repeatedly called the police to monitor what we are doing while we are present.  We still have not found the documents we need.  And we would like to remove her belonging from the property.  The rent is paid until the end of the month.  He has denied us access for two week, he even changed the locks.  What can we do to get inside to remove her belongings? she passed away this morning.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If the state sends my employer&#39;s paperwork do they have to pay the full amount? I have to pay child support Massachusetts. if the state sends my employer's paperwork do they have to pay the full amount?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
What is the difference between divorce and separation? What is the difference between divorce and separation?	Family Questions	Georgia
How can I visit the USA on a student visa? I'm a Nigerian with a Russian student visa and I want to visit the USA for vacation to Disney World what do I need to do?	Immigration Questions	Florida
Can I as a father who have joint custody file for child support even though the mother file for child support? Can I as a father who have joint custody file for child support even though the mother file for child support also?	Family Questions	New York
If a father is paying a mother child support, should he mail or bring it to the mother? If a father is paying a mother child support, should he mail or bring to the mother? Or does the mother go and pick it up?	Family Questions	California
Can a woman get child support from her husband if he is not providing for the household the child is in? Can a woman get child support from her husband if he is not providing for the household the child is in?	Family Questions	Virginia
What time is curfew for teens in Baker, Florida? What time is curfew for teens in Baker, Florida?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
I am wanting to copyright a t-shirt print.  I have checked several web sites to see if this one has already been printed and I have not found a matching one.  How do I know that this t-shirt doesn&#39;t already exist?	Copyright Questions,Trademark Questions	Texas
True for my employer not to pay overtime until I hit 56 hours? my employer says he does not have to pay me overtime until I hit 56 hours a week because I work 7 days a week. Is this true?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can my husband get full custody of my newborn daughter because he&#39;s in the military? Can my husband get full custody of my newborn daughter because he's in the military?	Family Questions	California
Maximum allowed to charge a tenant in late payments and penalties for non-payment of rent for 5 months? As a landlord, what is the maximum allowed to charge a tenant in late payments, fees and penalties for non payment of rent for 5 months?	Real Estate Questions	California
Will my unemployed husband get half of my investment portfolio, 401k, the house and  support? My husband is and has been unemployed for 2 years and has HEPC.  I have paid the mortgage, insurance, the down payment on our cars and all major expenses.  Will he get half of my investment portfolio, 401k, the house and  support?	Family Questions	Colorado
If I use superheroes in my picture book only as toys, is it fair use or its a infringement to Marvel? I have used Superheroes (Spiderman, Iron-man and Super-man) in my picture book. My main protagonist takes this Superhero toys to school in his surprise box for Show and Tell during circle time. The Superheroes are not interacting with anyone in the story cause they are used as toys. Does this comes under fair use or its a infringement to Marvel?	Privacy Questions	Missouri
Is it considered served when a process server leaves paperwork on the ground outside a residence gate? Is it considered legally served when a process server leaves paperwork on the ground outside a residence gate?	Consumer Questions	California
Grounds for change of circumstance when one custodial parent has the kids failing school? is the custodial parent working two job and the kids failing school enough for the non custodial parent to have grounds for a change of circumstance	Family Questions	New York
How long does my ex-landlord have to give me back my security deposit? How long does my ex-landlord have to give me back my security deposit?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I bought a car and the title was not given to me, can I return the car legally and stop payment on check? If I bought a car and the title was not given to me ,can I return the car legally and stop payment on check even though I have the vehicle in my possession?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What should I do if my ex is falsely saying my son does not live with me and going for fraud? My son is 18 years old and lives with me (his mother) and his father still pays support. But he is trying to say my son does not live with me and wants to take me to court again to get me for fraud. What should I do?	Family Questions	New York
How can I set up a company in Delaware? How can I set up a company in Delaware?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding injuring my shoulder in April &amp; under the job&#39;s workers comp? i injured my shoulder in April and I'm still having problems with it. how long do i have to get this taken care of under the job's workers comp? what do i do to get more care for my shoulder?	Employment Questions	Indiana
True that I need to get an entertainment license as a go-go dancer? I am a go-go dancer in NJ and was just told by my work i need to get a entertainment licenses. Is this true in NJ?	Employment Questions	California
Can a company work employees 14 days straight and make days that we are off mandatory? Can a company work employees fourteen days straight with no off days and make days that we are off mandatory? Keep in mind we work ten hour shifts and only get ten minute breaks. This cannot be right!!	Employment Questions	Georgia
What recourse do I have if the landlord doesn&#39;t actually own the property but his father does? I have just found out that my landlord that I have been renting from for the last year and a half actually does not own the property but his father does.  His father called to inform me that he was not supposed to be renting out the property and was supposed to be living their and that he has not saw one penny of the rent I have paid in this time.  The father wants to meet with me to discuss the situation because he is thinking of selling the property, I had just signed a new lease with the son....What recourse do I have?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal if I paid a debt &amp; they are stating that they can&#39;t send me proof of payment in writing for 30 days? I paid a debt with a bank with a credit card and they are stating that they can't send me proof of payment in writing for 30 days. Is this legal?	Consumer Questions	California
If I get evicted how much time do I get to move in Texas? If I get evicted how much time do I get to move in Texas?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
In a usual Fl probate case is the final accounting and estate tax return included in the statute? In a usual Fl probate case is the final accounting and estate tax return included in the statute?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can I legally discard items left in apartment and cleanup and re-rent immediately? A tenant was allowed to break lease due extended unemployment and they mentioned a date 2-3 weeks in the future but moved out overnight leaving items behind (i.e. couches, chairs, bed springs, chests of drawers) and dropped the apt. keys in door slot at office. No note; no return phone contact. Q: Can I legally discard items left in apartment; cleanup and re-rent immediately?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
how do I contact the labor board? how do I contact the labor board?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If my child dropped out of high school, Am I still responsible for making child support payments? My child dropped out of high school at the age of 17. Am I still responsible for making child support payments? Elizabethton, TN.	Family Questions	Tennessee
Is is illegal for an employer require you to work off the clock ? Is is illegal to for an employer require you  to work off the clock ?	Employment Questions	Florida
What can I do to make my coworker help me pay for crashing my car since i don&#39;t have car insurance? My coworker crashed my car. Now she won't even help me pay. I didn't have car insurance. What can I do to make her help me pay?	Personal Injury Questions	Nevada
Legal to fire an employee after getting in a car accident &amp; not being able to show up to work? Is it legal to fire an employee after getting in a car accident and not being able to show up to work due to medical issues?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is it legal to make a certified nursing assistant work more than 8 hours a day? Is it legal to make a certified nursing assistant work more than 8 hours a day?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can I be charged with criminal trespassing when late with rent 26 days? Can I be charged with criminal trespassing when late with rent 26 days?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Is there anything I can do to get the amount reduced so I have a place to live and necessary medicine? Paying reduced amount of support due to providing all visitation transportation (20 miles each way). Husband wants to raise it to the max ($98/wk). I am a diabetic and have to have thyroid medication. About $90/mo for prescriptions. Rent $490. Utilities$150/mo, health ins $80/mo. Gas and food with whatever is left over (make $10/hr) Is there anything I can do to get it reduced so I have a place to live and necessary medicine? He has not had a long term job in over 6 years. I am working. He is living in our old home until they evict him due to the foreclosure. Please advise. Thank you.	Family Questions	New York
How do I get the insurance company of the man who hit me to take responsibility? I was in an auto accident last Friday. The man that hit me was at fault and given a ticket. An eye witness stopped and made a statement to the officer as well. The man did have insurance but I didn't. How do I get his insurance company to take responsibility? What are my rights?	Personal Injury Questions	Texas
How can someone sue me for slander when I was trying to protect my son from possible molestation? How can someone sue me for slander when all  I was trying to do is protect my son from possible child molestation by taking him to get checked  out from his doctor? They told me it needed to be reported to the police and so i did so. and now there is threats towards me to be sued.	Family Questions	California
Can you return a used car with no warranty and get your down payment back? Can you return a used car to a "buy here pay here" dealer with no warranty and get your down payment back?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
What to do if I was punched and choked by a friend who I was mediating for? What to do if I was punched and choked by a friend who I was mediating for?	Criminal Questions	Texas
What does &quot;notice of non-setting of trial&quot; mean? What does "notice of non-setting of trial" mean?	Family Questions	California
Can there be an increase for my ex to pay more child support to me? Can there be an increase for my ex to pay more child support to me, and for all the years before that he never paid?	Family Questions	Arkansas
If a provision in a union contract addressing workers compensation and the workers compensation law changes after the contract provision is in place, does the contract or the state law take precedence? If a provision in a union contract addressing workers compensation and the workers compensation law changes after the contract provision is in place, does the contract or the state law take precedence?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Does writing &quot;job completion&quot; on a check carry the same legal weight as &quot;paid in full&quot;? Does writing "job completion" on a check carry the same legal weight as "paid in full"?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Are we liable to pay for our neighbor&#39;s medical bills if she sues us for a dog bite? My neighbor rang the doorbell so I opened the door and at the same time she opened the screen door and my dog came out.  Soon afterwards, she went to the ER saying she was bit twice. She told my husband later that day that the ER only gave her tetanus shoot.  She wants us to pay all medical bills and we feel she might sue us for emotional stress.   My questions are we liable to pay for her medical bills if she sues us?  And, if we go ahead and decide to pay her medical bills can we make her sign and document that says she will not sue for any other complications due to the dog incident.   If we do have her sign and date a document would we have to get it notarizes to be legal?	Personal Injury Questions	Indiana
If you have two kids by the same mother when does the child support decrease? In the state of Georgia, if you have two kids by the same mother when does the child support decrease?	Family Questions	Georgia
How to prove innocence in domestic assault and brandishing? I need advice on domestic assault and brandishing. I need to be proven innocent of this crime and I need all the information I can get on the crime.How to be proven innocent? What steps i have to make to be proven innocent? The so called victim is not making sense in the statement and the statement is not true but in the court's eyes. What do i do?	Criminal Questions,Legal Questions	West Virginia
If I want a divorce and my husband won&#39;t sign the papers can I still get it without him signing? If I want a divorce and my husband won't sign the papers can I still get it without him signing?	Family Questions	California
If I go to work an hour early and decide to start working, is my employer obligated to pay me? If I go to work an hour early and decide to start working, is my employer obligated to pay me?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If I was to do a living trust and leave everything to my brother as well as my kids could that be legal? I have legal custody of my kids. If I was to do a living trust and leave everything to my brother as well as my kids could that be legal or would my ex get the kids?	Family Questions	California
If my house is foreclosed on am I still responsible for past due property taxes? If my house is foreclosed on am I still responsible for past due property taxes?	Real Estate Questions	California
Would it be best if I put myself on child support if the mother won&#39;t let me see her? Hi, I'm a father of an 1-year-old girl and her mother wont let me see or talk to her. Would it be best if I put myself on child support?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
What&#39;s the turn around time to fix in a rental property? In the state of florida if the ac is broken in a rental property how quickly is the owner required to fix it?	Leasing Questions	Florida
Are there waiver forms for court fees? Are there waiver forms for court fees?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Is there case for FMLA if no FMLA papers signed? I have been on short term disability since July 15th 2011 and I am supposed to return to my job by October 5th. If I do not return i will be terminated.But on September 26th I have to go in for surgery and will be out 4 to 6 weeks. I have not received papers for FMLA or filled any out. I have not been told that I needed to. They said it runs together. But the handbook does not state that. So do I have a case for FMLA since i have not signed any papers for FMLA?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What to do if I moved to a different city, yet same county &amp; I feel that my cellphone is being invaded ? I moved to a different city, yet same county. I feel that my cellphone is being invaded.	Employment Questions	California
Can they just kick me out on the streets even though I pay rent? I pay rent to live at a structured living facility that I was also a client at. They specialize in Addictions and related disorders. They have given me two hours to vacate my apartment without notification due to unjust reasons. What are my rights as a tenant there? Can they just kick me out on the streets even though I pay rent? How long until I have to vacate?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How can I take child custody rights from my husband whom is incarcerated? How can I take child custody rights from my husband whom is incarcerated in Arkansas department of corrections prison?	Family Questions	Arkansas
What does it mean judgment must address spousal support for petitioner (i.e. reserve or terminate)?	Family Questions	California
If child is emancipated by his father through a court, can his father still claim him as a dependent on taxes? Does anyone know if a child is emancipated by his father through a court, can his father still claim him as a dependent on taxes?  I pay for most of my son's college and living expenses.  He lives with me and I filled out the FAFSA for my son.  I give him over $19,000.00 for school and living expenses per year.  My ex gives him $3,000.00.  My ex is threatening to take me to court because he says that we should be alternating the dependents.  My son is not getting support from his dad except for the 3 thousand for school.  Our agreement reads alternating the dependents til there aren't any left.  My son is not on the decree anymore.  He was emancipated.  What do you think?	Family Questions	California
If an employee is paid plus a sales commission, is the employer obligated to pay overtime? In the state of Florida, if an employee is paid on an hourly rate plus a sales commission, is the employer obligated to pay overtime?	Employment Questions	Florida
How to add a 2 person to a 1 person car title or contract? How to add a 2 person to a 1 person car title or contract?	Consumer Questions	California
I filed chapter 7 bankruptcy. Can they take my tax refund? I filed chapter 7 bankruptcy. Can they take my tax refund?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
What can I do if my daughter&#39;s father took her for a visit and has not returned her? My daughter's father took her for a visit and has not returned her. What can I do?	Family Questions	New York
Can my grandmother sue the estate for not holding up their end of the bargain? My grandmother is being evicted from her condo in Florida because her deceased husband's estate has not paid any taxes to the state/county. Can she sue the estate for not holding up their end of the bargain	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Who is responsible for spraying for spiders in a tenant&#39;s dwelling: the tenant or the landlord? Who is responsible for spraying for spiders in a tenant's dwelling: the tenant or the landlord?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Appeal a judgement that was brought against me for wrongfully serving someone with no intent done? Can I appeal a judgement that was brought against me for $5,000 for wrongfully serving someone with no intent done? It was a mistake in Fairfax County Courts.	Consumer Questions	Virginia
If someone loses their license, can they go to another state then and get license in that state? If someone loses their license for 1 year can they go to another state then and get license in that state?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a company hold your check for any reason? Can a company hold your check for any reason? If you have a written request to release that check to someone else do they have the right to hold it from them?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
What do I do if I bought a sandwich from a Walmart that i eat then found plastic or rubber in the sandwich? What do I do if I bought a sandwich from a Walmart that i eat then found plastic or rubber in the sandwich?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Meaning of receiving a court document of a chapter 7 bankruptcy being closed without a discharge? I work for the bankruptcy department at a loan company and received a court document of a chapter 7 bankruptcy being closed without a discharge. What would this mean?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What to do if I have a collection trying to get a large amount of money from me for a debt I don&#39;t have? I have a collection company trying to get a large amount of money from me for a debt I don't believe I have and they won't give me any information or proof of it. They just keep telling me I must pay this large amount quickly. What should I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
Is there such a thing called Palimony in NY state? Is there such a thing called Palimony in NY state? 14 years together and we have  an 11-year-old living in one (of many) apt building all this time.	Family Questions	California
Should a person rent out a house that has a strong smell of mold or mildew? Should a person rent out a house that has a strong smell of mold or mildew? My husband has a coworker who wanted to rent us a house. My husband and I had a chance to tour the home last Friday. There was black marks on most of the walls and a very strong smell of mold or mildew throughout the house. My husband's coworker swears there is nothing wrong with the house, but I disagree because both my husband and I felt sick after being in that home. Now this woman is upset with us because we refuse to rent the house and she is refusing to give us back the $200 that my husband gave her as a good faith offering that we would rent the house depending on what we thought of the house after taking a tour of the place.	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
If I am out on bond on PR can I move to a different state? I live in the SC state. If I am out on bond on PR can I move to a different state?	Criminal Questions	South Carolina
If I am renting a home and a tree falls on my car who is responsible to fix the damages? If I am renting a home and a tree falls on my car who is responsible to fix the damages? My car insurance  or the landlords home owners insurance?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If my friend who&#39;s dying of cancer marries, would all his assets go to me or what he originally stated in will? I have a friend who is dying of cancer.  He has left me a copy of his wife.  He has another woman who is trying to get him to get married.  If he marries her, would all his assets go to me or what he has originally stated in his will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Arkansas
Rights for moving costs, current/past rent if I take a temporary furnished rental? I currently have a one year rental agreement that ends in Oct.  I am renting a free standing building (a converted barn) located on the same property as the landlord's home.  He recently told me that he does not have an occupancy permit and has to have perc tests, the septic redone, etc. and that I have to move out.  My question is, what are my rights as far as moving costs, current and past rent, storage of furniture if I take a temporary furnished rental and if that is the case, reimbursement for rent more than what I am paying now.  This is in Plymouth, MA.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
When applying for marriage license, is it okay to have a warrant on you? When applying for marriage license in state of Georgia is it okay to have a warrant on you?	Family Questions	Georgia
How long does it take to receive my money if I won a lawsuit? i just won a lawsuit after waiting for more than 7 years. Now I'm waiting for my check. How long does it take to receive my money?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Possible for my ex to drop all my firearms at the police station for me to pick up? My divorce is filed and signed except by judge. I was given certain property including firearms to be picked up from my home which is now my ex wife's. She is now saying she is going to drop all my stuff at the police station for me to pick it up. Can she do this?	Family Questions	Illinois
How to have brother return loaned money taken from trust fund? Last year, I took $2500.00 out of my trust fund to help my brother with getting out of jail. He promised he would pay me back, now he refuses. How do I get my money back?	Contract Questions	Florida
What to do if I have recently found out that a child does not belong to me? What to do if I have recently found out that a child does not belong to me?	Family Questions	Michigan
Do I have a right to go get my daughter now before the hearing since I share custody with her father? I live out of state. Me and my daughters father have shared custody of her. He went to jail (and I didnt know) and his sister toke our daughter and never contacted me, now she is going for full custody, but I'm not listed in the court papers. Can she be charged with something? and do I have a right to go get my daughter now before the hearing, since i share custody with her father?	Family Questions	Nevada
What can I do to fix the problem if after selling our house, there&#39;s a cloud on the title? I made a contract to purchase a 25ft piece of property from the person buying the house next to me before they completed the purchase of the house. They used that money for a down payment, and then after the sale they were supposed to have the property released from the mortgage. They signed awarranty deedtransferring the property to us, bu never had it released from the mortgage. I didn't find out until we went to sell our house and now I have a cloud on the title. The person we bought it from now doesn't want to have an appraisal done to partially release the property, but they did sign a warranty deed transferring title to us. What can I do to fix this?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is my recourse if my apartment management won&#39;t renew my lease? What is my recourse if my apartment management won't renew my lease?	Real Estate Questions	Mississippi
What can happen to me if I&#39;m being charged a class b misdemeanor as I&#39;m only 19? hello I'm 19 and I am being charged with a class b misdemeanor for lying about being robbed. What can happen to me? I'm scared.	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Is severance package required if job eliminated? If an employee's job is eliminated, is a severance package required?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Recourse if my late grandmother&#39;s mortuary was unprepared cause he didn&#39;t sign the death certificate? My grandmother passed away over 2 weeks ago.  The doctor left and went on vacation for 2 weeks and did not sign the death certificate until 8-9-12; 2 weeks after her death.  As a result of this delay, the mortuary was unable to prepare my grandmothers body for cremation.Well my question is do I have alleged recourse?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
If I became a US citizen 4 years ago &amp; I have four kids, Who takes care of kids after divorce? I became a US citizen 4 years ago. I have four kids. Who takes care of kids after divorce?	Family Questions	Georgia
How can you change jurisdiction of the court from one state to another? How can you change jurisdiction of the court from one state to another?	Family Questions	Georgia
If you work for a security  job and they lay you off and you get vacation do you get it if they lay you off? If you work for a security  job and they lay you off and you get vacation do you get it if they lay you off?	Employment Questions	District of Columbia
What is the statue of limitations on a wrecker lien? What is the statue of limitations on a wrecker lien?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Am I giving my ex too much? I have 2 kids with my ex and we are still married. I'm making around $700 to $800 a week giving her 1 to 200 of that a week on top of paying her electric bill which is another $300 a month. Am I giving her too much?	Family Questions	California
Does my son&#39;s wife have the right to keep him from seeing his daughter through me if he has history? My son has a restraining order along with domestic violence and a 3 years probation on his record. Does his wife have the right to keep him from seeing his daughter or talking to her on the phone through me? It wasn't a problem before. I would pick up my granddaughter then drop her back home. But now that she sees women's pictures on his phone, she's going ballistic and refuses any contact between my son and his daughter. What can we do on our end?	Family Questions	California
What can I do if I have not received my alimony yet and I&#39;m disabled? Divorced in Kane County, Illinois on Dec. 31, 2010. Court ordered to pay me alimony for 4 years.  Did not receive my alimony for Feb. 2012.  I am disabled, live in Oregon by my family.  What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
How can I go about taking everything from my husband due to his infidelity and a child on the way? I am trying to find out how can I go about taking everything from my husband due to his infidelity and a child on the way? He says there is nothing that can be done to him as far as me getting child support for our four boys and spouse support for me. I live in Broward county, Florida. Can you give me some advice to divorce or separation?	Family Questions	Florida
If my lease is for low income, do I have to sign a new lease before my original is up? Hello; I live in a large apartment complex. They change managers every few months but this time the new manger wants me to sign a new lease. Mine is not up for about four more months. They told it would be if i do not they with start with eviction. My lease is for low income do i have to sign a new lease before my original is up? Thank You	Real Estate Questions	California
Should I divorce my husband first or should I file for child support first? I am married to my husband I want to get a divorce and put him on child support. Should I divorce him first or should I file for child support? I don't know how child support will work if we are still married.	Family Questions	New York
What&#39;s the easiest way to get our divorce? I was married August 2nd 2011. My husband and I had a child before we were married. We both want a divorce and have no need for dispute with child or property we already arranged those issues. What's the easiest way to get our divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Maryland
Can I file for divorce after living in WI for less than 6 months? Can I file for divorce in Wisconsin after living here less than 6 months, but have the divorce granted after the 6 month residency requirement is met?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
If you are hourly and drive your own car and have to pick up trash to take back to you shop to throw away, can your boss make you do it for without pay? If you are hourly and drive your own car and have to pick up trash to take back to you shop to throw away, can your boss make you do it for without pay?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Question about leasing? I am on a month-to-month lease.  I have been served a notice of  for cause termination for $199.00  in  late  fees. If I pay the late fees and serve the property management company with my 30-day notice to leave the apartment, and pay the current rent charge(s) am I allowed to leave the premises before the 30 days is up? or can I leave the keys and go? I don't want this to mess up my rental history, I've been here for six years and want to be legal and in the clear.P.S. I live in Portland, Oregon. thank you for your time :)	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
How do I recalculate my child support if my ex moved out of state with my child without plan renewal? My ex-wife moved 151 miles out of state with my child without renewing a parenting plan. What do I do and how do I recalculate my child support?	Family Questions	Oregon
Can I sue the Florida Department of Revenue for defamation? Can I sue the Florida Department of Revenue for defamation?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can my grandmother get my son&#39;s benefits from me if she cares for him? My son has been of the care of his grandmother for 8 yrs. I just received my disability in Ga. Can she get his benefits from me?	Family Questions	Georgia
If we are ordered by a judge to live separately, can we leave the country and live together in another country? If we are ordered by a Californian judge to live separately, can we leave the country separately and live together in another country? We are not American citizens but legal residents.	Family Questions	California
Still need to fill out the child support form for an un-contested divorce if neither want support? Do you still need to fill out the child support form for a un-contested divorce if neither parties want support and already have a written agreement in the state of NY?	Family Questions	New York
Is there a 3-day rule whereby if you sign an agreement you can change your mind in the state of Oklahoma. If so, is it 3 calendar days or 3 business days?	Contract Questions	Oklahoma
If someone signed my child out of school who&#39;s not family, can they go to jail? someone signed my child out of school a year ago that is not family although returning before days end. Can he go to jail and if so how long?	Family Questions	Illinois
What to do if I owe funds on property I transferred? What to do if I owe funds on property I transferred?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Is the house community property? I'm divorced and now going to community property. My wife is going after my disability retirement. She has a house that was willed to her before we married and I paid the mortgage on a loan she made to make some renovation for several years. She also spent an additional 20 thousand dollars in partial renovations.  Is this now community property?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Can a NYC teacher who was discontinued with no license revocation seek a teaching position? Can a NYC teacher who was discontinued with no license revocation seek a teaching position?	Employment Questions	New York
If a car is repaired without authorization and after they were told not to repair car and they do the work anyway before the car can be moved two days after breakdown? If a car is repaired without authorization and after they were told not to repair car and they do the work anyway before the car can be moved two days after breakdown?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
How do I get my name removed from a birth certificate if I&#39;m not the biological father? How do I get my name removed from a birth certificate if I'm not the biological father in Columbus, GA?	Family Questions	Georgia
Do I have a case against wrongful termination for sexual harassment? Hi my name is Kymberly Hunsaker. I currently work for U.D.O.T. (Utah department of transportation) as of December 1, 2011. However my husband and I worked at the same shed and upon our layoff (Dec. 1, 2011), our boss (Dave Foley) said to my husband that I wasn't welcome back due to the fact I wouldn't sleep with him. Is that discrimination ? Would I have a case?	Employment Questions	California
Can I have my warrant resolved without turning myself in or having to appear in court personally? I live in NC  and have an outstanding warrant in FL. Can I have this issue resolved without turning myself in or having to appear in court personally? It's for a felony drug charge and probation violation. FL will not extradite. I've been picked up for the warrant but released.	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Do I need to be present if I received a Notice of Hearing for a Summary Judgement? I received a Notice of Hearing for a Summary Judgement. Do I need to be present?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Am I responsible for the deductible if my neighbor wants to make a claim against my insurance? My neighbor hit my dog and we ended up having to put it down. The cost was $1200. My neighbor now wants to make a claim against my home owners insurance for the damage to his car. Can he really do this? If so am I responsible for the deductible?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Why am I finding out that I&#39;m the beneficiary 6 years later? I recently found out I was named as a beneficiary in my grandfather's estate but he died like 6 years ago. Why am I just now finding out about this?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Is my stepsister entitled to the dolls if she is seeking them at my parent&#39;s house? I own my parent's house. My stepsister is now seeking albums and a some dolls. I found the records but not the dolls. Is she entitled to it?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can power of attorney over mentally incompetent parent be given without consent? My father is 89 years old and is getting very confused.  He says he expects my older brother, who lives 6 hours away, to be here any minute with apower of attorneyover him.  Can this be done without my dad's permission? And if he did give permission can it be reversed due to confusion?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
Do I have the right - under  loudermill - to view my charges before the loudermill hearing? Do I have the right - under  loudermill - to view my charges before the loudermill hearing??	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Who owns the right of way if you have one through your property but another is not a resident? If you have a right of way through your property so someone can have access to their property but theirs is not a residence just land, who owns the right of way?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
How do I obtain guardianship in order for me to put my 19-year-old-nephew on my insurance? My 19 y/o nephew just recently moved in with my husband and I. He had no insurance nor job at this time, my job requires a guardianship in order for me to put him on my insurance. How do I do this without it costing me?	Family Questions	Arkansas
Can I charge tenant from security deposit for lost rent due to the roach infestation? Ex-tenant moved out, and left roaches behind, had the  house fumigated but can't get rid of them.   Can I charge tenant from security deposit for lost rent due to the roach infestation?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can your employer count a doctor&#39;s excuse as unexcused? Can your employer count a doctor's excuse as unexcused if you also asked for that day off and got denied? Then you called off and got a excuse.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a sibling take her younger sibling&#39;s daughter away with out her permission? Can a sibling take her younger sibling's daughter away with out her permission?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can I sell my husband&#39;s stuff to pay the bills if he&#39;s abandoned me? My husband of 17 years has abandoned me. Can I sell our stuff to pay the bills?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can my landlord refuse my partial payment? I am renting a bar in a commercial retail plaza. I have fallen 45 days behind in rent and I am trying to pay last months rent tomorrow. My landlord says I need to pay both months rent or get out. Can he refuse my partial payment?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can you work more than 12 hours in manufactured facility? Can you work more than 12 hours in manufactured facility?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Does Florida Require Homeowners Insurance? Does Florida Require Homeowners Insurance?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Claims for a lawsuit for cutting grass as a custodian at a local school? I'm a custodian at a local school and i am a woman in my early 60's and I've been told i now have to cut grass weed eat rake and etc. Do I have claims for a lawsuit? I'm not a member of our AEA group.	Employment Questions	Alabama
Can I terminate lease agreement due to unsafe conditions? Are there any laws in California that pertain to a tenant being able to terminate arental lease agreementif they feel unsafe in their place of residency? There have been robberies, shootings and death threats to my neighbor by people who either live here or have been in the gated complex. I feel very unsafe and want to know if legally there is any way I can terminate my lease due to unsafe conditions? The rent agreement states that unless stated different in a statute they are not responsible. But I feel it's their responsibility to keep their property safe and not put tenants in danger.	Leasing Questions	California
If 2 people sign a rental lease to rent a home and one of the two people used a fraudulent name and signature, would it be considered fraud and would the lease be declared null and void? If 2 people sign a rental lease to rent a home and one of the two people used a fraudulent name and signature, would it be considered fraud and would the lease be declared null and void? Could they be evicted immediately?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I have my ex-husband&#39;s parental rights terminated based on abandonment? My ex-husband moved from Virginia to California 5 years ago.  Since then, he has not seen our children, ages 12 and 6.  He has not talked to them either by phone, letter, or email in nearly  a year.  Prior to his move, he had only seen our son three times and rarely visited or called our daughter. I have sole custody of both children.  He has legal visitation, but has never made use of those rights.  Can I have his parental rights terminated based on abandonment?	Family Questions	Virginia
What do I do to stop from my son moving and get custody of my son back? I am a mother of a 5-year-old boy and I live in FL. I had a court order to send my son to NY for the summer to see his father but I do now work and don't have the money to send him. He went to court and now the courts have giving him temporary custody. What do I do to stop this and get custody of my son back?	Family Questions	Florida
Do we have to petition the FL probate court to receive our aunt&#39;s inheritance? Hi my name is Lee Weston.  My mother passed away in Pennsylvania in March of this year.  She had an Aunt Jane that had passed away last year in Florida.  My mother was to receive an inheritance of around $34,000.   My brother and I are my mothers only descendants.  At the time of my mothers passing she had no assets, no real estate and hardly anything of value.  We decided to not do a probate because of this.  She had very little debt that we had charged off when we sent letters and a copy of the death certificate.  How do we go about receiving her Aunt Jane's inheritance?  Do we have to petition the Florida probate court or establish something in Pennsylvania? Thank you so much for your help.	Family Questions	Florida
What template can I use to draw up loan for restaurant owner? I am considering loaning a restaurant owner $10,000 at 7.5%. is there a template I can use to draw up the loan for my protection?	Leasing Questions	New York
How long does a company have to reissue a check if your payroll check bounced in the state of Maine? How long does a company have to reissue a check if your payroll check bounced in the state of Maine?	Employment Questions	Maine
Do I need all my records showing every time I have paid child support? Do I need all my records showing every time I have paid child support?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can my mother sell her home and give the money to her son&#39;s and go in a nursing home? In PA can my mother sell her home and give the money to her sons and go in a nursing home?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding a divorce &amp; both parties on disability &amp; own a home together? I want to get a divorce and both parties are on disability and own a home together that is still mortgaged. Could one party loss there equity in in the home?	Family Questions	Louisiana
If I have not received my alimony since 2000, how do I go about suing for it? If I have not received my alimony since 2000, how do I go about suing for it?	Family Questions	Florida
What to do if landlord says I&#39;m still liable for the rent when I give the house manager cash and ran off? I pay rent in cash. I received a receipt from house manager and instead of giving it to landlord kept it now. Landlord says I'm still liable cause i did not tell her right away.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Is the payroll company liable for the tax bill? My payroll company incorrectly filed my company's SUI tax for 3 out of the 4 quarters in 2011 leaving me with a substantial tax bill.  Does the Payroll company liable for this mistake? I am in PA?	Tax Questions	Pennsylvania
can i temporarily sign my parental rights over to my parents until the CPS case is over? I am currently in an informal cps case. Can I temporarily sign my parental rights over to my parents until this is over?	Criminal Questions	California
Question regarding a notice to appear? I received a Notice to appear at my mother's house a few days ago, but the papers were not handed to me personally. Who ever delivered them gave them to my mother. I am 27 years old so It's not like she would have to receive them because I was a minor. Is this still valid? How does the court know I actually received the paper?	Family Questions	Illinois
What can I do about a police officer who shared information about my son&#39;s arrest to my son&#39;s friends? A police officer shared information about my son's arrest to my son's friends telling his friends to stay away from him. What can I do?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Legal for my dentist to charge for my medical records? My dentist charged me for my medical records. Is that legal according to HIPPA?	Personal Injury Questions	Maryland
How to get a felony expunged off my record? How to get a felony expunged off my record?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
If I live in New York City and live with the father of my kids, does that affect me getting any child support? I live in New York City and live with the father of my kids. Does that affect me getting any child support? All he does is pay half of the rent.	Family Questions	New York
Can child support payments be deducted from social security disability? Can child support payments be deducted from social security disability?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I need to change my son&#39;s last name to his father&#39;s? I need to change my son's last name to his father's?	Family Questions	Missouri
Question regarding waiting for a deposit? What do I do next? After 2 months waiting for my deposit, I call the manager and she said she'd done her part by submitting a list of costs on wear and tear to the owner. It is up to the owner to get me my deposit. She said she will contact the owner. 2 days later, I call again. This time, the owner told her that he has send out a list of charges to me. July 25, I am still not receiving anything. Since she never call and was very angry, I asked for the owner's contact information. The manager refused. After 2 more days of waiting, I called again and again but she never answered her phone. Today, I sent out a demand letter for my deposit. Aug 1, I received the list with a balance more than my deposit.	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I sue the township for harassment? I'm getting singled out for having 1 spot in yard when the grass is too high when all my boarding neighbors grass and weeds are worse. can I sue the town ship for harassment? The person that complained is good friends with the township and I am from out of town. It's a lot like  conspiracy to me EVEN the mayor is in on it.	Real Estate Questions	New York
Bank will not help recouping costs of fraud. I had fraud on my business account because I didn't notice it when it first happened.  When I did notice it it had been 60 days that they used my debit card again. The bank won't help, they told me to try to recoup it myself. What should I do?The Federal law says you only have 60 days to notify the bank.	Banking Law Questions	Oregon
What to do if my wife&#39;s son has been robbing me &amp; I would like to have him removed from my property? What to do if my wife's son has been robbing me blind & I would like to have him removed from my property quick?	Family Questions	New York
What should I do if I have a no trespassing sign posted and people still come onto my land? I have a no trespassing sign posted and people still come onto my land. What should I do?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I legally move out of my mom&#39;s house without her consent since I am 17, pregnant, and engaged? Can I legally move out of my mom's house without her consent since I am 17, pregnant, and engaged?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can my employer lower my wages because they do not have time to train me as a manager, even though I was hired in October as a manager? None	Employment Questions	Ohio
Legal to charge a daily interest rate for an auto title loan? Is it legal to charge a daily interest rate for an auto title loan? The business is in Florida but is doing business in New York.	Consumer Questions	New York
What do I do if I was evicted and now the agent is throwing all my belongings in the trash? I was evicted from the house I rented last month. Now the agent is throwing all my belongings in the trash.  What do I do now?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How do you find out about a will who was named in a grandparent&#39;s will/trust? How do you find out about a will who was named in a grandparent's will/trust?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Can my bank force me to make monthly payments on fees along with my normal payment? I live in Florida. I had fallen behind on my mortgage payment and am now totally caught up. The bank is trying to hit me for 3000.00 in legal fees and would is forcing me to make monthly payments on these fees along with my normal payment. Can they do that or do I have any alternatives in this situation	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it legal for a hospital to make RN&#39;s take mandatory call from 7p-7a? Is it legal for a hospital to make RN's take mandatory call from 7p-7a? I already work 36 hours a week 12 hour shifts 7a-7p. They only want to pay $4.00/hr call pay.	Employment Questions	Connecticut
Please tell me if there is anything I can do to continue to receive the support of children and families? Hi, I am a legal guardian for a minor child who is a relative of mine. I've been caring for this child for almost 13 years and I was receiving help from the state (children and families). However, no that it is time for my review, they have denied me the assistance. They state my income is too high. Keep in mind when I was told about this program by one of their workers, I was told that income had no barring. The minor child was placed in protected custody from the age 0f 6 or 7 months old. Please tell me if there is anything I can do to continue to receive the support of children and families?	Family Questions	Florida
How does a company become an Act 90 vendor in Pennsylvania? How does a company become an Act 90 vendor in Pennsylvania?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Ohio
Legal for an employer to pay an employee one rate for a job and minimum wage for work done at home? Is it legal in PA for an employer to pay an employee one rate for a job and minimum wage for work done at home?	Employment Questions	New York
If my trial ended as a hung jury, can I be retried? My trial ended as a hung jury. Can I be retried? What evidence can the state use for a re-trial and what options do I have?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
How can I prove discrimination and/or Bullying in the workplace? How can I prove discrimination and/or Bullying in the workplace?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Does being in school affect how much child support I&#39;ll pay? Does being in school affect how much child support I'll pay?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Can I get sued by bill collector? Can a bill collector sue me if I have been making payments to them? They served my 14yr old son the papers today, they have had the account for 2 months and I now owe 100 dollars?	Consumer Questions	Washington
Are propane noise cannons illegal in Atlanta? Are propane noise cannons illegal in Atlanta?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Will the mortgage have to take my name off If we put that my husband takes full responsibility of the house? If in the divorce papers we put that my husband wants to take full responsibility of the house and car and my name needs to be removed will the mortgage company have to take my name off?	Family Questions	Indiana
If a person clocks in at 5:01 and his/her clock in time is 5:00, can they be docked 15 minutes? If a person clocks in at 5:01 and his/her clock in time is 5:00, can they be docked 15 minutes?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Should I stay or should I leave if the bank took over my condo but said I can stay without a lease? I am renting a condo that is being taken over by the bank. My lease has expired and they said I can stay without a lease. Should I stay or should I leave?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What are rights when neighbor harassing me about noise? I am having an issue with my apt. management & my neighbor below me. The neighbor below is complaining about noise from our apartment at times when we aren't even home. I have written 2 letters to the office & they continue to give me a hard time.  What are my rights as this is becoming harassing?	Leasing Questions	Michigan
Is a custodial parent responsible for all expenses for the children if he receives child support? Is a custodial parent responsible for all expenses for the children if he receives child support?	Family Questions	Utah
Does PTO have to be included in the last paycheck or can it come in a separate check? Does PTO have to be included in the last paycheck or can it come in a separate check?	Employment Questions	California
Can my employer withhold my accrued vacation pay for any reason? Can my employer (in Massachusetts) who is a private nonprofit doing business with the government, withhold my accrued vacation pay for any reason?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How do I expunge petty theft from my record? Hi, my name is Dezjaunta price. I was charged and convicted of petty theft almost 2 years ago, in the state of VA. I really want to get this expunged from my record because this is not me at all, and I always fall into depression. is there anything I can do?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
How do I get my money back from a mechanic in which I gave him a the check from the insurance company?	Contract Questions	Ohio
Should I be notified of the will after my father&#39;s death even if I&#39;m not mentioned? Should I be notified of the will after my father's death even if I'm not mentioned?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What legal rights does a single father have who&#39;s dissolving a 10-year relationship (unmarried)? What legal rights does a single father have who's dissolving a 10-year relationship (unmarried)?	Family Questions	California
How would I bring it to the judge&#39;s attention if it&#39;s illegal to serve a UD after sale? I've been served with an unlawful detainer after having an illegal foreclosure in CA. I'm told that it is illegal to serve a UD after sale. How would I bring this to the judge's attention?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can our insurance cancel our policy and my daughter receive a OWI? Can our insurance cancel our policy and my daughter receive a OWI?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Michigan
Legal for landlord to charge me for painting, a broken window and cleaning? I lived in an apartment for 16 months. Perfect tenant. Cleaned and scrubbed the place spotless. Landlord wants to charge me for painting, broken window that was broken before I moved in and cleaning. Is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	California
If my mom dies can my brother put us out when we live with my mom in her house? i live in my moms house (with wife and kids). If my mom dies can my brother put us out?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How can I adopt a child? How can I adopt a child?	Family Questions	California
How do I force my ex to give me my stuff in her house when she has not been responding? Ex girlfriend has my stuff in her house. She has not been responding to any communication. How do I force the issue?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If I have a checking account in my name only and we file for divorce will this account split between my ex? I am married in Florida. If I have a checking account in my name only and we file for divorce will this account have to be included and split between my spouse and myself?	Family Questions	Florida
Legal for my employer to pull me off the case cause of an accident and only pay me for medical only? I hurt my neck when I was lifting a client from the car into the wheelchair and having pain across my upper and middle back and burning sensation on my right arm. My employer is pulling me off the case,  but not saying anything about receiving worker's compensation benefits. The company does have worker-man's compensation insurance. They are going to pay for my medical only. Is this legal?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
Are we obligated to pay the attorney&#39;s son if he took over the firm after our father died? My father died in Montana in 2007 and left a small estate which was divided equally between his six children. His attorney died shortly after Dad died. The attorney's son took over the firm. That attorney is now charging us $2000 and says he needs to close the estate. We thought the estate was closed before assets were dispersed. There were no outstanding debts to the estate. All bills and obligation were paid after Dad's death. We don't know why this matter wasn't closed years ago. Are we obligated to pay this fee?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Montana
What are the driving restrictions in the state of NY for a DJ license? What are the driving restrictions in the state of NY for a DJ license?	Family Questions	New York
How long will it take to get a divorce since we don&#39;t have any minors and we have a mutual agreement? I got married in Illinois. How long will it take to get a divorce since we don't have any children under 18 and we both have a mutual agreement to get divorce?	Family Questions	Alabama
Can I take my name off of a car loan if I&#39;m the primary and my ex girlfriend is the co signer? Can I take my name off of a car loan if I'm the primary and my ex girlfriend is the co signer? We still owe money on the car loan.	Consumer Questions	California
Can the owners legitimately sue me for the amount remaining on the lease? I am currently sharing an apartment with a roommate. Both our names are on the lease. I am moving out before the lease is finished because I am reuniting with my wife who I have been separated from for 7 months. The main reason for this move is to help my son who has mental problems such as bi-polar disorder, ADHD, manic-depression and learning disabilities. The apartment owner is threatening to sue me for the amount remaining on the lease, and has told my roommate that she cannot get another roommate to replace me as they would consider that sub-letting. Can the owners legitimately sue me?	Real Estate Questions	California
If a person pleads guilty and is sentenced 3 years with 3 strikes what does that mean? If a person pleads guilty and is sentenced 3 years with 3 strikes what does that mean?	Criminal Questions	California
What can I do if an employer wrote to me that I&#39;m in violation of labor law without giving her last check? I had an employee who had a specific responsibility for shopping for my company. She resigned, and then asked to be partially reinstated. She also asked if she could continue the shopping. After consideration, I decided to let her return, but to transfer the shopping responsibility to another employee. After I told her of my decision, she abruptly quit.  I had previously asked her to transition her responsibilities to other employees, which she did not do. I did not send her last paycheck to her (approx $60), and she subsequently asked why she had not received it. I told her she would receive it when I received some things and info she had. She wrote me that I was in violation of labor law and would file a complaint. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Could my parents stop me from taking my son with me and getting custody over him? Hi my name is Michelle and I have a 2-year-old son and we both live at home with my 2 brothers my sister, her 3-year-old daughter, my mom and my dad. I was thinking it was time to get my own place with my bf but my parents don't like him cause he's a lot older than me. My parents  told me I could go but leave my son there with them. I don't want that but my mom tells me I'm an unfit mom cause I don't cook clean or have baby on schedule. It's in a way kinda true but I don't do that stuff cause it's not my own place and I wanna do it if it was my own place. I would have no choice.  Could they stop me from taking him with me and getting custody over him?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
True if a gym membership contract states that if I pay the termination fee, I can&#39;t cancel my membership? Saratoga Springs, New York.  Gym membership contract."If at any point you wish to cancel your membership, you must contact the GM in writing, giving the appropriate reason for cancellation. Changes in permanent residence or more than 25 miles or a medical inability to continue use of facility are deemed appropriate.Initiation fees, including the yearly gym maint. fee, will not be refunded unless cancellation within 7 days. Cancellations not occurring within 7 days of joining will be subject to $100. early termination fee."  They are telling me that even if I pay the $100 termination fee, I cannot cancel my membership and will continue EFT withdrawal.  Based on this wording quoted, is that true?	Consumer Questions	New York
Can I be forced to pay for college today because of an absent college cost in a 1999 divorce decree? Absent college cost in a 1999 divorce decree, can I be forced to pay for college today?	Family Questions	Colorado
What to do if a tenant has not paid for one month and his contract expires next month? Good afternoon. I owned a house in Portland, Oregon. I have a tenant living there. His contract will expired on Aug 1st 2012. He has not pay the rent for July. I send him a 30-day notice to vacate the house by Aug 1st 2012.  What are my options? I'm asking for advice. Please reply to&#101;&#x73;&#99;&#x6f;&#98;&#x61;&#x72;&#115;&#x32;&#x37;&#64;&#121;&#97;&#104;&#x6f;&#x6f;&#46;&#x63;&#x6f;&#x6d;.	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
At what age does child support end if child is not in school? At what age does child support end if child is not in school?	Family Questions	Alabama
Is there any requirements for the emancipation process? I'm 15 years old and I would like to get emancipated. Is there any requirements for the emancipation process?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Help in rewriting this statement for my addendum post inspection? Please help new Realtor with verbiage. Would you help me rewrite this statement for my addendum post inspection? Thank you"Inspection report revealed that the master slider and family room slider are seized shut. Request  repairs done by seller."	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What can I do to gain visits with my 4-year-old niece? I have a niece who is 4yrs old by my brother who is currently incarcerated. Her mother (EX-sister-in-law) is not open to my family seeing the child. My question is what can I do to gain visits with my 4yr old niece?	Family Questions	Connecticut
How can my nephew go about changing his daughter&#39;s last name to his on her birth certificate? My nephew was in Iraq while his daughter was born in California; however, his daughter's mother did not give the child his last name (i.e. the child has the mother's last name).  Couldn't the mom have given his daughter his last name from the get go?  Also, how can he go about changing his daughter's last name to his on her birth certificate?	Family Questions	California
Can I ask the judge to have ex present through proceedings? Can I ask the judge to have ex present through proceedings?	Family Questions	Missouri
If I put my children in a temp. guardianship what are my rights for visitation? If I put my children in a temp. guardianship what are my rights for visitation?	Family Questions	Georgia
Do I have any liability to my roommates in a small claims court if I do not pay? I lived with two roommates in 3 bedroom apartment from February-June. My roommates signed the lease in November, and had another roommate living there until he moved out in February, and I moved in.When I moved in, the apartment has trashed and the carpets were stained. Because of this, I told my roommates I would not be signing the lease or paying for the existing damages. They were fine with this. Now in July, they received a bill for $1,500 to replace the carpets and are asking me to pay 1/3 of it despite the fact that I am not on the lease and never agreed to pay anything. I know that I have no liability to the apartment complex, do I have any liability to my roommates in a small claims court if I do not pay?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
If my mom signed by both of us and a notary is it law binding? My mom and I entered into a settlement. She pays me x amount a month etc. In that settlement it gave me the option to buy the house she owns that I rent from her. I was trying to get a loan for the house to buy it. I called her and she said: you signed a document stating you don't want the house". I found this document but mine is not signed by either of us or a notary. If hers is signed by both of us and a notary is it law binding?	Family Questions	Oregon
If I received a summons from my ex for &#39;contempt,&#39; am I obligated to pay him prior to that time? I received a summons to appear in court in one week for 'contempt' - my ex-husband is trying to collect back payments from me for health insurance he claims I owe him from 2003 to 2005.  Our divorce became final in 2005 - am I obligated to pay him prior to that time?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
What rights does Landlord have at the time of signing the lease? Hi,I live in Georgia. If a Tenant agrees to sign a Lease, occupies the property, then refuses to sign Lease, stops paying Rent, because Tenant says certain verbal agreements were not met, is this Lease valid?What rights does Landlord have at this time? Thanks.Oliver.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
If I&#39;m going to get a divorce, do I have to pay any bills that have his name on it? If I'm going to get a divorce, do I have to pay any bills that have his name on it?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Legal if landlord changes her mind when it&#39;s outlined in a lease that payment will be made through transfer? It's outlined in a lease that payment will be made through bank transfer and the landlord changes her mind months later grounds for breaking the lease.	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
What comes first in establishing citizenship for a person who has been in the USA more than 40 years? What comes first in establishing citizenship for a person who has been in the USA more than 40 years, has a valid SSN, married to a US citizen for 31 years and whose papers expired years ago?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Question regarding my daughter&#39;s friend who wants to sign over her mobile home to her? My daughter's friend wants to sign over her mobile home to her.  The trailer is paid off she wants to give it to her. It's located in a trailer park in Ohio.	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
What to do if my son has been charged with false informing a class b misdemeanor &amp; they say no bond? What to do if my son has been charged with  false informing a class b misdemeanor and they say no bond?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
How do you go about appealing a parole board&#39;s decision? How do you go about appealing a parole boards decision? The person in question has done over half of their sentence, and has completed all of the requirements and is ranked 1b.	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
If my tenant broke a lease, do I have to get the keys from my house? If my tenant broke a lease and he moved out, Do I have to get a letter and the keys from my house from him that he moved?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
If my girlfriend&#39;s ex was arrested and he can&#39;t pay child support, is there another way for her to collect? If My girlfriend's ex-husband was recently arrested and he can't pay child support, is there another way for her to collect?	Family Questions	Georgia
What can I  do if I want to return the car and get my money back when he never fixed it? I bought a 2000 nissan sentra from a used car dealer on June 29th and he said he would fix it and he didn't. What can I do? Return the car and get my money back?	Consumer Questions	New Jersey
What can i do if a company i did work for owes me money? what can i do if a company i did work for owes me money?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
How do I get guardianship of my daughter? How do I get guardianship of my daughter?	Family Questions	Arkansas
How do I draft an affidavit letter and what all should it consist of? Hello, I need anaffidavitletter writing to resolve fraudulent activities where some people added their names to the deed on my primary residence which I DID NOT authorize so that I can close today on my short sale.How do I draft an affidavit letter and what all should it consist of?Eddie	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How do I do a legal name change without other party knowing? How do I do a legal name change without other party knowing?	Family Questions	Michigan
Am I responsible for making copies of my late brother&#39;s will available to the parties mentioned in it? My brother, living in the State of Georgia, passed away leaving me as executor.  Am I responsible for making copies of the will available to the parties mentioned in it?  I have been instructed by the will to sell thru an estate sale all items of his possession and pay all cremation fees and any owed debts before any distribution of monies.	Family Questions	Georgia
What are my rights as a tenant with maintenance issues? What are my rights as a tenant regarding problems with noises and fumes that smell like there coming from the furnace and noises in the bedroom walls?  I've addressed this problem numerous times with maintenance. I now have symptoms of carbon monoxide poisoning and going to the emergency to have blood work checked since I'm really feeling terrible.	Leasing Questions	New York
Can a skills contest change their terms (extend the time of the entry period)? Can a skills contest change their terms (extend the time of the entry period)?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
If someone put a warrant out for me and I&#39;m innocent what do I do? If someone put a warrant out for me and I'm innocent what do I do?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
What kind action can I take against the employer for falsifying my info to the SS administration? My employer, Shore Winds Nursing home, informed me that my termination was in March 2012, and has yet to send any notification of this. However they reported to SS administration I was terminated in November when I was placed on disability.  Because of their report to SS, I have been denied my benefits without a $700 plus penalty.  In addition I was denied my accumulated vacation pay due in January, being told I am not working therefore not entitled to it, although under the Family and Medical Leave Act I had 90 days that my employment and insurance would be extended. Shouldn't I be entitled to my vacation pay, and also what kind of action can I take against the employer for falsifying my information to the SS administration?	Employment Questions	New York
Shipping company holding packages for payment. I have shipped some packages overseas and they were not able to ship. The company, based in FL, is holding the packages saying I need to pay to get them back. When I spoke with them on the phone, they said they would credit me back some money & return the packages. What are my legal rights/options?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Texas
How many hours do you have to work before you get a 30-minute break? How many hours do you have to work before you get a 30-minute break?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Possible to adopt my friend who has lost all her family as my sister? I have a friend who has lost all her family. Is it possible to adopt her as my sister?	Family Questions	Utah
What is the legal way to get the bill re-reimbursed? My 52 yr. old sister passed away by falling down a flight of stairs at a residential job. I went to her state and paid as much as I could afford of her funeral bill while there: $2,700.00.  Her ex-husband is now the fiduciary. I faxed him a copy of the receipt.  He told me, "This is all taken care of."  I would like to be re-reimbursed for the $2,700. to be taken out of her estate.  Am I legally entitled to this? I also paid all utility bills, and gave my 18 yr. old nephew $600 to pay the next month's rent. (He lived with my sister.)  I did not ask for re-reimbursement.  This was a gift to him.  But I live pay check to pay check and the $2,700 was all I had.  What is the legal way to get this re-reimbursed?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Hawaii
What can they do if I just stop paying rent cause of flea infestation? I signed a rent to own agreement in October but never moved in because of no heat in house. It Was infested with fleas so ripped up old carpet  and replaced it with all new but decided I no longer want to live there. What can they do if I just stop paying rent?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What is a detailed description of Receiving Stolen Property? What is a detailed description of Receiving Stolen Property?	Criminal Questions	District of Columbia
Is it possible to get the money back from psychic scam after I signed the contract? Is it possible to get the money back from psychic scam after I signed the contract?	Consumer Questions	California
Can a house that&#39;s included in a trust go to an auction block if taxes have been unpaid? Can a house that's included in a trust go to an auction block if taxes have been unpaid?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How can I get my tax return back after the IRS took it for my husband&#39;s child support? I am an injured spouse and the IRS took all of my tax return for my husbands child support. How can I get my tax return back and stop this from happening in the future?	Family Questions	Oregon
Can I file for child support against the father for reimbursement for the mother having cash assistance and food stamps? Can I file for child support against the father for reimbursement for the mother having cash assistance and food stamps?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
What can I do if my ex sends me a money order for child support but after losing it, won&#39;t resend? My ex sends me a money order for child support and I lost the mail.  He refuses to give me a copy of the money order so that I can report it.  What can I do?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
What to do if I was discriminated at a workplace for having disabilities and being autistic? What to do if I was discriminated at a workplace for having disabilities and being autistic?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can a partner just remove all my personal belongings &amp; place them all in a storage unit in his name? Can a partner that we lived together for over 5 years just remove all my personal belongings when I leave for two weeks and place them all in a storage unit in his name and then dump my dog with some stranger? All this was done with out my consent or knowledge.	Family Questions	Massachusetts
What do I need to have for full custody of my two year old daughter? What do I need to have for full custody of my two year old daughter?	Family Questions	California
Is it legal to hold a roommate&#39;s possessions until they pay me rent money? I have a roommate that wasn't on the lease and left without any notice. She claims she moved out Dec. 9th but left her stuff. She didn't make an attempt to get her stuff until Jan. 2nd in which she ambushed me at my apt. I didn't give it to her - is it legal to hold her stuff until she pays me the $900 in back rent she owes me?	Leasing Questions	New York
Am I responsible for sister-in-law&#39;s car keyed on my property? My sister in law stayed over night at my house. During the night someone keyed her car in our drive way. She says it is our responsibility since it was on my property when it happen. Is it?	Personal Injury Questions,Real Estate Questions	Delaware
Is extreme verbal abuse and threats grounds for divorce in mobile county, AL? Is extreme verbal abuse and threats grounds for divorce in mobile county, AL?	Family Questions	Alabama
Should I incorporate as a LLC or S corp? Should I incorporate as a LLC or S corp?	Partnership Questions	California
When can I bill the customer if it takes 30 days from contract signing to implementation? We are a software as a service company.  It takes 30 days from contract signing to implementation.  When can I bill the customer?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
If my child is 18 and living away at college, am I obligated to pay child support? If my child is 18 and living away at college, am I obligated to pay child support?	Family Questions	New York
What to do if we found that the former president took all the money from the association&#39;s bank account? We are a student association of UofM. We found that the former president took all the money from the association's bank account. What can we do?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
What kind of basic legal framework do we need to figure out to register our business? A friend and myself are working on a digital product. We've just about completed all of our market and design research. As such, we are beginning to think about employing (contracting), first, a designer and, afterwards, a programmer for the initial version/"MVP" of the product. The situation appears a bit complicated however as my friend, who is entirely funding the initial version, lives in France. What kind of basic legal framework do we need to figure out (register a business? NDAs for the contractors? how about taxes in light of the foreign funding? etc.). Any help would be greatly appreciated.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Maryland
With a 15 minute break, can they tell you not to use the restroom? If you only work 5 1/2 hours and get a  15-minute break can they tell you that you can not get up and go to the restroom or they will take time off your break?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How to get compensation for assault when unable to afford attorney? My mother-in-law assaulted me, then stole and damaged my sons' and I's belongings such as insurance cards and personal belongings. How can I get compensation if i cant afford an attorney? Can I also get compensation for medical bills and pain and suffering?	Financial Questions,Legal Questions	South Carolina
Liable for damage if a storm came and water came through my window &amp; did damage to the condo under? I live on the 3rd floor of a 4 story condo. A storm came in and water came through my window and did damage to the condo under me. Am I liable for damage?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can I file for temporary custody till we go to court if my ex was arrested for child neglect? My ex girlfriend was recently arrested for child neglect. Can i file for temporary custody till we go to court?	Family Questions	Florida
In joint custody, what age is a child allowed to decide which parent he wants to spend more time with? In joint custody of a child, what age is the child allowed to decide which parent he wants to spend more time with?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Is it legal for boss to tell others about your write-up? Is it legal for your boss to tell others about your write up	Employment Questions,Privacy Questions	Georgia
Legal for employer to contact my Nurse practitioner to discuss alternative treatments without my consent? Is it legal for my employer to contact my prescription issuing Nurse practitioner to discuss and determine alternative treatments without my consent?	Employment Questions	New York
What is best if  the state wants to make me their guardian or adoptive parent of my 2 grandchildren? I am foster parent to my 2 grandchildren. Now the state wants to make me their guardian or adoptive parent. which would be best. guardianship or adoption?	Family Questions	Oregon
Any law to send in my autistic son to school wearing a discrete audio recorder? what is the law to send in my autistic son to school wearing a discrete audio recorder?	Family Questions	Connecticut
Am I still responsible for my son even though he is 18 and still in high school? My son is 18 and still in the 10th grade. Am I still responsible for him even though is 18 and still in high school?	Family Questions	Illinois
Is a line up a must when suspect fled the scene? Is a line up a must when suspect fled the scene?	Criminal Questions	California
Can I be evicted on my neighbor&#39;s slanderous words if she&#39;s trying to get me evicted and has no proof? My neighbor is lying about  me to get me evicted & has no proof or witnesses. Can I be evicted just on her word?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
If I buy my old house, does that agent get commission? My purchase and sales agreement has run out and I am looking at new houses.  If I end up buying the original house, do I owe my old agent a commission?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Rhode Island
Can boss legally force us to change to outsourcing company? My boss is forcing us to change into an Outsourcing company. Is this legal? Should we sue him?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Criminal Questions,Finance Questions	Arizona
Should we have living will or trust if wife not citizen? Should we have a living trust or aliving will formor both? My wife is not a citizen & thought there might be tax problems. Thanks, Ken Archibald email:&#x73;&#x69;&#118;&#111;&#114;&#x6b;&#101;&#110;&#x40;&#115;&#98;&#99;&#x67;&#x6c;&#x6f;&#x62;&#97;&#108;&#46;&#x6e;&#101;&#x74;	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How much time for a probation violation? How much time for a probation violation?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Is there warrant if I forget to pay ticket for lapsed registration? Do I have a warrant if I failed to pay a ticket for being parked with lapsed registration?If I was parked on street was not driving vehicle was broke down for months and recieved a ticket for lapsed registration in 08 but forgot to pay until now what will happen? Do I have a warrant? How do I take care of?  I am scared because I want to go visit but do not want to get picked up!! This was in NV. When I called the clerk today I was told they have to mail me paperwork to find out so I am waiting for it. But I am afraid I wont find out before I leave to go visit and dont want to get arrested!	Criminal Questions	Nevada
If I was injured at my sister in law&#39;s house by her granddaughters,  Can I sue her insurance company? If I was injured at my sister in law's house by her granddaughters,  Can I sue her insurance company?	Family Questions	Georgia
Executor of grandmother&#39;s will didn&#39;t probate will and spent money out of estate. My grandmother passed away on June the 8th of 2011. The executor of the will didn't probate the will. She has spent money out of the estate without receipts or anything mainly withdrawing cash. The whole estate including money was suppose to be mine as stated in the will. What can I do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
Who is responsible for setting up home warranty? I purchased a home in March 2011. At that, time we requested to purchase a home warranty. It is listed on all of realtor documents. I tried to file a claim and it said we don't have the coverage.  Who is responsible for setting up the warranty?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	Idaho
Can someone get charged with invasion of privacy if they take a picture of a female they were with? Can someone get charged with criminal invasion of privacy in Colorado, if they take a picture of a female that they were in a relationship with, that was topless on skype, a free service, without that persons explicit consent?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Is it legal to pay a non commissioned salesperson less than minimum wage? IN Florida, the minimum wage is $7.31 an hour. Can a non commisioned salesperson receive less pay per hour?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can I legally quit my job and still collect my PPD? I work in the state of WI and was injured over a year ago, I am finally going to be released to return to work, I had surgery on my back and had rods implanted to support my back, upon return can I legally quit my job and still collect my PPD? Or do I have to stay employed with current worker to do so?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
What is difference between stay and injunction? If an injunction is filed who hears that case? If a stay is filed what happens next?We have been givin a writ of restitution, ordered by the court, we want to file a stay or an injunction, we need to know details on how those work and what may the outcome be for us?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
Who can I sue for being falsely jailed for gun possession? I was accused of possession of a gun and I spent five days in rikers island for a crime I did not commit. Who can I sue?	Criminal Questions,Personal Injury Questions	New York
Will arrears be taken out of pension check? I currently owe $32,000 in back arrears. Out of my weekly paycheck, $123.50 comes out for support and $50 comes out for arrears.  In January, I will be getting my pension check.  Will they take the whole check towards arrears?	Family Questions	Florida
What are rough costs of forming LLC? I am starting a new business and it was recommended to form an LLC over a corp. Can you please tell me the rough costs and if there is any web sites than can be of assistance?	Corporate Questions	Ohio
Can a landlord try to rent out the property before the current lease is up? Can a landlord try to rent out the property before the current lease is up?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Can I call Child Protective Services and get taken out of my home but leave my brother &amp; sister in the home? Can I call Child Protective Services and get taken out of my home but leave my brother and sister in the home? We have different fathers but the same mother, plus I'm 17 and pregnant.	Family Questions	Kentucky
Am I entitled to wife&#39;s retirement money left by in-laws? Married for 25 years. 10 years ago my parent left me about 50k in there will. My wife stayed home when my daughter was little so every bit helped. Now my wife decided to walk away from me. She was left some money by her parents that was meant for our retirement. Am I in title of half the money?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
Is license needed for website where women advertise to men? I am looking to build a website where girls place advertisements in order to meet gentlemen. The girls will pay me to post on my site. Is there a license I need to run this website?	Administrative Law Questions,Advertising Law Questions,Internet Law Questions	California
Do I have to provide county with copy of son&#39;s revocable living trust? My uncle has transferred some land into my son'srevocable living trustwith a quitclaim deed. I thought everything was complete. Now Los Angeles County wants a copy of my trust. Do I have to provide it? It seems invasive, and it will not be cheap to mail. Thanks.	Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How long do I wait before collecting personal belongings left on property? If you are selling property on a land contract and the buyer's decide to move out and leave their personal belongings, do you have to wait a certain amount of time for them to collect those items or not?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
Time period for consumer to stop paying contract, fire contractor, and take contractor to court. What is the time period allowed by the consumer in writing or verbal to stop paying on a contract, fire contractor and actually take the contractor to court?	Contract Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Tennessee
If I have not moved in the 7 days can the owner come on the 8th day and put me out with the sheriffs? My home was recently foreclosed on and the judge issued a writ of possession to the buyer and gave me 7 days to vacate.  If I have not moved in the 7 days can the owner come on the 8th day and put me out with the sheriffs?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How should my daughter proceed with her divorce? My daughter is in need of a divorce in Florida. She has moved back to Washington. They have joint property in Utah and he purchased property in Florida. During their marriage he put debit in her name and wants to leave her with all the dept and keep all the assets.  How should she proceed and what kind of cost are we looking at? She has very little income.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Washington
What does it mean when both parents have 50 percent physical care? What does it mean when both parents have 50 percent physical care?	Family Questions	California
Can we kick a couple living with us out if they don&#39;t pay? I live in CT and we had a couple staying with us. Can we kick them out now? They don't pay for anything and they still stay in our house without legal issue.	Real Estate Questions	Rhode Island
Buyer purchased home through real estate brokerage and seeks to recover commission. A buyer purchased a home through my real estate brokerage and has retained an attorney to recover the commission paid on the transaction.  What are my options? I am one deal away from closing my doors and can't afford this hassle.	Contract Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	District of Columbia
Revokable proxy for non-public California corporation? How long is a revokable proxy good for a non-public California corporation?Is it good indefinitely as long as it is not revoked?Can a proxy be contested by someone if it is used after expiration?	Administrative Law Questions,California Questions,Contract Questions	Missouri
Who do I turn to for help when my brother needs an attorney and he&#39;s blind, had a stroke, and can&#39;t use his left hand? I need to get power of attonery of my brother, who lives with me, he blind, had a stroke, can not use his left hand, I am with him 24/7. Who do I turn to for help?                              cora thomas 313245-2019	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Can Vanderbilt mobiles foreclose on my home for no reason? Can Vanderbilt mobiles foreclose on my home for no reason? I had everything worked out in July and an offer that I got a letter stating I was being took to court. I have all papers showing the deal and then the court.	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
Can we seek legal action if the apartment building is required to have a handrail? I recently fail down the steps and twisted my ankle outside of my apartment complex. My friend also fail the previous day and broke his foot in two places. I was wondering was the building required to have a handrail? I can see where a handrail used to be but it probably broke off. Several of the other buildings in the same complex do have handrails so I was wondering why mine does not. If this is a requirement can we seek legal action?	Personal Injury Questions	Maryland
What to do if an employee who threatened violence against me is back on the schedule? A temporary employee was told he could not return to work because he threatened violence against me.  Now they have put him back on the schedule because they told me they are busy and have not other employees to work. It may have been put in the form of a question.  I work for a fortune 500 company in Mass.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can a landlord raise my rent $650 more per month by giving me 45 day notice in the state of HI? Can a landlord raise my rent $650 more per month by giving me 45 day notice in the state of HI?	Real Estate Questions	Hawaii
Is there a TOD deed for real estate in the state of Virginia? Is there a TOD deed for real estate in the state of Virginia?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
How to start buyout of commercial lease? I have a failing business and need to negotiate a buyout of my commercial lease?  Any advice on how best to start the process would be beneficial?  We are a Texas based S-Corp. and one shareholder is the guarantor on the commercial lease.  We would like to have a minimal financial impact on the guarantor of the lease.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Leasing Questions,Tax Questions	Texas
I have been a tenant for 20 years on a month to month lease. The building was sold during that time period, about 10 years ago. I gave notice (60 days) that I would be leaving at the end of the month. Can the landlord lock me out the first of Nov. and claim my property without paying Nov 1 rent?	Leasing Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a convicted felon hold power of attorney? Can a convicted felon hold power of attorney?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How can I have my child custody case moved from Nebraska to Oklahoma? How can I have my child custody case moved from Nebraska to Oklahoma? I am in the military and have been transferred to Oklahoma from Nebraska where my ex wife and I got our divorce. My ex wife now lives in Utah with our two children.	Family Questions	Oklahoma
How can I transfer my 80% share of a partnership to my son in the event of my death? How can I transfer my 80% share of a partnership to my son in the event of my death? And in the event that I pass away before my son reaches legal age, how can I temporarily place control in the hands of my wife, until he reaches 18?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
Can my landlord raise my rent just because i have a visitor spend the night 1 to 4 days at a time? Can my landlord raise my rent just because i have a visitor spend the night 1 to 4 days at a time?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What is the law in Tennessee about smoke breaks, bathroom breaks and lunch breaks? What is the law in Tennessee about smoke breaks bathroom breaks and lunch breaks?	Employment Questions	Tennessee
How much notice does a landlord have to give a renter for a rent increase? How much notice does a landlord have to give a renter for a rent increase?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Is there a statue of limitations on suing a company? Is there a statue of limitations on suing a company?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If you are fired from a restaurant for a guest complaint are you legally entitled to a copy of it? In North Carolina, if you are fired from a restaurant for a guest complaint are you legally entitled to a copy of it?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
If I sign the divorce papers, and move out of house is that considered abandonment? i live in Pennsylvania, my wife has filed for divorce. If I sign the divorce papers, and move out of house is that considered abandonment? Should I stay in house until it is sold or move out? I don't want to lose my rights to the house or it's contents...Dan	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If you live in a sro paying week to week can a landlord kick you out without going to court? If you live in a sro paying week to week can a landlord kick you out without going to court even if you do not have a lease?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Legal for council member appointed as safety director with felony convictions to drug test all employees? is it legal for city council member appointed to board of trustees as safety director with felony convictions to  drug test all employees without any reason except that he was in conflict with volunteer fire chief over testing certain volunteers.  The previous day test was given to firefighter and safety director told clerk and myself he failed.  the next day same firefighter passed.  extremely angry he demanded that everyone take his test.  I was afraid of this violent man and did not want be tested by him.  There was no female present and the site was not sterile and he gave and read tests himself.  He demanded testing for everyone "Reasonable Suspension" by himself solely.  Two females terminated, 1 officer resigned, 4 firefighters.	Employment Questions	Oklahoma
What to do if I made a car loan &amp; they never repaid the loan back and i got the personal check as a receipt? What to do if I made a car loan made to a person & they never repaid the loan back and i got the personal check as a receipt?	Consumer Questions	California
What is the risk to rent a home in foreclosure? What is the risk to rent a home in foreclosure?Is it legal to rent out a home under foreclosure?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question regarding being employed as a Furniture Tech at Living Spaces to do repairs? Hello I am employed as a Furniture Tech at Living Spaces to do repairs in the warehouse and they hire a Contractor Company to do their furniture repairs at customers houses. They have a contract stating that workers from either company cant work with the other. Due to my financial needs and family needs i had my son apply for the contractor company and get hired, i went with him to some service calls and living spaces found out, now they have suspended me for two days, i need help, is their any laws that protect me?	Employment Questions	California
Legal if after quitting a job my employer asked me not to return to this store? After quitting a job my employer asked me not to return to this store. That I was "unwelcome." Is this legal?	Employment Questions	California
How do you record inherited mineral rights in Wyoming? How do you record inherited mineral rights in the state of Wyoming?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can you return a mattress for refund or store credit after just 15 days? Can you return a mattress for refund or store credit after just 15 days?	Consumer Questions	New York
Can they kick me out right away? I'm renting a mobile home that the landlord is aware of the rat problem but says there's nothing they can do. I have filed a complaint with the health dept. Can they kick me out right away?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How do you get a hold of a lawyer when they will not return your call? How do you get a hold of a lawyer when they will not return your call?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Missouri
Can an employer require that a salaried employee work a set amount of overtime that&#39;s not required? Can an employer require that a salaried employee work a set amount of overtime that has never been required before? They did not listed in employment contract and require that they stay after working overtime due to need to pick up minor children. They then give a written warning because of that and not give a copy of the warning to the employee.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If a co-worker states you threatened them, do you have a right to defend yourself before they fire you? If someone at your work files a letter and states you threatened them, do you have a right to defend yourself before they let you go?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Can I get the property line remarked without any cost to me? I live in Massachusetts. My neighbor had a contractor install a sewer line that I believe is partly on my property. The contractor dug up the stake that was marking the property line. I'm concerned about any liability I may have if there is an issue with the line in the future. I'm also interested in knowing if I can get the property line remarked without any cost to me?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What do I need to do if my landlord told me I have to move out when I pay on time and have no lease? I have no lease. I've been paying on time and I am not behind and my landlord told me I have to be out by October 1. What do I need to do?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
When served a subpoena does it have to be handed to me personally or can my wife accept it? When served a subpoena does it have to be handed to me personally or can my wife accept it and it still be upheld in court?	Criminal Questions	New Mexico
Can a 17-year-old move out without parent&#39;s consent in Missouri? Can a 17-year-old move out without parents consent in Missouri?	Family Questions	New York
How many days/hours can your employer make you work with no overtime in California? how many days/hours can your employer make you work with no overtime in California?	Employment Questions	California
How do I get my insurance policy payable without family drama and paying an attorney extreme fees? I have an insurance policy payable upon 18th birthday. Guardians are refusing payout, and release of birth certificate. How do I get it without family drama and paying an attorney extreme fees?	Personal Injury Questions	Oregon
Is a landlord required to fix the a/c  when it doesn&#39;t work a month after moving? Is a landlord required to fix the a/c  when it doesn't work a month after moving?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If I am a green card holder can I bring my husband? If I am a green card holder can I bring my husband?	Family Questions	New Jersey
How to file a claim for damages on my property? My property in Detroit, Mi., suffers fire damage by exposure of the fire on the neighbor's property. The owner is the City of Detroit. How to file a claim for damages on my property?	Personal Injury Questions	Michigan
How much should image change to be used freely? How much does an image have to change in order for it to be used freely, without permission?	Copyright Questions	Pennsylvania
How much notice should be given to remove items in storage? I live in the state of NJ, in an garden apartment with a basement for the last 20 years. We just received a 8 day notice to remove things from the basement or they will be thrown out. I need to know how much notice is needed for them to do this.  thank you.	Leasing Questions	New Jersey
If my father&#39;s name &amp; my mother&#39;s birthday is wrong on their marriage certificate are they legally married? If my father's name and my mother's birthday is wrong on their marriage certificate are they legally married?	Family Questions	California
Do I have a case if I am being forced to work with threats of being fired by fellow co-workers? Do I have a case if I am being forced to work with threats of being fired, being threatened be fellow co-workers?	Employment Questions	Virginia
How would I go about getting my children after giving it to my stepmother and father? My stepmother and father have custody of my children. I want to get custody back. How would I go about doing that? I don't have much money and I really would like to get this resolved.	Family Questions	Idaho
If someone says you shot at them and fills out a police report what charges can be pressed? If someone says you shot at them and fills out a police report what charges can be pressed? And how would i prove that i didn't?	Criminal Questions	California
In Arkansas is a marriage license legal if never recorded at court house? In Arkansas is a marriage license legal if never recorded at court house?	Family Questions	Arkansas
How many days can someone work without a day off? How many days can someone work without a day off?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
How long to get check after termination? I was terminated today from my job. How long legally do they have to have my check ready and available to me?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Recourse if I bought a car a month ago and there has been problem after problem with the car? I bought a car a month ago and there has been problem after problem with the car. Do I have any recourse?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is there a standard payment for services rendered by an Executor of an estate or the Executor of a Trust? Is there a standard payment for services rendered by an Executor of an estate or the Executor of a Trust?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What can you do if a tenant is 4 months late on rent and they are now moving out? What can you do if a tenant is 4 months late on rent and they are now moving out?  They did not tell the landlord they were moving, but there is a lot of damage to the house.  Is there anything landlord can do?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Is amendment to property lot warranty deed still legal when lot sold? Is an amendment to a property lot warranty deed transferred to a new owner and still legal when the lot is sold? It's registered with the county.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a man in Pennsylvania file for divorce from his wife is she is pregnant? Can a man in Pennsylvania file for divorce from his wife is she is pregnant?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have 3 days to change my mind if I signed a contract cause I wanted to rent furniture? i wanted to rent furniture, i signed a contract. do i have 3 days to change my mind?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
Illegal for my landlord to spread gossip to our friends and her co-workers about our financial situation? Is it illegal for my landlord to spread gossip to our friends and her co-workers about our financial situation?	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
If I am named in an AL POA am I responsible for any financial bills including medical bills? If I am named in an Alaska Power of Attorney am I responsible for any financial bills including medical bills?	Family Questions	Alaska
Can I draw unemployment if I have to quit due to hostile environments? Can I draw unemployment if I have to quit due to hostile environments?	Employment Questions	Arkansas
What is the maximum percentage rate I can charge for past due amounts on my business accounts? What is the maximum percentage rate I can charge for past due amounts on my business accounts?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Wyoming
If I&#39;m interested in making a movie review using footage from the source can I put up online? If I'm interested in making a movie review using footage from the source can I put up online?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Illinois
When should I get a lawyer on a worker comp case? When should I get a lawyer on a worker comp case?	Personal Injury Questions	Missouri
Can I sue my barber for messing up my hair? Can I sue my barber for messing up my hair?	Personal Injury Questions	California
How do I get my money if my employer refuses to pay me all of my earned income? My employer refuses to pay me all of my earned income. How do I get my money?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How do I get my name on a grant deed transfer? How do I get my name on a grant deed transfer? I have been paying the bills for 10 years. the owner wants to pay me back by putting me on the deed. This is not a gift.Thank You, Sandy	Real Estate Questions	California
At what point in time before trial, does a defendant have the right to disclosure? At what point in time before trial, does a defendant have the right to disclosure; before or after a pretrial hearing?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I sue the city for failing to change a felony to a misdemeanor conviction which has ruined my career? Can I sue the city where I live for failing to change a felony to a misdemeanor conviction which has ruined my career?	Personal Injury Questions	Indiana
Can I or anyone be put on a deed after the owner has passed away? Hello, My name is Lesia. Can I or anyone be put on a deed after the owner has passed away?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
if my probation is revoked did i violate my probation? if my probation is revoked did i violate my probation?	Criminal Questions	California
What&#39;s the maximum I can sue him for and what all monies am I entitled back? I brought a car from a personal dealer with auctions license. He refused to give me the title saying that he could not find them and his other business partner was at fault. It has been a year and I still do not have the titles for my car, and I'm unable to drive or use the car. I paid him $3500 for the car and $470 for the title transfer. I also paid over $1200 in maintenance on the car not to mention loss of wages from not being able to get to work. What's the maximum I can sue him for and what all monies am I entitled back? Can I when my case I have my receipts?	Consumer Questions	Florida
If payday falls on a Sunday is it legal to make me wait for my check till 7pm Monday night? If payday falls on a Sunday is it legal to make me wait for my check till 7pm Monday night ?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Question regarding my daughter on a cheering squad &amp; we had to pay competition fees and monthly dues? My daughter was on a cheering squad and we had to pay competition fees and monthly dues.   The manual states that if you pay after the 10th a $15 late fee will be added.They never charged late fees (I have an invoice)until I pulled her from the squad and requested my competition fee refund.  Is this legal?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What do I need to do other than file a form 100-A for an interstate adoption? What do I need to do other than file a form 100-A for an interstate adoption where child is born in Missouri and adopted in another state?	Family Questions	Florida
Am I legal partner/owner of trucking business? Am I legally considered a partner/owner of a trucking business because of the following reasons: My name is on Fuel Tax account with state dept of revenue, DOT number for license plates, Federal EIN, all Authority permits and numbers, loans and credit accounts, and business registry?	Finance Questions,Partnership Questions	Illinois
Can my roommate (Landlord) tell me that my boyfriend can&#39;t spend the night? Can my roommate (Landlord) tell me that my boyfriend can't spend the night?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Is there a law in California which requires employers who consistently schedule on-call or per diem employees for full-time hours to offer that employee a full-time position? Is there a law in California which requires employers who consistently schedule on-call or per diem employees for full-time hours to offer that employee a full-time position? How about the same for part-time?	Employment Questions	Arizona
As an heir can I obtain a death certificate and will from court records? As an heir can I obtain a death certificate and will from court records?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How do I drop a domestic violence charge or get a no contact order lifted asap? How do I drop a domestic violence charge or get a no contact order lifted asap?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
What action to take when doctor not complying with written request for information? My doctor will not answer or give me the name of the infection which almost killed me. He asked for written request and I sent that and now he is not complying with that. This was a staph infection that he ignored for 10 months until i lost femur bone to it after 2 total knee replacements.	Legal Questions,Medical Devices Questions	Florida
Can the wife of the lawyer that has prepared a will be a witness on the will? Can the wife or relative of the lawyer that has prepared a will be a witness on the will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	West Virginia
How to pay least income tax if taking cash pay out for powerball jackpot? If I won the powerball jackpot, what strategy would be used to pay the least income tax if I took the cash pay out?	Tax Questions	Arizona
Company failed to provide 40 hour position promised at interview. Hi, I was hired to work a place for 40 hours a week which they promise me in an interview. I had to quit my formal job cause of this my one. i was happy cause I was going to have 40 hours and was closer to home. After the orientation they don't have any more 40-hour positions.	Employment Questions	Rhode Island
Friend refuses to make payments for iPad. I had gotten an iPad under my name for my friend with the agreement that they would make payments on time until it is fully paid off with the tax return. It was never paid off. But he has made some payment. Not on time either. He is now 3 month behind and refuses to pay. What should I do?	Contract Questions	Ohio
Do I have a breach of contract if I am sold a defective truck from a dealer? I purchased a new truck. After delivery, I found that the A/C does not work. I returned it to dealer and it found a major problem causing the dashboard to be pulled. I told dealer that was not acceptable. I wanted different truck without such defects. The dealer said: since it was already titled, it can't replace it, only repair it. I know that there lemon laws that cover cars that develop problems. My car had a major problem when it was delivered. Will I have to go through the lemon laws or do I have a breach of contract that they did not deliver a properly working vehicle?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Texas
Contract states buyer is to apply for a mortgage of $600,000, with a deposit of $11,000 upon signing contract and $250,000 at closing. Buyer applies for a mortgage of $685,000 is rejected by bank. Buyer  claims that he can not get mortgage wants to cancel contract. Does seller have cause of action?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Any way to evict my roommate who is not paying her half of rent or electric bills? I have a roommate who is not paying her half of rent or electric bills. We are both on the lease but everything is billed in my name and I was wondering if there was something I could do to evict her.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Can my wife legally kick me out of the house after 23 years of marriage? I'm going through a separation with my wife after 23 years of marriage.  Can she legally kick me out of the house? What are my rights on this?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If I broke into four cars and took four purses, how will they sentence me? I broke into four cars and took four purses. How will they sentence me? This is my first time being in trouble.	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
If I am no longer able to use my gym membership do to medical issues am I still eligible for refund? If I am no longer able to use my gym membership do to medical issues am I still eligible for refund on all members for which I am paying for?	Consumer Questions	California
Can I go to probate court 6 years after ex-wife died and left no will? can I go to probate court 6 years after ex-wife died and left no will, but stated to one of our daughters that she wanted to leave the house to her children? Her common law has died and his children taking over.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Do I get compensation for a car I paid for but it&#39;s not in my name? Do I get compensation for a car I paid for but it's not in my name?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
What are my options if my landlord gave a 30-notice to vacate without going through the legal steps? My landlord has given me a 30-notice to vacatewithout going through the legal steps prescribed by the Colorado Eviction laws.  Nothing through the courts.  What are my options, plus my neighbor has a lease with the person renting the other half of the duplex owned by the same landlord.She has been given a 30 day notice to vacate even though her lease is with the current tenant as a sub let, however she has to pay the owner of the property directly.  Has the landlord the legal right to evict her just because she is mad at the primary because she is not getting child support from him for their daughter?  Also, does she indeed have the right to enter any of our rooms or premises without a 24 hour notice?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
Do I have any rights as a homeowner regarding privacy? I live in a Home Owners Association and my dues are $600 per year. I wasn't able to pay my dues in 2011.  So a lien was placed on my property and then at the homeowners meeting this was published in the minutes.  Do I have any rights as a homeowner regarding privacy?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Are there any income tax implications to be reported on 1040 or IT-201 NYS forms if we liquidated a fund investment and put the entire proceeds into stocks? We liquidated an ordinary mutual fund investment and put the entire proceeds into ordinary stocks.  Are there any income tax implications to be reported on 1040 or IT-201 NYS forms for this action?	Consumer Questions	New York
If you&#39;re in the process of a divorce and both parties continue to spend time with one another, can the divorce still be finalized? If you're in the process of a divorce and both parties continue to spend time with one another, can the divorce still be finalized?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Should I sue my landlord if my son  threw his arm due to a broken window that he never fixed? My son got glass. He threw his arm due to a broken window that my landlord never fixed. How much should I sue him for?	Family Questions	New York
Can we legally break the lease because obviously the landlord is not holding up his end of the bargain? In October 2011 we signed a lease for a year with the landlord. We have been renting from for the past 3 years. Now 3 months later he has decided to short sale this home because he's going through a divorce. He was obviously experiencing financial difficulty 3 months ago. We've been told it can take a while but I don't want my family going through the realtor tour inconveniences. I want my family to have a stable place to live where we are not in limbo. Can we legally break the lease because obviously the landlord is not holding up his end of the bargain? If my family has a good opportunity to find a home I want to take it. What can be done? I forgot to mention that in short sales we lose our deposit. Thanks	Real Estate Questions	California
In Illinois does SSDI back pay offset child support back pay? In Illinois does SSDI back pay offset child support back pay?	Family Questions	Illinois
How to find out status of divorce? My divorce decree was supposed to have been signed by a judge by May 4, 2012. How can I find out the status of the divorce? I am currently without legal representation and I am unsure of what should be my next course of action. Thank you	Family Questions	New York
If I apply for a pell grant, will it disqualify  my ssdi as well as my public housing that I have now? Hi my question is this, if I apply for a pell grant, will it disqualify  my ssdi that I have applied for as well as my public housing that I have now?	Personal Injury Questions	Oregon
Do I need to sue my ex whom I had a child with for back child support in the state I reside in? Do I need to sue my ex boyfriend whom I had a child with for back child support in the state I reside in or the he is in.  I collected welfare for the 14 years I had my daughter.  He didn't pay me a dime-ever.  From age 14-18 she moved to the state he lives in due to beneficial educational reasons.  She is now a Freshman in College & is the age of 20.  I am no working & hi state is taking MY PAYCHECKS for child support payment.  So, do I need to get a stop on the judgement on my $ & sue him for back child support?  He also forged documents saying he did pay me all those years & they didn't reference check what he documented.  If they would audit his bank account they would see clearly he never paid me.  Where so I begin & in what state?	Family Questions	Hawaii
If a woman runs an ad for divorce and the man gets out of jail, does he have to file for divorce too? If a woman runs an ad in the paper for divorce and the man gets out of jail does he have to file for divorce also? It now has been 2 0years ago.	Family Questions	Georgia
In the District of Columbia is driving in a bus zone permitted when keeping straight through an intersection? In the District of Columbia is driving in a bus zone permitted when keeping straight through an intersection?	Personal Injury Questions	Maryland
Legal recourse if my neighbor ate my dog? My neighbor ate my dog. What is my legal recourse?	Criminal Questions	New York
Does a dog have to have a lease in their yard without a fence? Does a dog have to have a lease in their yard without a fence?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
If I committed a crime and I&#39;m currently on probation, would he be the one who violates or me? If I committed a crime and I'm currently on probation, Would he be the one who violates, me or would the court decide that?	Criminal Questions	California
Can a company automatically renew a contract that the date on the original contract has expired without verbal or written consent? In the state of Illinois can a company automatically renew a contract that the date on the original contract has expired without verbal or written consent?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
How do I stop from getting evicted from a landlord that is using self-eviction tactics? How do I stop from getting evicted from a landlord that is using self-eviction tactics? I have  never missed or been late on my rent in 9 years but have been insisting that she fix the apartment up, which she refuses to do unless I move out.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
From a legal decree my ex owes me $15,000 when he sells the house. If he sells it at a loss, does he still have to pay me and when? When he sells the house, correct?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Is company liable for bill if price for work exceeds expectations? Plating company gives hardware withpurchase orderto another company to perform a dry film lube task.Plating company did not obtain a quote for this work.  Other company charges a price of 4,207.00Plating Co expected a price of 200.00. Is plating company liable for the bill?	Contract Questions	Florida
Before I remarry, can I leave my adult kids as beneficiaries for my life insurance &amp; still go to them? Before I remarry can I leave my adult kids as beneficiaries for my life insurance & IRA acct & it will still go to them when I die?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Article of incorporation asks for max number of preferred stock issued. I am incorporating a C corp in Delaware with 10 million common stock. The company will be getting outside investment soon and will need to issue preferred stock then. The article ofincorporationasks for maximum number of preferred stock can be issued.What number should be used here?	Corporate Questions,Financial Questions	California
How does a Attorney Collect his fees from a WC that has a Award and client is receiving PPD? In Kentucky how does a Attorney Collect his fees from a WC that has a Award and client is receiving PPD, my lawyer says he gets money from my PPD every week until I run out.	Personal Injury Questions	Kentucky
How to remove shed from property? I bought a home in Virginia and there is a shed on my property and was told it was grandfathered in and didn't need a permit since it was before 1995 put up. What can I do legally to get this moved?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Virginia
If I get custody of my kids do I still have to pay child support or does the mother? If I get custody of my kids do I still have to pay child support or does the mother?	Family Questions	Illinois
if real estate agent didn&#39;t find a buyer and I did, was the agent demanding commission anyway? if real estate agent, with no signed contract,  didn't find a buyer and I did, was the agent demanding commission anyway?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If I&#39;m a petitioner in a protective order can i choose not to go to court? If I'm a petitioner in a protective order can i choose not to go to court?	Criminal Questions	Oklahoma
My husband &amp; his ex-wife have been divorced for 20 yrs. She remarried and assumed husband #2 last name. She has been divorced from him for 15 yrs but continued to keep his surname as her legal last name.  Can she legally change her last name back to that of husband #1 even though they are divorced?	Family Questions	Indiana
What should I do if Human Resources is making me sign a new offer for a decreased pay rate? I was an on call employee which offered a higher pay rate from my base pay at my position. I was offered a full time position which takes away the higher pay rate and drops you to the base pay. I was given an offer letter to accept the full time position, however the stated pay was still the higher pay rate for the on call position. I signed it, made a copy for my keepings and turned it in. Now human resources has noticed the mistake and is asking me to sign a new offer letter with the decreased pay rate. What should I do?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Is it typical for Mexico to request the seller and buyer for a 10% of the purchase price reimbursable binder fee? Lakewood management services in Chicago Illinois is a brokerage firm that's using Taylor Trust Co in Texas to prepare docs for the purchase of my timeshare in Mexico. I received a Hud 1 yesterday with the name of the buyer being a 85602 Ltd in Laredo, TX as well as 3 references of people who have done business with Lakewood management services. I left messages for 2 of them. Is it typical for Mexico to request the seller and buyer for a 10% of the purchase price reimbursable binder fee and if I pay 50% of it, with Lakewood management services paying the other portion, will I have any legal recourse if they don't close the deal?	Consumer Questions	New Jersey
If I spot on deliver law in Virginia for used car, what are my rights as buyer? If I spot on deliver law in Virginia for used car, what are my rights as buyer?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Can I sue Verizon if they put my name on a 2-year contract that I didn&#39;t approve and charging me to end? Verizon Wireless put my name on 2 year contract and I did approve and now they charged me like 600 hundred dollars for early termination. Can i sue them?	Consumer Questions	Alabama
How to separate and move away from abusive unemployed spouse? I am a mother of a 3 yr old, still married with him and wanting to separate and move out of his mother's house. He is a VA and is still getting unemployment. I need to know what are my options and if he has to help us; there is a lot of verbal and recently physical abuse.	Family Questions	Texas
Do current warrants show up on a pre-employment criminal background check? Do current warrants show up on a pre-employment criminal background check?	Employment Questions	Florida
How do I attain the records from a child support hearing? How do I attain the records from a child support hearing? How do I get records on someone that signed his patently right off on their child?	Family Questions	Maine
Question regarding my previous jobs letting me go stating that I had violated safety violations? My previous jobs let me go stating that I had violated safety violations. They stated on the write up that they had warned me of this before, but they hadn't. When they gave me a copy of my write up I notice that they had forged my signature.	Employment Questions	Virginia
How do you write a petition to the court regarding real estate property. My father&#39;s signature was forged on a warranty deed and I need to file a civil suit against the person. They have put the house up for sale.	Litigation Law Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Texas
Employer will prevent future employment if I do not drop suit. Employer of 14 yrs. terminated me by certified mail while out on FMLA. I filed with the EEOC and the IL Dept. of Human Rights. Attorney for employer states if I drop the suit they will give me a neutral reference otherwise they will prevent me from obtaining future employment.  Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I change my name back to maiden name before i get divorced? Can I change my name back to maiden name before i get divorced?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Missouri Resident-If I am in State&#39;s Custody but not in DFS or DYS systems, can my friend&#39;s mom still go through with a kinship legal guardianship? (I&#39;m 4 months from turning 18.)	Family Questions,Legal Questions	Missouri
How old does a child have to be to attend school in Illinois? How old does a child have to be to attend school in Illinois? My child is 5 yo and is not wanting to attend school yet	Family Questions	Illinois
Question declaring bankruptcy back in 2009 and on chapter 7? I declared bankruptcy back in 2009 and on chapter 7.The final decree came down later that year.My attorney failed to validate and submit the mortgage re-affirmation agreement we signed and he signed to the court.Now the bank will not modify using this as an excuse although the schedules submitted to the court clearly state that we re-affirm the mortgage loan.The question is are they correct and is this legally required to submit the re-affirmation to the court and is this atty. liable/negligent for not doing it?Please help	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it lease violation if I got verbal consent? I got verbal consent to have visiting dogs. Now, I am getting evicted for that because of lease violation.	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions	North Dakota
Can Social Security Disability income be garnished?	Administrative Law Questions	Kentucky
Are there statute of limitations for contracts forbidding re-employment? I signed a contract which stated I would not seek re-employment with a job in the state of Michigan. This was in 2003. Now in 2010 I was rehired with the state agency. Now after one year of exemplary employment I am suspended. Are there any statues of limitations regarding such signed agreements?	Contract Questions	Michigan
Cox Communications is not going to provide cell phone services and I have a two year contract. If I break it, it would be two or three hundred dollars. Wouldn&#39;t it owe me for breaking the contract before the end of the two year term?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Ohio
If I have a 3rd party contract with someone about ownership of home once it&#39;s paid for and it&#39;s not notarized is it binding? If I have a 3rd party contract with someone about ownership of home once it's paid for and it's not notarized is it binding?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Does sister have to return inherited car to estranged wife? My dad died of cancer. Before this, he gifted car to my sister, he bought car out of 401K which his estranged wife and sister are to inherit jointly. Wife is suing. Does my sister have to return the car to her? He lived in Calif. After the fact, can sister sue estranged wife for false allegations?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
What to do if a friend is slandering my name on FaceBook and on Topix? A friend is slandering my name on FaceBook and on Topix saying I was talking about them and said I hacked them when I did not. They are harassing me and a friend saying we will be in jail when it continues. The fact is, we never said anything to them they are mad because me and the friend talks. They will not stop slandering my name on their facebooks i have them blocked. I need to know WHAT to do to make it end!	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Can I ask judge to give me 30 days to move in eviction case? I have to go to court for an eviction and I have no where to go with my family. Can I ask the judge to give me 30 days to move out instead of the 5 days they are giving me?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Arizona
Criminal offense if my ex-husband falsified legal documents regarding property and debt in our divorce? I just discovered that my ex-husband falsified legal documents regarding property and debt in our divorce 3.5 years ago. Is that a criminal offense?  Can I do anything about pursing the issue now?  I am having problems with him buying out my interest in our property as agreed in the divorce settlement.	Family Questions	Florida
Can my daughter file a rule 35 as she only been locked up about a 45 days? Can my daughter file a rule 35 as she only been locked up about a 45 days?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Can you get denied if you paying child support? Can you get denied if you paying child support?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Acceptable to withhold previously earned funds from being paid out until I work another two weeks? Hi, my name is Alexandra. I recently have had payroll issues with my employer not paying me the monies owed to me after working. I presented the issues to my employers human resource department and the matter was not resolved in a timely manner as well as I was told I would not receive said funds until the following pay period. Now with this employer the pay schedule has been recently switched over to a one week lag pay period so that we are only paid actual hours worked. So my question is..... Is this legally acceptable for my employer to withhold previously earned funds from being paid out until I work another two weeks ?	Employment Questions	Virginia
What can I do if my landlord is telling me to get rid of my dog when she was okay with it originally? I have been renting my apartment for 2 yrs now & upon moving in I told the landlord of my dog. She agreed that it was okay & handed me the sign beware of dog to put on the fence & she has petted my dog twice. Now that she is trying to rent out the other side & my dog barks when seeing people come through the gate she is telling me to get rid of my dog. I"m up-to-date with rent plus my other bills. Can she do this to me?	Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
Is it illegal for foreman to take hours off my time card? A foreman at my company has been taking hours off my time card. Is this illegal?  What legal action can be taken?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can battery case continue if victim related to perpetrator and unwilling to press charges? In the state of Arizona, can officers of the law continue a battery case even though the victim of the battery is related to the perpetrator? He doesn't want to press charges because it was just a dispute with a brother.	Criminal Questions,Family Questions	New York
Time to serve motion to start child support after filing but before case begins? After filing a motion to start child support, how long does it take for the other party to be served with the notice to begin the case?	Family Questions	Michigan
If I am going through chemo and are unable to work can my support be increased? If I am going through chemo and are unable to work can my support be increased?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
If a Texas Company comes to Missouri to perform a service (Real Estate Instructional Seminar) are they bound by Missouri Laws? Can they avoid Missouri Laws by having a Missouri citizen sign a Texas document for that service and training?	Contract Questions	Missouri
Can I make appointment then come over and pick up my driver ID? Can I make appointment then come over and pick up my driver ID?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Legal to find a non-practicing, licensed broker to partner with so he can accept referral fees? My husband's company, a real estate lead generation site in Texas, is wanting to find a non-practicing, licensed broker to partner with so he can accept referral fees.  The broker would not be managing the company, my husband would.  We would just need his partnership to accept the fees.  Is this legal?  Thank you!	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Texas
I would like to change my stepson&#39;s last name. What do I need to do to change it? I have a wonderful step son age 4 whose father just was placed on child support. His biological father is not on the birth certificate and was never married to my wife. My wife and I would love to change his last name to mine. What do I need to do in order to make this happen?	Family Questions	Texas
Will I be responsible for previous owner&#39;s back lot rent? Will I be responsible for any back lot rents owed to lot owner if I buy a trailer home on his lot from a previous tenant?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Am I responsible to the total cost of new carpet after moving out? I received balance due notice after move out and was charged for replacement of carpet in whole apartment when it only needed to be replaced in the living room. The explanation was that they had a new vendor carpet did not match so all had to be replaced. Am I responsible to the total cost of new carpet?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
When does the child support normally stop for a child in Philadelphia PA when they turn 18? Do you have continue to pay until they graduate high school well into their 18th birthday?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
As a certified pilot/escort, are my employer&#39;s regulations legal? I'm a certified pilot/escort in Arkansas. My employer told me that if I'm told to escort an over-sized load after dark then I must do so. That would be illegal, right? They have also taken our vacation and bonuses away due to some of us having to file for our part time unemployment benefits. They have made the whole crew park their trucks at a central location due to one of them had been rumored that they had been driving them while off duty. They say it wouldn't be fair to punish just one? Is this right and what can we do about it?	Contract Questions,Employment Questions	Arkansas
Can I sue the town for being shot on the streets? Can I sue the town for being shot on the streets?	Criminal Questions	New York
Mother-in-law gave daughter money to pay family home mortgage. For 5 months, my mother-in-law periodically gave my daughter money which she used to pay family's mortgage on their home. They have enough money to pay mortgage from their own funds. The mother dies after five months, but does the daughter gain greater than 50% ownership in family home living in CA?	California Questions,Family Questions	California
How can I be compensated for my loss if I was evicted and the property was sold? I was evicted from an apartment and my property was sold to pay back rent in less than 30 days. What, or how, can I be compensated for my loss?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How can I cash a check made to &quot; the estate of&quot; my mother&#39;s name if she didn&#39;t have an estate or trust account set up when she passed? How can I cash a check made to " the estate of" my mother's name if she didn't have an estate or trust account set up when she passed? She left 1,200 dollars in her account held by the care home she was in. I am named as her beneficiary.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Oregon
How do I go about making my will? How do I go about making my will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is it illegal for a mother to move away in the same state with her baby without the father when they are not married?	Family Questions	Florida
Can the father get sole custody if the mother was absent for years? Say a couple has been separated for two years, never married and they had a child together. The father of the child was 17 when the woman had gotten pregnant and lived in another state. Now the women is looking for child support and all that, what rights does the father have? Can he possibly still get sole custody? And does he have to pay back for all the years he wasn't paying custody even though it still has never been set up, nor was he employed?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Do you need a picture ID to vote in New York? In New York State school budget vote, do you need a picture identification to vote?	Immigration Questions	New York
How do I go about it if I&#39;m divorced and didn&#39;t divide up properties like house camper and 401k? I'm divorced and didn't divide up properties like house camper and 401k. Not sure how to go about doing it.	Real Estate Questions	Delaware
What can they do if I&#39;m being charged with uttering a forgery  and I&#39;m a minor and first time offender? What can they do if I'm being charged with uttering a forgery  and I'm a minor and first time offender?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
How can i get my personal items from a broken relationship? How can i get my personal items from a broken relationship?	Criminal Questions	Oregon
Can anything be done due to not having proper council for a dui case? Can anything be done due to not having proper council for a dui case?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What three things must be present to make it a valid gift? What three things must be present to make it a valid gift?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can private disability be garnished? I was married for 43 years and I paid for private disability for my then husband for many years.  We are now divorced and he has $5000 (net) every month and is not honoring his decree.  I only asked for $800/month. We're both 66; we both live in KY, a state that garnishes.  My question is:  Can private disability be garnished?  I called UNUM, the provider and they were not helpful at all.	Family Questions	Kentucky
Can a tenant use video surveillance in common areas of apartment complex? Can a tenant use video surveillance in common areas of apartment complex?  Tenant above me has 2 cameras on balcony and records 24/7. Is this an invasion of my (and others) right to privacy?  I live in Massachusetts.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
if the respondent doesn&#39;t show up to custody hearing does he forfeit his rights? if the respondent doesn't show up to custody hearing does he forfeit his rights?	Family Questions	New York
What can a tenant do if the housing authority is not doing anything to solve a roach infestation? what can a tenant do if the Bradenton housing authority is not doing anything to solve a roach infestation?	Family Questions	Florida
What can I do if I received a building code violation notice &amp; I don&#39;t have the money to fix the violations? I received a building code violation notice. I don't have the money to fix the violations. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What can be done about a person who is supposed to be over a person and they are not doing there job? What can be done about a person who is supposed to be over a person and they are not doing there job?	Family Questions	Virginia
Is there a law about how far in advance an employer must post a work schedule? is there a law about how far in advance an employer must post a work schedule? Like not knowing the next weeks schedule till a couple days before making it impossible to schedule doctors appointments?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Can county claim property on other side of fence? Water lines are being placed in our town. There are trees and a phone line. We don't really want the trees cut down. The county came to a conclusion that because we moved our fence in a few feet, they can claim the other side of the fence as theirs, and will cut the trees. Can the county do that?	Real Estate Questions	New Mexico
How do I get out of a contract with JD Byrider? The car I had with them has been totaled and I don&#39;t have it anymore, but they still want me to make payments on a car that&#39;s non-existent. Help!	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Finance Questions,Leasing Questions	Michigan
Can some one help me file my appeal to the veteran board of appeals in DC? Can some one help me file my appeal to the veteran board of appeals in WA, DC? I was denied my benefits again. Please help me I need a lawyer. contact me at&#x63;&#97;&#x72;&#x65;&#110;&#111;&#x66;&#x75;&#x74;&#x63;&#x68;&#64;&#x68;&#111;&#116;&#x6d;&#x61;&#105;&#x6c;&#46;&#x63;&#x6f;&#109;or 912 537-7732	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
If I am injured at work in Massachusetts and cannot return to work and there is no short term disability what are my rights? If I am injured at work in Massachusetts and cannot return to work and there is no short term disability what are my rights?	Personal Injury Questions	New Hampshire
Can I sue my former employee for not allowing me to take breaks or lunches? Can I sue my former employee for not allowing me to take breaks or lunches?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Likelihood that a judge would give my ex much in the way of visits where they;re away from me? My ex signed a previous custody statement entitling him to 3 visits a year for up to 5 days at a time.  The kids live 6 hours away from him.  He hasn't seen them in 15 months. My children are 5, 2, and 1.  My ex was having and affair and after my youngest was born he took off to be with her.  A month after my child's birth, he was admitted to the hospital for 44 days and had 2 open heart surgeries, he has still health problems.  My ex has only seen him 18 days of his life.  Now he demands custody!  He knows nothing of my sons health issues and my oldest just started Kindergarten.  What is the likelihood that a judge would give him much in the way of visits where they are away from me for extended periods of time?  Should I get a lawyer?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If I have physical custody of my children 50% or more of the time do i still owe child support? If I have physical custody of my children 50% or more of the time do i still owe child support in the state of PA?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Will documents filed with Florida probate be acceptable upon demise? A will and revocable trust drawn in NH, moved to Florida.  Will documents filed with Florida probate be acceptable upon demise?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is there any law that will make a person pay you the apprised value of land that was willed to you? Is there any law that will make a person pay you the apprised value of land that was willed to you?  this person has brought off all the other airs except two of us.  there were 10.  the land is apprised for 500,000 two years ago my part should be 50.000 the others sold out for 15,000 there are two of us who didn't sell to her.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Louisiana
What can i do to stop a 2004 money garnishment when the landlord did not inform me? My money is being garnished for a 2004 money issue. I owe to my landlord without me been informed either by writing as the law directed.  What can i do to stop this?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How do I go about for filing child support and custody papers? How do I go about for filing child support and custody papers? I live in Nevada and am still currently married to my husband.	Family Questions	Nevada
If I lose my job can i file a discrimination lawsuit? I would like to know if I can file a discrimination lawsuit and the reason being is i got hired on my job in 2010. I'm still currently working there. I got my felony in 2006 the same general manager that hired me is still my general manager but they hired another general manager at another property in Pinellas. He was furious on why he had felons working on his property so he went to corporate office and it ended up as everyone had to do a background check. If I lose my job can i file a discrimination lawsuit?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can my theft case get dismissed if it was my first crime? i have a theft case and this is my first crime and i was wondering if so can it be dismissed?	Criminal Questions	Alaska
What is considered misrepresentation and unfair business practices? What is considered misrepresentation and unfair business practices? I am in a situation where the tour agency continuously provides suggestions that increases my vacation budget although they reluctantly said they may refund my payment. They insulted me and said I was at fault for my distress when I made various complains. Please help!	Consumer Questions	Florida
What to do if I am an United State citizen and got married over a year with an illegal Mexican? Hi. I am an United State citizen and got married over a year with a Mexican man. He got into the country by the border illegal. I already filed a I 130 form for fiancee petitioner and had been approved. Now all the lawyers that I have consult said my husband have to leave the country in the way to get his green card and work authorization card. I am really scare to get him deported and punished for 10 years if he got out of the country. Please I hope to get a better answer that I heard before. Thank you	Immigration Questions	California
Falsely sued by my bank? I am being sued by my former bank for overdraft fees and late fees. I paid these fees last Friday. But they insisted that I still have to show up for court and pay their lawyer plus court costs. Since I'm being sued for money that I have paid to the bank, I feel I'm only being sent to court to pay a lawyer there for the sake of being there to be paid. Is this legal?	Finance Questions	Illinois
Is lease binding without landlord signature and copy given to tenant? Is a landlord in Alabama required to sign and provide a copy of a lease to the tenant in order for the lease to be binding?	Leasing Questions	Alabama
How long do I have to hold onto my ex boyfriends property after a domestic violence situation? how long do I have to hold onto my ex boyfriends property after a domestic violence situation caused him to become evicted from my apartment?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Does a Landlord have the right to enter a renter&#39;s home anytime they want without written notice? Does a Landlord in LA have the right to enter a renter's home anytime they want without written notice?	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
How can I file for a divorce from a halfway house? How can I file for a divorce from a halfway house?	Family Questions	New Jersey
Can a custodial parent give temporary custody of children without consent of the non-custodial parent? Can a custodial parent give temporary custody of minor children without the consent of the non-custodial parent?	Family Questions	Virginia
Is my late aunt&#39;s will invalid if she did not sign each page but got it notarized? My aunt died a week ago and she left a will stating that she has left everything to me but did not sign each page but did get it notarized. Is the will invalid in the state of Louisiana?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Louisiana
Question regarding my sister filling out an immigration form? My 24 year old sister filled out an immigration form about a year ago she voluntarily left about 5 months ago to help with the process. She was told she would get a package carrying the information she needed to be able to come back to the U.S as soon as possible. Today she went to the post office in Mexico hoping it would be her package but instead they gave her a letter saying her she was punished for one more year. This devastated her I would like to know why she's punished for a year. She has done nothing wrong and has a perfectly clean record and has filed in every last paper the lawyers asked her for. Personally I don't think this is fair. I would really like to know why she's being punished a year?	Immigration Questions	Illinois
If the cops come with a warrant for the previous renter, Do they have the right to search my house? The cops come to my house with a warrant for the previous renter.  Do they have the right to search my house or property? What are the officers rules they have to follow when serving that warrant?	Family Questions	Michigan
If I use my horses for demonstrations in my Equine Massage business, can I write off their expenses? Hi! I was wondering, if I use my horses for demonstrations in my Equine Massage business, can I write off their expenses (Board, feed, vet bills, etc.)?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	California
What are the consequences for defaulting on an owner financed loan? What are the consequences for defaulting on an owner financed loan?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Question regarding getting fired recently for not driving a company truck after i had been drinking? I was fired recently for not driving a company truck after i had been drinking. This comes after I brought drug abuse to the owners attention. I field a complaint with osha and was told to contact a lawyer. What should I do?	Employment Questions	Wyoming
How to take legal action against a property manager trying to torture his customer? How to take legal action against a property manager trying to torture his customer?I'm a customer trying to rent an apt. My application is been approved, still he refuses to sign in a lease and let me move it. He is telling me lies everyday and he is torturing me for the past one month by not letting me sign in a lease and move in. Right now I'm staying in a hotel with kids and all my money is spent in hotel because of this man's mean and cheap behavior. Why should i tolerate this craziness and how can he ill treatment me like this. What should i do to legally take action against this man?. PL. help me and I'm totally stressed out and agitated by this man's ill-treatment?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can child support be garnished from my bank account? can child support be garnished from my bank account?	Family Questions	West Virginia
Is there a statue of limitations on money that is owed by a family member? is there a statue of limitations on money that is owed by a family member?	Family Questions	Virginia
What are the 5 behaviors not tolerated by the law? What are the 5 behaviors not tolerated by the law?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Is it wrong for a school district to suspend a student for something but let another student get away with it? Is it wrong for a school district to suspend a student for something but let another student get away with it?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
If I pay $2,000 a month and have not been able to since march should i foreclose or go into short sales? Recently in March I had a motorcycle accident and I'm about to lose my house. They refused to help. I pay $2,000 a month and have not been able to since march should i foreclose or go into short sales? Who pays the difference if i go and sell the property for less?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If a rental property becomes condemned, how long does the tenant have to move out?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Can a tenant only sue for remaining rent of lease unless it gets rented? Can a tenant only sue for remaining rent of lease unless it gets rented?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
If I&#39;m in a midland funding lawsuit, should I deny each complaint? If I'm in a midland funding lawsuit, should I deny each complaint?	Consumer Questions	California
Can you get suspended for an incident outside the workplace involving me and another associate? Can you get suspended for an incident outside the workplace involving me and another associate?	Employment Questions	Alabama
What is my best choice if I should pay off my car or pay part of my mortgage? What is my best choice if I should pay off my car or pay part of my mortgage?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
I was wondering what requirements I would have to meet to get the parental rights of the father of my son taken away who hasn&#39;t been around? I have a two year old boy who's father hasn't been around. I was wondering what requirements I would have to meet to get his parental rights taken away?  I live in Texas.	Family Questions	Texas
How many hours can they make a laborer work in the gas line industry as confined entry and other wise such as 13 hrs and then send them to do confined space? How many hours can they make a laborer work in the gas line industry as confined entry and other wise such as 13 hrs and then send them to do confined space?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Looking for consultation regarding contract with a Colombia company to perform e-marketing services? I am desperately looking for a consultation or legal advise regarding a contract that I signed with a company in Colombia to perform e-marketing services.  The owner returned to the country and never gave me a copy of the signed contract and they also owe me money.  I have written to them and also have recorded conversations where they say they sent me payment and I tell them that I never received it.  I have also told them that I would like to settle for half of the money they owe me, in good faith, because I don't want to take them to Court, etc. and they are still giving me the run around.  I'm not sure what else I can do.	Employment Questions	Florida
I have a tenant who has her boyfriend live with her and he is not listed on the lease. I want him out but the police will not remove him. I live in Chambersburg, PA. What recourse do I have?

Thanks.	Leasing Questions	Pennsylvania
Is an employer required to notify a family member when an employee leaves work via an ambulance and sent to a hospital? Is an employer required to notify a family member when an employee leaves work via an ambulance and sent to a hospital?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
When a parent&#39;s legal custody is taken &amp; restraining order issued is he obligated to pay child support? In the state of Georgia when a parent's legal and physical custody is taken from him and restraining order issued is he obligated to pay child support?	Family Questions	Georgia
What are the laws of terminating my rights without my knowledge or permission? What are the laws of terminating my rights without my knowledge or permission?	Family Questions	California
In the state of Missouri after you fill out a will and get notarized do you have to do a will affidavit? What is the affidavit for? In the state of Missouri after you fill out a will and get notarized do you have to do a willaffidavit document? What is the affidavit for?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Nebraska
Does child support accrue while you&#39;re incarcerated in Pinellas County, Florida? Does child support accrue while you're incarcerated in Pinellas County, Florida?	Family Questions	Florida
what type of document if any can override a trust? what type of document if any can override a trust?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Can my employer call my doctor and change my appointments? Can my employer call and harass my doctor and change my appointments without my permission?	Employment Questions	New York
Will adding husband&#39;s name to house after purchase entitle him to proceeds? I bought a house in my name and later added my husband's name. If we divorce will I have to sell and split proceeds?	Family Questions	Illinois
Can child support arrears in Idaho be erased when all children are 21 and there are no current support due? Can child support arrears in Idaho be erased when all children are 21 and there are no current support due?	Family Questions	Idaho
Implied Consent Confusion. I have a implied consent case coming up in a little less than a month.  What can I do to challenge the state of Minnesota on this?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Who should take care of my late sister&#39;s child? My sister & her husband were killed in a wreck. They had one child that is 13. Who should have first choice, of the child if it's been the child's caregiver?	Family Questions	Georgia
Does a Living Trust have to be filed in Court? Does a Living Trust have to be filed in Court?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Tennessee
What to do if I&#39;m unable to pay for a fine because I have no money or job? I have a fine. I need to pay and I'm not working and I'm on DSS with my family so I haven't been able to get the money for court. I got it pushed back once I've been trying to find work but I couldn't. What do I do?	Criminal Questions	New York
Can my employer hold my last check if I quit? Can my employer hold my last check if I quit? I was given permission to work on my own vehicle and now he wants to bill me for it.	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can a 17 year old be questioned by police without a parent present? Can a 17 year old be questioned by police without a parent present?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
How can I get out of a rental lease agreement that I just signed and haven&#39;t moved in yet? How can I get out of arental lease agreementthat I just signed and haven't moved in yet? I signed a 12-month contract for an apartment and although they told me I can move in today, now they are saying maybe tomorrow. They have also been rude to me so I really want to get out of this lease legally and need to know how to do it.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Arkansas
Does my friend have any recourse if her house had been demolished (probably by the city)? I have an elderly friend that has been living in a retirement center for about a year or so. She had just found out that her house, which was in bad shape, had just been demolished (probably by the city). She was never notified of this. Does she have any recourse?	Real Estate Questions	Oklahoma
Can a officer make arrest outside their district? Can a officer make an arrest in a different district?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Can my mobile home park owners make me sign a lease? Can my mobile home park owners make me sign a lease? What are my options, if any? I live in Stanislaus County, California.	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I collect unemployment while I am collecting a monthly pension annuity? I recently lost my job and I am able to collect on my pension. However, I want to find another job very soon.  Can I collect unemployment while I am collecting a monthly pension annuity?	Employment Questions	New York
is it illegal for my boss to take money out of my pay for a mistake I made that he is able to fix easily? is it illegal for my boss to take money out of my pay for a mistake i made that he is able to fix easily?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
What are the legal actions I need to take? My spouse is on probation for a DUI/DWAI case from 2010. And he continues to drink. What are the legal actions I need to take?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Is the following info a scam? Is this a scam? E-mail from David Cole working inFor Scott Dunn travel.To join our team soonest possible you have to confirm your intention to work with usby filling and sending us the EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT andEMPLOYMENT APPLICATION(see attached).The procedure is as follows:1. Edit, fill-in (not typing) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT and EMPLOYMENT APPLICATION;2. To send us by e-mail or fax +1.206-333-1017;All information will be confidential and will be used for your job.We guarantee your security.Note:Please read and fill in all forms very carefully to eliminate possible malfunction.Having sent all forms please wait for 1 day to get a response	Consumer Questions,Employment Questions	Michigan
If I&#39;m trying to prove verbal sexual harassment can you use a voice recorder without both party&#39;s consent? If I'm trying to prove verbal sexual harassment can you use a voice recorder without both party's consent?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can I win if I sue my son&#39;s father&#39;s estate for back child support? Can I win if I sue my son's father's estate for back child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Is there anything I can do if I&#39;m done with my probation but won&#39;t release me cause I owe money? I am currently on probation in the state of VA. I have done 3 years on the charge. My probation officer wants me to be released but the court will not because I still owe money. Is there anything I can do?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
What is a voluntary dismissal of a Petition for Confirmation of Sale under power of sale? What is a voluntary dismissal of a Petition for Confirmation of Sale under power of sale?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
If two doctors get married do they need a prenuptial in case one of them gets a malpractice lawsuit? If two doctors get married do they need a prenuptial in case one of them gets a malpractice lawsuit?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can a spouse live in another and still be eligible for pensions and other assets if husband agrees? Can a spouse live in another and still be eligible for pensions and other assets if husband agrees to this in writing?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
I cosigned on a student loan for someone who just filed chapter 7. Can I due him for payments? I cosigned on a student loan for someone who just filed chapter 7. Can I due him for payments?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Can I hold a person liable for horse theft if they transported my horses from one state to another? Can I hold a person liable for horse theft if they transported my horses from one state to another for employment purposes for the person under the agreement if we did not relocate with them(the employer) the person would transport them back to us. Instead the person is trying to sale our horses and has sold one. Can I sue this person for hardship and the cost of the horses return.	Criminal Questions	California
Can I get annulment in GA for duress if my supposed 3 weeks won&#39;t agree? Can I get annulment in GA for duress if my supposed 3 weeks won't agree? Second, if I have my own place and have not moved in with him (no finances shared too), can he go after my assets?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can I sign guardianship of my two children over to my parents without my estranged husband&#39;s consent? Can I sign guardianship of my two children over to my parents without my estranged husband's consent?	Family Questions	Georgia
Is the agreement binding? A contract is entered into and there is an acknowledged dispute. The plaintiff does not know about the section of the lease and the agreement is amended by the defendant and forced upon without arbitration. Is that agreement binding?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
If a girl is pregnant &amp; does not have a job, can she be emancipated? If a girl is pregnant & does not have a job, can she be emancipated?	Family Questions	California
Against the law to not have working trailer lights on a personal utility trailer you pull behind your vehicle? is it against the law to not have working trailer lights on a personal utility trailer you pull behind you personal vehicle?	Family Questions	Kentucky
If my auto PIP would be in effect for coverage while riding my motorcycle? I have motorcycle insurance comp & collision without medical benefits. I am also rider on someone else's automobile policy with another company that does have PIP benefits.Two weeks ago I was mugged while riding my motorcycle. I am trying to find some help with medical and lost wages, and was wondering if my auto PIP would be in effect for coverage while riding my motorcycle?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Legal if a neighbor is crossing the property line with fencing? If a neighbor is crossing the property line with fencing, is that legal?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can landlord lock me out of apartment if I owe back rent? I live in McCracken Co, KY, and I lost my job and l must move from the apartment that I live in. I am behind in my rent and now the landlord has locked me out of the apartment and my things are still in the apartment. I know that I own the landlord back rent. My question is can they lock me out?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
Am I able to go back &amp; have my back payments lowered by going to court and showing my tax returns? I have a son in Indiana that I pay child support for, who is 12.  Before getting a good paying job I worked and went to college but the ex went to court and raised the amount.  Am I able to go back and have some of my back payments (which I fell behind on) lowered by going to court and showing my tax returns?	Family Questions	Indiana
When quitting a job in CA how long do you have to wait to get paid? When quitting a job in Ca how long do you have to wait to get paid?	Employment Questions	California
Can you go back and contest a divorce that has been final for 4 years? Can you go back and contest a divorce that has been final for 4 years?	Family Questions	Iowa
Any recourse if an adoption agency gave my name to the family that adopted my child &amp; it was a closed? Any recourse if an adoption agency gave my name, the biological mother, to the family that adopted my child and it was a closed adoption?	Family Questions	Washington
If the grantor keeps the income and does not claim the extra on their taxes is that a fraud? I am currently a beneficiary of an irrevocable trust. If I do not receive the income from the property and the grantor simply keeps the income to his/herself and does not claim the extra income on their taxes is that considered tax fraud?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
I purchased a truck from a private owner 2 weeks ago. He has not sent me the title. What recourse do I have to obtain the title?	Contract Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do with a neighbor fencing my property? What to do with a neighbor fencing my property?	Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
Is Florida a community property state? Is Florida a community property state?	Family Questions	Florida
What to do if my girlfriend made an error in a contract in subletting a room? My girlfriend made an error in a contract. The contract was made for the act of subletting her apartment to someone else. She used a pre-written, generic contract she got offline and completely overlooked the fact that the contract said "apartment" and not "one room within apartment". Nevertheless, he was made aware that she was subletting the other room on numerous occasions and he agreed. Now he's using my girlfriend's "error" against her and it's frustrating because she only intended that he sublease one room, not the whole apartment but that pre-written contract says the he agrees to sublease the apartment. The contract is literally a couple weeks fresh. Can we do anything about this? Can we take him to small claims court and win? Help!	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Can my boss fire me the next day if they gave me a warning prior between another employee? Can my boss fire me the next day if he or she gave me a warning the previous day about turmoil between another employee?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Can I legally promote a future franchise that is in the process of being formed? Can I legally promote a future franchise that is in the process of being formed?  However, it is not legally formed as of yet.  It would only be promoted as in the process of being formed.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Colorado
Can I get more child support from my ex if he just got a new job? My daughter's father just got a new job making $10,000 more a year than his current job. He pays me and two other women child support. Can I get more child support from him? Can I request an increase also for childcare expenses so that I can get a job and go to work myself?	Family Questions	Florida
Question regarding wanting to be released from my real estate contract? i want to be released from my real estate contract. The broker does not want top because he said it is not fair to him.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Is it possible to reduce the first child support to pay for the 2nd and 3rd child? My son has 2 children now, another due in march. He has moved home with me because he can't afford the large child support for the first child as they keep increasing it so in order to give any money to the 2nd child. Is it possible to reduce the first child support to pay for the 2nd,3rd child?	Family Questions	New York
Can you get a speeding ticket when you are out the car and 50ft away? Can you get a speeding ticket when you are out the car and 50ft away?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
How to get deposit money back on abandon property? How to get deposit money back on abandon property?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is not taking your child to the doctor&#39;s or dentist&#39;s considered child abuse? Is not taking your child to the doctor's or dentist's considered child abuse?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Anything changed since I established my A-B Ling Trust that would  impact our residence in that trust? Has anything changed in Florida since I established my A-B Ling Trust in 1996 that would negatively impact my having our primary residence in that trust; a.) while both my wife and myself are still living or b.) after one or both of us die?Thank you....Jerry	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can someone sue after accepting payment? Can someone sue after accepting payment?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Can I change my mind and back out of a lease? I signed a lease and gave a deposit of 1st month's rent and security deposit 2 weeks ago. I was not due to move in for another 2 weeks. Can I change my mind and back out? In other words not move in at all? should I expect any money back or is that money lost?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
How can I get free legal aid about lawyer for unemployment appeal? How can I get free legal aid about lawyer for unemployment appeal in Broward county in Florida?	Employment Questions	Florida
If landlord contacted me about property that I&#39;m leasing, can i move out of residence? My landlord contacted me about the sale of the property that I am leasing. They are closing next month. Can i move out of the residence before the closing of the sale?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If I have a lien on a property that is about to go into foreclosure, how do I make sure I get my money? If I have a lien on a property that is about to go into foreclosure, how do I make sure I get my money?	Real Estate Questions	Montana
Can a green card holder US resident petition an alien and the same can work in the USA? Can a green card holder US resident petition an alien and the same can work in the USA?	Employment Questions	California
If I go to get my license will DOR prevent me from getting it or will the take it away after I obtain it? I don't have a license and I've never paid my child support. If I go to get my license will DOR prevent me from getting it or will the take it away after I obtain it?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
As I&#39;m 19 years old can i file for my back child support from my daddy? As I'm 19 years old can i file for my back child support from my daddy?	Family Questions	Virginia
What to do if I have no money and I was evicted and lost in court? I was evicted in 2011 and lost in court. I got kicked out for being late on rent due to a surgery real estate agent lying and said she would work with me and as long as they were getting money. They wouldn't kick me out but they did/ I am almost done paying off the garnishment and now they are suing me for the house being empty for 4 months and damages. But they have my deposit and I know there was no more then what my deposit will cover in damages. What do I do? I have a limited time o respond and no $ for a lawyer.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
In Wisconsin do I have 24 hours to void a bill of sale as a seller? In Wisconsin do I have 24 hours to void abill of sale formas a seller?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
Why you might need a lawyer? Why you might need a lawyer?	Employment Questions	District of Columbia
Does the bank own my property when they have a lien on it? Does the bank own my property when they have a lien on it?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Can you sue the online game Dark Orbit if they ban you for something you didn&#39;t do? Can you sue the online game Dark Orbit if they ban you for something you didn't do?  They banned me for trying to say I used a bot,  But I never did, and bots are not allowed.	Finance Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have a case against the school district for no hiring, in spite of my obvious qualifications advantage? I am an unemployed  certified K-12 Spanish Teacher. I have taken on two-long term substituting assignments for the same Spanish teacher at the same school: Last year for about six weeks and, this year for about five weeks. When her job was posted, I applied for it as I was substituting for her. I was not chosen for the position, in spite of my 5 years of teaching experience. Instead, the job went to somebody with no teaching experience. My question is: Do I have a case against the school and the school district for no hiring, in spite of my obvious qualifications advantage?	Employment Questions	Florida
Does your boss have the right to scream and curse at you? Does your boss have the right to scream and curse at you?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I remove my roommate when he is not on the lease but says he is? I am on the lease and my roommate is not. He has lived there for almost a year and now I want him out. He has papers saying he is still on the lease but I didn't sign it with him.	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
After successfully completing my supervision, can HS keep my children from me even with the neglect case? I recently finished a direct sentence from a halfway house and found out that my ex-wife has a neglect case on her recently involving our two children. I am the respondent father in the case and have been going to the court dates assigned. Because of my felony, the protective order first assigned when I was under supervision was that I have no contact with my children. After successfully completing my supervision, can human services keep my children from me even though the neglect case is thru no fault of my own and my children were not the victim of my felony?	Family Questions	California
Does my ex have to buy me out or does she have to take over payments? i just got divorced and home is in both our names but loan is in my name only she is living in the home. Does she have to buy me out or does she have to take over payments?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
if the father of a child files for joint custody is the mother allowed to leave the state with the child? if the father of a child files for joint custody is the mother allowed to leave the state with the child?	Family Questions	Louisiana
What to do if I&#39;m permanently disabled after helping a friend move but I don&#39;t want to sue my friend? I was helping a friend work on her home in the State of Hawaii.  I hurt my back.  Now, I may be permanently disabled.  I do not want to sue my friend.  Who will help me?  Her homeowner's insurance?  Social Security?	Personal Injury Questions	Hawaii
Is it Colorado state law that everyone, no matter drinking or not, receives citations? Recently my nephew, who is 16, was attending a party where the police showed up. The police stated that there was underage drinking going on. My nephew, who does not drink, received a citation (mip, mic) along with all the kids that were there. Is it Colorado state law that everyone, no matter drinking or not, receives these types of citations. I asked the police officer if they had observed my nephew drinking or in possession of alcohol. The officer stated no. I then asked him how he was able to issue a citation to him? The officer stated "that Colorado law states everyone drinking or not gets these two citations (mip, mic). Is this truly a Colorado law?? (Know tests of any type were given to any of the kids at the party).	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Am I entitled to an itemized statement? My wife is being billed for both an anesthesiologist and his assistant. The bill for both is about $5,000. My insurance paid about $3,000 and Palmetto Anesthesia Specialist is billing me for the balance. I called before the operation (done last Oct.) to ask for an estimate. It was about $1,000 with no mention of a CRNA assistant. I have asked 3 times since May for an itemized statement. Am I entitled to one? I live in Florida. Thank you.Robert&#70;&#x61;&#x72;&#114;&#117;&#110;&#64;&#x61;&#x6f;&#108;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;	Consumer Questions	Florida
I need help now. Ok, I have a special case and need help as soon as possible. I live in Mooresville, North Carolina, and have for three years. My ex spouse, my son, and I got a brand new house built through the rsda rural housing development fund. And recently I was forced to leave (he would no longer take me to work but I have a disability preventing me from driving ever) and my son is in daycare costing ME 150 dollars a week. There's tons more to the story, but I left home so I could have a ride to and from work which is an hour from home causing me to not even be able  to see my little guy regularly. Recently he changed the lock on the house (mind you with ALL my belongings there). What can I do to stop him?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Unable to pay court fees charged by landlord. I live in an apartment. The landlord has charged additional fees for court. I explained that I was unable to pay. These fees are not listed in my contract. What can I do legally about this matter?	Leasing Questions	Michigan
How long does a company have to protest you drawing unemployment? How long does a company have to protest you drawing unemployment?  I drew for several months.  When I went to second extension they fought. Unemployment agency now say I owe over $12,000.	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can my landlord raise my rent if I&#39;m 65 living on a fixed income? I am 65 years old living on a fixed income and my landlord wants to raise my rent.  Can they?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If I build a table with college or professional logos on it and sell that table, am I breaking the law?	Copyright Questions,Manufacturing Questions	Kansas
Find an attorney to expunge my driving record related to dui and driving on revoked in Illinois from 1986? I need to find an attorney to expunge my driving record related to dui and driving on revoked in Illinois from 1986. Hope you can at least point me in the right direction. Thanking you in advance, Debbie	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Question regarding my aunt providing child care to my son? My aunt was supposed to provide relative child care for my infant son. More than once when I called to check on him, she told me she left him with someone else so I was going to pay her $70 instead of the $110 she wanted. Will she win because I sent a text saying I would pay her $110 to keep the peace? Thanks.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
Is it legal for TitleMax to charge 133.71% annual percentage rate? I have a loan with TitleMax of Georgia, Inc. Is it legal for them to charge 133.71% annual percentage rate?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Is there any Federal Statute where they may be sued? My mortgage company failed in have several legal pieces of closing documentation signed and added to my closing agreement. By federal law I should have had these according to an independent audit company. Is there any Federal Statute where they may be sued, if so for what type of damages?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can I move out at the age of 17 in New Jersey? Can I move out at the age of 17 in New Jersey?	Family Questions	New Jersey
In the medical field, what does &quot;under the direction of a physician&quot; mean? In the medical field, what does "under the direction of a physician" mean?	Employment Questions	Florida
Can our landlord mow our grass while we were gone and send us a bill for the service We rent and keep our grass mowed regularly.  Without notice, our landlord came over  mowed our  grass while we were at work.  Then sent a bill for the service.  We replied that the bill would not be paid, this was not pre-arranges, part of our lease, or necessary.  So can he pursue this?	Family Questions	Virginia
What to do if the employer refuses to garnish the employee wages? What to do if the employer refuses to garnish the employee wages?	Employment Questions	Utah
Can I use the printed words of a song that was copyrighted in 1940 on a sign in a church? None	Copyright Questions	Virginia
Can my husband get any of my assets or any of the assets I came into the marriage with? I live in Pennsylvania and have been married for five months. My husband came into the marriage with nothing but the clothes on his back. I purchased furniture two weeks after we were married with money from my 401k that was cashed in and posted to my checking account prior to the marriage. Can my husband get any of these assets or any of the assets I came into the marriage with?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is a owner allowed to give no hours at all to an employee after employee is hired and wasn&#39;t fired? Hi I would like to know if a owner of a small business is allowed to give no hours at all to an employee after employee is hired and he did not fire employee?	Family Questions	California
How do we file temporary custody for a child? how do we file temporary custody for a child?	Family Questions	Florida
In the state of IL what deems an unfit mother? In the state of IL what deems an unfit mother?	Family Questions	Illinois
If your doctor wants to put you out on disability due to cancer, do they have to keep your med insurance? If your doctor wants to put you out on disability due to cancer and you work in NYS by law do they have to keep your med insurance as long as you are on disability?	Employment Questions	New York
If we stop paying rent can our landlord evict us? My husband, children, and I have rented from the same landlord and house for 5 years now. And our house has been foreclosed and is up for the sheriffs sale in august of 2012 we have been paying our rent this whole time thinking our landlord was able to keep his home. We want to know if we stop paying rent can our landlord evict us	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
If I choose not to take a meal break, can my employer require me to do so? As an employee, under the new state of CA supreme court ruling, If I choose not to take a meal break, can my employer require me to do so?	Employment Questions	Minnesota
Does adopted son have rights if not in the will? If a divorced man dies in Georgia and has an adopted son does that son have rights in regard to money, stock and property of that man if he dies without a will. Does he have rights if there is a will and he is not named in the will? The man has no other children.	Family Questions	Georgia
Like to know what law states on limitations on dept and the debt collectors, &amp; if it&#39;s government bank law? AARP Magazine stated that there is a state statute of limitations on dept and the debt collectors. I would like to know what NY state law states or maybe it is a government bank law?	Consumer Questions	New York
What do I do next if I have filed for divorce myself and the sheriff has not served him to no avail? I have filed for divorce myself. I can't afford a lawyer and have tried to have the sheriff's dept in two separate state serve him to no avail. What do I do next?	Family Questions	Florida
What is the law on a 3-inch knife found in a car that i was driving? What is the law on a 3-inch knife found in a car that i was driving?	Criminal Questions	New York
If I lost custody of my child, do I still have to pay child support? If I lost custody of my child, do I still have to pay child support?	Family Questions	California
Does an administrator or school have grounds to write me up for the missing computers? I am a teacher at a Hawaii public high school. My question is, does an administrator or  school have grounds to accuse me, reprimand me, or write me up for the missing computers? Should the majority of missing computers be found to come from my class?  I was a first year teacher last year to this type of school that implements laptop computers. No standardized policies or procedures have never been discussed, practiced, or taught to the teachers. The administrator has also called this situation and in reference to teachers involved "Negligence". Any information you can provide or next steps will be greatly appreciated.  Thank you.	Employment Questions	Hawaii
How will they determine who gets the house if our house is solely in my name/title for the loan? I want a divorce from my wife.  Our house is solely in my name for the loan as well as the title.  How will they determine who gets the house?	Family Questions	Utah
Can I get alimony from my ex after being divorced and remarried and divorced from him after a year or so? Can I get alimony from my ex (married for 20 yrs) after being divorced since 1989 and remarried and divorced from him after a year or so?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
How can I file for a divorce in the U.S. when my spouse lives in another country? How can I file for a divorce in the U.S. when my spouse lives in another country? (We have never lived together and he's never been to the US) Please provide a step by step guide. Thanks!	Family Questions	Illinois
How do you get power of attorney for unconscious parent? How do you get power of attorney for unconscious parent?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can my brother write off school loans for tax purposes? Can my brother write off school loans for tax purposes?	Consumer Questions	California
Can a bondsman get a warrant if you still owe money on a bond even though the charges was dismissed? Can a bondsman get a warrant on you if you still owe him money on a bond even though the charges was dismissed?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
Can a company schedule me to report to work, then send me home once I get there without pay? Can a company schedule me to report to work, then send me home once I get there without pay?	Employment Questions	Georgia
How can I retrieve the rest of my belongings from my father&#39;s house, which I moved out of because of his abusive nature? I am 19, and wish to move from my father's house to my mother's house because of my father's abusive nature. However, my father will not allow me to get my belongings. I had to get a police escort, and even then I could only get my clothes. How can I get the rest of my belongings out of his house?	Family Questions	California
Can my wife be accountable for cheating and deserting me? Can my wife be accountable for cheating and deserting me?  I was out of town working for our family and she started an affair and just kinda up and left me. We have to kids.	Family Questions	Illinois
Age in which children have to have separate rooms? i am going to a custody hearing and wondered if Indiana has an age in which children have to have separate rooms	Family Questions	Indiana
In a personal injury case can the judge demand mediation prior to the trial? In a personal injury case can the judge demand mediation prior to the trial?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Where can I find an example of a Corp Advisory Committee member&#39;s agreement? I need an example of a Corp Advisory Committee member's agreement.  Where can I find one?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is there such a thing as limited guardianship of grandchildren? is there such a thing as limited guardianship of grandchildren?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Is my landlord liable to relocate me or put me up in a hotel if there&#39;s a water leak? If there is a water leak in my floor and I have to temporarily move out of my rental while repairs are being made, is my landlord liable to relocate me or put me up in a hotel?	Real Estate Questions	California
Legal if my employer refuses to give me my vacation pay cause of no 4-week notice? I am classified as salary exempt. I have 5 weeks vacation built up. I gave 2 weeks notice for leaving for a new job. They told me I will not receive any vacation pay because I did not give 4 weeks notice. can they do this? Is this legal?	Employment Questions	New York
What to do if my boss made a pass at me and I had to quit my job? What to do if my boss made a pass at me and I had to quit my job?	Employment Questions	Florida
Am I liable for my employees&#39; irresponsible actions when they are &quot;clocked in&quot;? Am I liable for my employees irresponsible actions when they are "clocked in"?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Do I have any recourse if I keep getting passed over for promotions even though I have the credentials? I keep getting passed over for promotions even though I have the credentials and there were positions created to bypass company practices. Do I have any recourse with this situation?	Employment Questions	District of Columbia
Does an executor of a will have to live in the same state as the person? Does an executor of a will have to live in the same state as the person of the will is for?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Do grandparents have rights in Alabama over the parent? Do grandparents have rights in Alabama over the parent?	Family Questions	Alabama
is it legal for an employer to short your hours and pay then turn around and turn it into taxes? is it legal for an employer to short your hours and pay then turn around and turn it into taxes?	Employment Questions	Oklahoma
Can supervisor decline my hours of previously approved overtime &amp; alter them without me knowing? My immediate supervisor declined 17 hours of overtime that had previously been approved. But he went into the system and altered my time sheet without my knowledge or permission. Can he do this?Bruce PuffenargerGum Spring VA&#114;&#111;&#x73;&#x65;&#112;&#x75;&#x66;&#x66;&#x65;&#x6e;&#x62;&#97;&#x72;&#103;&#x65;&#114;&#64;&#97;&#111;&#x6c;&#x2e;&#99;&#111;&#109;	Employment Questions	Virginia
What is the online address for unemployment in the state of Georgia? I have a NYS address. I Worked for a photographer company online in Georgia. I lived in NYS and worked for the company that is in Georgia. How to I apply for unemployment the proper way? What is the online address for unemployment in the state of Georgia?Thank you!	Employment Questions	New York
What can I do when I can&#39;t take care of kids under my custody? I have custody of my girlfriend's two boys and I can't really take care of them anymore. There is no other family that can help.  One is still in grade school and the other is going to turn 18 in September. What can I do?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
When a schedule is posted and they change it without informing, what are my rights? When a schedule is posted and they change it without informing, what are my rights?	Employment Questions	Colorado
How does the process of emancipation works? I'm soon to be 16 and want to get emancipated from my home but I'm not sure how this emancipation thing works. Can you please explain it for me?	Family Questions	New York
Can Martin Memorial Hospital in FL accept EOB for copayments? Does Martin Memorial Hospital in Stuart, FL accept an EOB for Copayments from an auto accident after the PIP has been exhausted and the private personal insurance carrier has paid their allowable amount?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Legal if my rent is 600 monthly and my landlord is charging 25 dollars a day in late fees? My rent is 600 monthly my landlord is charging 25 dollars a day in late fees. Is that legal?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If your child custody case is taken off call, is there a time limited to petition the case back in court? If your child custody case is taken off call, is there a time limited to petition the case back in court?	Family Questions	Illinois
If the non custodial parent is paying child support, does the custodial parent provide clothes &amp; diapers? If I the non custodial parent is paying child support, does the custodial parent provide clothes, diapers, wipes, ect?	Family Questions	Indiana
I was victim of scam. The credit card company sent me an email that the money was credited to my account.  7 days later the transaction was reversed.  Now I am on the hook for $2,400.00.  If they had told me it would take 14 days, I would never have used that $2,400. What should I do?	Commercial Questions,Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
How can the child support accept the receipts? I pay my child support with cash and money orders and I receive a sign receipts from my ex. Now I owe $42,000 in child  support. How can the child support accept this receipts?	Family Questions	Illinois
What to do if a friend borrowed $20000 &amp; now she refuses to pay it back? What to do if a friend borrowed $20000 & now she refuses to pay it back?	Consumer Questions	Wisconsin
How often is a landlord obligated to paint an apartment? How often is a landlord obligated to paint an apartment in Massachusetts?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
What can I do to get out of an emotionally abusive living situation while a minor? I'm 16 and I live with my mom and her husband. I hate living with them and I get insulted a lot. i don't know how much longer i can stand living with them and I have a job. what can i do?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
how old do you have to be to move out of your parents&#39; house? how old do you have to be to move out of your parents' house?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can a person still be terminated over allegations that were proven to be false? Can a person still be terminated over allegations that were proven to be false?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Question regarding changes of my son&#39;s child support with the father? My son is 18 months old.  His father wasn't involved until about 5 months ago.  He has been unemployed for almost 3 years (with no disabilities) and his new wife has been paying his court ordered child support.  The Magistrate estimated his child support at $130 a week and he's also paying another $20 a week in arrearage.  He now wants to discuss child support with me and have it changed.  I want to tell him to petition the court.  Is this a good idea?  What are my options?	Family Questions	Maine
Is an employer allowed to keep your last paycheck for &quot;damages&quot; to an apartment you rented from them? Is an employer allowed to keep your last paycheck for "damages" to an apartment you rented from them with no security deposit and nothing in the lease stating anything like that?  My former employer is keeping my last paycheck claiming the dishwasher doesn't work (it never did) and the blinds were broken (they were broken from another employee breaking in to install cameras).  I worked for All Aboard Storage and the apartment was connected to storage units.  There were break ins at the units and management put up cameras and when they did, they broke the blinds in the apartment.  Otherwise, I left it cleaner than when I got it.	Employment Questions	Florida
Is it lawsuit worthy if a financial institution sent credit card statements to wrong customer? None	Consumer Questions,Privacy Questions	Missouri
How much money should I be paying in child support if I have 3 kids but custody of one? I am divorced. I am currently paying $1200 a month in child support.  I gross about $2000 a week.   I have 3 kids. I have custody of one. How much $ should i be paying in support? The ex doesn't work as she lives off the child support.	Family Questions	Michigan
Can a landlord evict me from their home? Can a landlord evict me as a tenant from their home? I am renting because I am past due without taking me to court.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do if I&#39;m a 60% disabled vet who has child support issues from KY but being collected thru PA? I'm a 60% disabled vet going to school in Florida. I'm having child support issues from Kentucky but being collected thru PA.	Family Questions	Florida
What do I need to do to put a living space over a kitchen? What do I need to do to put a living space over a kitchen in New york state?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How to keep wife&#39;s boyfriend away from children? I am married with 2 kids. We are currently separated. My wife has started a relationship with another man. He smokes pot daily (She admitted that) and has at least one assault charge on his record. Can I do anything to keep him away from my kids?They do not live together but if they are both off, they are together with the kids unless I have them. My wife and I do not have any relationship at all anymore. No contact at all. I pick up the kids while she is at work etc.. I am not asking because I do not want her to have a boyfriend, but because of his past and current behavior.	Family Questions	Tennessee
How do I resolve a joint account power-of-attorney and become my own power of attorney? How do I resolve a joint account power-of-attorney and become my own power of attorney?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Are spouses to get paid time and a half after reaching 40 hours? Are spouses to get paid time and a half after reaching 40 hours?	Employment Questions	Oklahoma
How long does the landlord have to give me my deposit? I moved out of a rental property two months early but paid the rent in full for the lease, plus gave my thirty days notice. How long does the landlord have to give me my deposit: 30 days after i moved out or thirty days after the actual end of the lease agreement? I had to move out because of a job transfer.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I get relief from anywhere about poor workmanship? I had air duct tapes in attic separate after 5 years causing  mold throughout my attic.  Two insurers (mine and builders) said they do not cover poor workmanship.  Cost of repair - >$14,000.  Can I get relief from anywhere?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Question of failure to appear and the question if it can be dropped? If you are picked up for a failure to appear, and then after waiting in jail for 3 months, the charge of failure to appear is dropped, wouldn't those three months be applied to the underlying charge that the failure to appear was in regards to?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Is there a &quot;grace&quot; period for landlord to change their mind on renting, after a lease has been signed? In the state of California, is there a "grace" period for tenant or landlord to change their mind on renting, after a lease has been signed?	Real Estate Questions	California
Fair that we had to pay June rent, even though we couldn&#39;t have lived in the home? We signed a lease to move into a home on June 1st.  We told the landlord we couldn't move until July, but he pressured us into "securing the home" by June.  We paid rent for June and a security deposit. He has been repairing the home's only bathroom by replacing the shower for the majority of June now. He wants us to now pay July rent before we move in. Is it fair that we had to pay June rent, even though we couldn't have lived in the home even if we were able to move in? I feel like he knew he needed to repair the shower, and once he knew we couldn't move in in June he tricked us into paying rent for a month while he repaired the bathroom.  Do we have any legal standing to get a refund for June's rent?  Thank you.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What is the process for a felon to get right to carry back in Missouri? What is the process for a felon to get right to carry back in Missouri?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
What is summons for parking ticket? What is summons for parking ticket?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
If I live in NY and I pay support to my daughter and she has a baby at 19, do I still have to pay? If I live in NY and I pay support to my daughter and she has a baby at 19, do I still have to pay?	Family Questions	New York
Can I sue home depot because they refuse to fix my credit report on a account that was never late? Can I sue home depot because they refuse to fix my credit report on a account that was never late?  I made 2 payments in July 2011. My normal payment and them I paid it off. I found out 2 months later that I was charged a late fee on a zero balance. They waived my fees but refuse to fix my credit.  What can I do?	Consumer Questions	Kentucky
What do I have to do in order to remove the garnishment if If I have a student loan in default? If I have a student loan in default and my wages are being garnished because of it, what do I have to do in order to remove the garnishment?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I charge for an easement required by the township that is putting in a new sewage system? As a homeowner can I charge for an easement required by the township that is putting in a new sewage system?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
Can I break my lease without penalties if the apartment complex has a roach infestation? My apartment complex has a roach infestation the pest control has gone out to my place 4 times. I am grossed out and tired of dealing with it. Not to mention I have a 9month old baby and I'm scared the bugs will touch her stuff. Can I break my lease without penalties?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
can an employer suspend me without pay before being proved guilty of accused action? can an employer suspend me without pay before being proved guilty of accused action?	Employment Questions	Michigan
If you are required to work 11 days, is that legal and if so should you be paid overtime? If you are required to work 11 days, is that legal and if so should you be paid overtime?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If a defendant is found liable but cannot afford to pay plaintiff how is this matter settled? In a lawsuit if a defendant is found liable but cannot afford to pay plaintiff how is this matter settled?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Can I recover my vehicle if the small amount of work he did do was unsatisfactory? A person was supposed to do work for me in exchange for a vehicle.  He came while I was alone and intimidated me and scared me into signing the title over to him before he did the work (I am a 60 yr. woman living alone). Now he will not do the work.  The small amount of work he did do is completely unsatisfactory.  Could have done better myself.  Can I recover the vehicle?	Criminal Questions	Ohio
Do I get paid that last full week if I gave 2 week notice but my exit interview is a day early from my end date? I Gave 2 week notice  but my exit interview is a day early from my end date. Do I get paid that last full week?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Should I send the gummies back with the greasy machinery or should I sue? I just recently bought my 2-year-old a bag of gummies. I opened them and he reached and said owwie. I looked in the bag and there was apiece of greasy machinery in the bag and as well as all gummies were greasy. I immediately called the company and they said that they would send me a self addressed stamp envelope to return part to them and send me coupons for mistake. Should I send it back or what should I do?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
What are my options if I signed a contract and now the dealer wants me to tear it up? I signed a contract and took delivery of a new car.  The dealer made an error in the contract so I got a better deal then I should have.  They want me to tear up the contract and sign a new one.  What are my options?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
If a single mother wants to apply for food stamps do they need to file for child support? In the state Nevada as a single mother if she wants to apply for food stamps do you need to file for child support? Also to get food stamps or to qualify for food stamps?	Family Questions	Nevada
Can I be held liable for property in a trust held in my spouse&#39;s name? Can I be held liable for property in a trust held in my spouse's name?	Personal Injury Questions	Massachusetts
If no service whatsoever has been performed, is my retainer fee refundable to me? In the state of Colorado, if no service whatsoever has been performed, is my retainer fee refundable to me? This lawyer took my money and has refused to contact me after my many attempts via Certified mail, emails and such.	Consumer Questions	Colorado
What motion can I file to regain possession of my house that was taken fraudulently? What motion can I file to regain possession of my house that was taken fraudulently? I had quick claim deed that was signed 2 years ago but I didn't record charges will be filed.	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Question regarding advantage of the $5.12M per person estate/gift tax exemption? If a married couple wanted to take full advantage of the $5.12M per person estate/gift tax exemption this year, could they do so in a way that:a.) Provides them with a pre-determined or flexible amount Annuity paid by the transferred funds until their death;b.) Requires their written consent/authorization for any expenditure until their death of any funds transferred under the exemption;	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If you commit perjury in a trial case &amp; get convicted does the defendant have a right to a new trial? If someone commits perjury in a criminal trial case, and gets convicted does the defendant have a legal right to a new trial?	Criminal Questions	California
Help in falsely accused of not paying back child support? I paid my child support every week $77 and out of that $77, $16 was supposed to go to back child support and never was taken out. The whole $77 went to my ex-wife and then I got hurt at work and then I fell behind a year I paid up for what I owed for that year and everything was good. But now they're saying I owe $12,000 in back child support. I  lost my license because of this and I am falsely being accused. My daughter's 22 my son is 21. I've been there and stay one and I am on SSI and I told him that they didn't believe me even showing proof and my kids would be there to back me up. So what can I do? An attorney wants to much money up front no payment plan. Help me please.	Family Questions	New York
Can the IRS garnish benefits from a disabled veteran who is also approved by the SS Administration? Can the IRS garnish benefits from a disabled veteran who is also approved by the Social Security Administration to receive his SS benefits early?	Consumer Questions	Missouri
If I paid an insurance to set up a monthly payment plan and they didn&#39;t set it, how do i take care of it? If I paid an insurance company to set up a monthly payment plan and they didn't set it up liked asked and I got no proof of insurance how do i take care of it in court?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
Can my ex be held accountable for all the items he sold to goodwill which were mine and my son&#39;s? I moved from NJ to NY. My things were sent into a storage facility in Virginia, where my ex-husband resides. At that time we were married. Without my knowledge he gave my son and my things to goodwill. By any chance can he be held accountable for all items? The agreement all belongings sent to my current residence.	Personal Injury Questions	New York
How do I prove we have been separated even sharing the same address? How do I prove we have been separated even sharing the same address? The divorce is in Virginia.	Family Questions	Virginia
If I have my daughter most of the time and it&#39;s not in the custody papers, what do I do? If I have my daughter most of the time and it's not in the custody papers for me to and its been ongoing for over a year what do I do?	Family Questions	New York
What to do if my son&#39;s teacher refused to let him go to the bathroom and now his bladder is messed up? My son was in third grade. He needed to go to the bathroom and teacher would not let him go so he had to hold his urine. It caused his bladder to mess up and now he has to be catheterize now for the rest of his life and high blood pressure medic and other meds.	Family Questions	North Carolina
If I have court tomorrow, will I go to jail even though my methadone is prescribed? If I have court tomorrow and I take my prescribed methadone in the morning before i go to court will I go to jail even though its prescribed?	Criminal Questions	West Virginia
How long does it take a car to be repossessed? How long does it take a car to be repossessed?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
What can I do to get my son back if my parents refuse to after I failed a drug test? I have full custody of my son but my parents gave me a drug test that I failed. They kicked me out and are refusing to let me take my son. What can I do to get him back?	Family Questions	North Dakota
Will I need a lawyer to be able to leave if my army ex-husband got orders to relocate? I live in Philadelphia, PA. I have full legal custody of my twins and partial physical custody. My husband is active duty us army. He recently got orders to relocate to Fort Riley, Kansas. Will i need a lawyer to be able to leave	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a suit be brought against someone who commits adultery with our wife or husband? Can a suit be brought against someone who commits adultery with our wife or husband?	Personal Injury Questions	Nevada
Can I sue my employer for the difference in wages lost? i was on unemployment until I found what I was promised a 40 hr full time job. It has been 9 months later and I'm still only part hrs and my hours are continually getting cut from 28 hrs to 20 hrs. After my taxes I made more on unemployment. Can I sue this employer for the difference in wages lost? I'm also waiting for my 90 day evaluation which I am supposed to get a wage increase it is 6 mos late. I only make 7.50 per hour so every dollar I lose is painful. I can't afford to get my own apartment and I have 2 kids. please help me.	Employment Questions	Virginia
If a salaried employee gives a months notice, can the employer cut the notice in half? If a salaried employee gives a months notice, can the employer cut the notice in half? And if so, is the employer responsible for the salary for the rest of the notice?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Legal for my landlord to increase my rent without notification as the lease was not renewed? I have been a renter for 37 years--my lease has always been from april to april  I was not sent a lease notification this april (was never sent a notification unless the landlord was going to increase the rent)  As of October my rent will be increased.  landlord said the lease was not renewed, so that means I am a tenantat will.  Can the landlord do that?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What is a probation officer allowed to say or disclose to a potential employer about someone on probation? What is a probation officer allowed to say or disclose to a potential employer about someone on probation?	Employment Questions	Florida
What is the maximum percentage child support can take out your check? What is the maximum percentage child support can take out your check in Augusta, Georgia? How can I move my case to Virginia?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can I file for child abandonment if the child&#39;s father has never been in her life? My daughter is now seven yrs. Old and the biological father has never been in her life. Can I file for child abandonment? And can you explain how I can go about doing so?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Question regarding my ex and I with our joint custody per verbal agreement? My ex girlfriend and I have 2 children. We have joint custody per verbal agreement between us only. She just recently took me to court for child support and I now have to pay an amount which is more than half my take home pay monthly. I am now worried about our custody agreement and need advice on making this legal and put in writing. I can not afford a lawyer but I need help. What and how should I handle this entire situation?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can i sue my ex-wife for taking more than she is allowed to for child support? Can I sue my ex-wife for taking more than she is allowed to for child support? This is a court ordered joint account. The account is part of our divorce because i work overseas and give her access to our court ordered child support. The amount that was taken is greater than $10,000. What legal actions do i have?	Criminal Questions	Montana
If a tenant is not given an adverse action notification what is his legal recourse? If a tenant is not given an adverse action notification what is his legal recourse?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can friend&#39;s wife take the house from him if she&#39;s been cheating on him and won&#39;t leave? My friends wife has been cheating on him. She wont leave and she wants the house. Can she take it from him?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
When I have to go to child custody mediation, will I get my daughter back with me? When I have to go to child custody mediation, will I get my daughter back with me?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Looking for an attorney to represent tenants and be familiar with Illinois law? Hello,I am looking for an attorney to represent tenants and be familiar with Illinois law.	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can someone cash my pellgrant check? can someone cash my pellgrant check?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Do I have to pay the total amount of what I gave if there is an unresolved rat problem? Hello, I am having to leave my rented  home because of an unresolved rat problem which i have been dealing with since last Nov.   The   landlords are charging me a  pro-rated fee of $983 for Feb because of the 30 day notice to vacate. They aren't penalizing me for breaking the rental agreement . I feel the $983  is unfair because the reason I'm moving is due to their not resolving the problem.  I'm having to incur moving expenses, another security deposit, rent in the new place for Feb. because I'm having to move. Do I really have to pay this total amount?Thank you,Elaine WilliamsPs they have my $1425 security deposit	Leasing Questions	California
Where to get the divorce forms to make it legal on the Internet as we just want our agreement legalized? my husband and i are going to separate. we have agreed to how we are going to handle custody of our 2 boys. we are not fighting about this agreement. i need to know where to get the forms to make it legal on the internet. we just want our agreement legalized	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can your roth account be attached to pay a non-secure debt? Can your roth account be attached to pay a non-secure debt?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Am I obligated to pay for the extra month if another tenant forged my signature? I verbally committed to a 6 or less month lease in a Florida apartment. Another tenant forged my signature for a 7 month deal that I wasn't aware of the extra month. Am I obligated to pay for this extra month?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is the defense allowed to bring up the previous criminal record of the victim in an sexual assault case? In the state of Florida, is the defense allowed to bring up the previous criminal record of the victim/plaintiff in a sexual assault case, especially if the previous criminal record is 7 years old and from a different state and a misdemeanor?	Criminal Questions	Florida
How do I terminate my parental rights? I live in Indiana and want to terminate parental rights. How do I do that?	Family Questions	Indiana
Do you need a license to drive farm machinery? Do you need a license to drive farm machinery?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Can my ex-girlfriend keep me from seeing our children in my house with my new live in girlfriend? Can my ex-girlfriend keep me from seeing our children in my house with my new live in girlfriend? We both have act 34 clearance and have no criminal record.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How can I get custody back of my daughter? How can I get custody back of my daughter?  She lives with my mom and is not being treated right.  She is pregnant as well.  I have called child welfare along with the school she attends. It has been almost 3 days and they still have not done anything.	Family Questions	Kentucky
If I win a small claims judgement and am not able to collect, can I put a lien on their auto? If I win a small claims judgement and am not able to collect, can I put a lien on their auto?They own the car free & clear.I live in Fort Lauderale, Fl.  Broward County.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What to do if IL is trying to make me pay child support when dna proved I&#39;m not the father of the child? What to do if IL is trying to make me pay child support when dna proved I'm not the father of the child?	Family Questions	Illinois
If I take a job and start making profits for the company do I have the legal right to have the &quot;EXCLUSIVITY&quot; on that market? Good morning Sir/Ma'am,I have a job offer that is based on DRAW or COMMISSION. My question is: If I take the job and start making profits for the company do I have the legal right to have the "EXCLUSIVITY" on that market, so that I would not be cheated on my COMMISSION. Please advice, thank you so much in advance	Employment Questions	Georgia
If a friend of mine gave birth in the USA can she stay in the USA and work? If a friend of mine gave birth in the USA can she stay in the USA and work?	Family Questions	Florida
If I have full custody of my child with his last name does he have to sign for me to get them out of state? If I have full custody of my child with his last name does he have to sign for me to get them out of state?	Family Questions	Indiana
Does parent (b) get to have child if a family member is available to watch the child OVER if current parent decides to put child in daycare since parent (a) works? Does parent (b) get to have child if a family member is available to watch the child OVER if current parent decides to put child in daycare since parent (a) works?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
Any recourse if the next highest instructor is refusing for me to take participation in the school next year? I am a martial arts insturctor. The next highest instructor and  I have a number of conflicts of interest. He will take over our school in December. He stated, I would not be welcome to participate. Can he do that? Do I have any recourse if this happens?	Employment Questions	Florida
Is it possible to cancel my membership and avoid fees if a member at the gym is making me feel unwelcomed? I had several bad transactions with one person in particular at this gym I am a member at. I am still within my contract but feel unwelcomed at the gym I am enrolled and feeling compelled to cancel the contract. I would like to avoid cancellation fees due to the nature of why I am cancelling. What do you think I should do?	Consumer Questions	Massachusetts
Does GA have state law that prohibits a divorced parent from crossing state line?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions	Georgia
What am I obligated to do with the personal and household items if my ex left me with no money? My husband left me with no money, facing eviction. What am I obligated to do, by Nevada law, with the personal and household items, such as furniture?	Family Questions	Nevada
I took out a payday loan online. I was able to pay some of it back but not all. I now have a collection agency or a law firm called Jacobson and Associates calling stating if i don&#39;t pay it, they will file a judgment against me. What does this mean and what will happen to me?	Contract Questions,Finance Questions,Litigation Law Questions	South Carolina
What to do if the car dealership refuses to help and I&#39;m stuck with a car I do not drive because it&#39;s unsafe? I'm dealing with a car dealership and I have a letter the general manager has given me to get me out of a car i purchased in May because it's a lemon and now they aren't helping me. They want me to apply for another car loan because they don't want to lose money on the situation and I know they can just roll that loan over as a substitution of collateral. They refuse to help and I'm stuck with this car I do not drive because its unsafe?	Consumer Questions	New York
What do I do if someone stole my social security number and file taxes using it? hello I was looking for a lawyer to help me because someone stole my social security number and file taxes using it?	Criminal Questions	New York
how can an aunt win a child custody when the mother has died and the father wants his child? How can an aunt win a child custody when the mother has died and the father wants his child even though they were not married? He's been in her life. How can she win?	Family Questions	South Carolina
What to do if my Mortgage Co. is stealing my escrow money &amp; putting false info on my tax documents? It seems my Mortgage Co. is stealing my escrow money & putting false information on my tax documents.	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Can sisters still be my dad&#39;s power of attorney after he died? Can sisters still be my dad's power of attorney after he died?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What can I do if I just received an eviction notice cause I owe a past due balance on my rent? I live in Downey, California. I just received an eviction notice because i owe a past due balance on my rent. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	California
How do I get a cause of death for my uncle who died in Croatia when the certificate does not contain one? How do I get a cause of death for my uncle who died in Croatia when the death certificate does not contain one?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
How do I receive child support from a soldier in the US army? How do I receive child support from a soldier in the US army?	Family Questions	North Carolina
What are the best options for an illegal immigrant to gain legal status? What are the best options for an illegal immigrant to gain legal status?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
What to do if employer owes 8 years of back money for shift difference but only wants to pay for one year? Your company owes you close to 8 years of back money for shift difference. The company only wants to pay you for one year. What should you do?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What are the laws for breaks and lunches in New York state? What are the laws for breaks and lunches in New York state?	Employment Questions	New York
Can I replace my employee without her claiming unemployment on my tab? I have a small business and 1 employee on payroll. She fell at home on Easter April 9th and to date has not been able to work . Can I replace her without her claiming unemployment on my tab?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
In an Illinois consensual divorce with no dependents, what happens if the wife purchased a home and paid it off alone? In an Illinois consensual divorce with no dependents, what happens if the wife purchased a home and paid it off alone?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What is the best way to go about seeing my son? What is the best way to go about seeing my son?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Do we have to file legal separation papers to be considered separated? Do we have to file legal separation papers to be considered separated, especially when it comes to who pays the debts?	Family Questions	Oregon
Can my employer install a tracking app on my company cell phone, which I must have on me both on and off company time? My employer is adding a "location services" application to my company issued phone.  I understand that the phone is their property and they can add whatever they wish to it.  The issue is that I am required to always be available and so I have to carry the phone 24/7.  Is it legal for my employer to add a tracking application to a mobile device I have to have with me both on and off company time?	Employment Questions	Texas
Question regarding a restraining order in place for two years? I have a restraining order in place for two years. Now hes got a lawyer to give papers to the courts to close the order. the said he was going to shot me and came to my house. I'm scared if this goes through.	Criminal Questions	Utah
What can I do when hurt on the job? I got hurt on the job and told the commissioner and crew chief, both that I was unable to do work due to an unsafe position on a stairwell and not having proper equipment. What can I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Connecticut
How many people can stay in a two bedroom? in the state of Florida, how many people can stay in a two bedroom?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it legal to rent an apartment in a family listed as &quot;single occupancy&quot; - location&quot;? Hi. Is it legal to rent an apartment in a family listed as "single occupancy" - location"? Springfield MA	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Can a dealership charge administrative fees when buying used car? Can a dealership charge administrative fees when buying used car? They charged me $189.00dealership in the state of Missouri.	Consumer Questions	Missouri
Time limit for a lawyer to complete legal documents for sales of real estate? What is the time limit for a lawyer to complete legal documents concerning sales of real estate?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What is my financial right if I am a home owner and the property is in my husband&#39;s name and I have consented for the sale? I am a home owner in Ontario Canada.  The property is in my husband's name only, I have consented for the sale of the home.  What is my financial right?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Possible to emancipate myself if I&#39;m 16 and pregnant? I am 16 and pregnant and my mother doesn't want me anymore so she gave me to my dad and he is the worst caregiver i know. I live in Lexington, Kentucky is it possible for me to emancipate myself?	Family Questions	Kentucky
How many work hours before getting a break? How many hours can a transit operator drive a bus with out getting a lunch break and is there a law against this?	Employment Questions	New York
How do I receive my portion of my ex-husband&#39;s retirement that he promised and signed to give? How do I received my portion of my X husband's retirement that he promised and signed to give?  During our separation, he signed our agreed document that stated he would allow me to have half of his railroad retirement because he left me with all 5 of our children; left me with a broken down home, and left all the bills we generated together.  I took that home and did a refinance and pays all of the bills that the marriage had.  He told me at that time that he would sign the document stating that he would give me half of his railroad retirement.  We were together for 25 years.  He since have remarried.  He also stated on our divorce decree that he would give me half of the retirement.  It was not contingent on any other marriage.	Family Questions	Illinois
Question regarding fines for shoplifting at Walmart? My name is Laura. I was at Walmart in Washington state with my sister yesterday. She ate 2 cherries and paid for the rest. The secret shoppers got us both for shoplifting even though we paid for them. And we both have fines. I have a fine for not telling her no, even tough I was walking away. What would your advice be to my fine?	Criminal Questions	California
Can the hospital tell you that you can not take a nap on your 30 min lunch? I work nights at crossroads hospital. Can the hospital tell you that you can not take a nap on your 30 min lunch? So if I choose to sleep an set my alarm instead of eating they have that right? Please let me know.	Employment Questions	Louisiana
Can an employer hold back my paychecks if I left the company? Can an employer hold back my paychecks if I left the company?This would be the week I just worked and the extra week in the beginning that you don't get paid for when your hired.Therefore, they owe me two weeks pay and I haven't seen anything yet.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Does the employee have the right to the difference of monies if fired prematurely? A company gives you a car towards commission for a project that they preformed. The deal was that the employer would pay for the car and all the responsibilities for the car for 4 years in agreement that they would cover the employees' commission that was earned. The employee was fired before the 4 years was up. does the employee have the right to the difference of monies that did not go towards the car for the remaining 2 years?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Is it not possible to be unemployed for 3 months and do full-time and still take my pension? i want to retire at 71 1/2 and take my pension from a private company in MN. I want to be unemployed for at least 3 months and then come back and work full time. The company tells me that this is not possible. Is this correct	Employment Questions	Minnesota
How much is it to change a 2-month-old last name? How much is it to change a 2-month-old last name?	Family Questions	New York
If my name is on the titles but I never registered the car with the state am I responsible for any accidents? If my name is on the titles but I never registered the car with the state, am I responsible for any accidents?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Is there a cut off time that my 17-year-old son can not work after on a school night? My son is a 17 year old senior in high school. He works at a local amusement park here in Newport News VA. Is there a cut off time that he can not work after on a school night?	Employment Questions	Virginia
What to do if my employer won&#39;t return my personal belongings? My employer took some of my personal belongings that I had at work and now won't give them back. It's worth a lot of money.	Criminal Questions	Idaho
How many days straight can an employee work without a day off? How many days straight can an employee work without a day off?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can my assault case get thrown out cause it states that I&#39;m a white male while I&#39;m actually a black female? Can my aggravated assault case get thrown out because the paperwork states that I am a white male while I am actually a black female	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can HUD force me into a place and be done with their agreement for being displaced? I live in government housing in a building scheduled for demolition and was told I have 60 days to move. My rent would start the same for 60 months. While at work my kitchen caught fire. The salvation army put me in hotel. Instead of now having opportunity to find my own place. Can HUD force me into a place and be done with their agreement for being displaced?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Can the bank rescind the approval letter or the bank make an counter offer to us upping the home offer? We made an offer on a short sale. The offer was accepted and we received the bank approval letter. However, we just found out that the seller has a judgement/fine violation with the City. No one told the bank. Can the bank be asked to pay this fine and what will that entail, can the bank rescind the approval letter, or can the bank make an counter offer to us upping the offer on the home.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What&#39;s going to happen if I have a suspended license and I was pulled over and have to go to court? I have a suspended drivers license and I had a emergency had to drive was pulled over now I have to go to court. What is going to happen?	Criminal Questions	New York
True if I can only take the car back if it&#39;s protected in case I did not get approve for the loan? I just bought a car and one of the pages said that I can bring back the car in 5 days but when I took the car back they said it was just protect them in case I did not get approve for the loan. Is it true?	Consumer Questions	Texas
Question regarding my fiance&#39;s son and his guardianship? My fiance has MDA and he is 24. Before he turned 18 his parents went and got guardianship over him because of his disability. Since they have guardianship over him for me and him to get married would they have to sign papers to allow it? And when we got married would they still have guardianship over him or would they lose there rights or would it go to me?	Family Questions	Indiana
Is my husband still responsible to help with the bills even though he left? My husband moved out when I called the police on him for hitting me. He is head of household and will not help  me with bills and want the family car and his car.  they are both in his name. Do I have to give him the family car before we go to divorce court? Is he still responsible to help with the bills even though he left?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Buyer of house suing for concealing water in basement. I am being sued by the buyer of a home I sold. He is claiming that I concealed/fraud that the home has water in the basement almost two years later. What should I do?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Legal if  Funeral Home will not give me my late uncle&#39;s remains until they receive payment from the city? My uncle passed away. He is indigent case.  Funeral Home will not give me his remains until they receive payment from the city.  Is that legal?	Family Questions	Ohio
Can an employer subtract sick days off of the employees earned vacation days? Can an employer subtract sick days off of the employees earned vacation days?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
What type of capacity would be needed to execute a power of attorney? In Florida, what type of capacity would be needed to execute a power of attorney?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I sue if my car is not worth more than 5,000 dollars? I am trying to sue an auto repair shop for over 5,000 which is more than what my car is worth but the labor and new engine they are putting into my car since the auto repair shop admitted they broke it cost 5,000 plus labor and plus i want to be compensated for the cost of towing. Can I sue for all of this if my car is not worth more than 5,000 dollars?	Consumer Questions	New Jersey
If I file divorce how long do I have to wait for an answer back in the state of LA? If I file divorce how long do I have to wait for an answer back in the state of LA?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Can I move out of state with my baby without my husband&#39;s authorization? Can I move out of state with my baby without my husband's authorization?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
What to do if your employer tell you to leave the job? What to do if your employer tell you to leave the job?	Employment Questions	Virginia
If my girlfriend is legally separated from her husband,  anyway he can tell her that I can&#39;t be around child? My girlfriend is legally separated from her husband. Is there anyway that he can tell her that I can't be around their daughter?	Family Questions	California
When a ball comes into your fenced-in yard from the neighbors do you have to return it? When a ball comes into your fenced-in yard from the neighbors do you have to return it?	Real Estate Questions	California
How can I modify my payment to my ex husband? I share joint custody of my two children with my ex husband, he had physical custody of both kids and I was ordered by the state to pay $201 a month, in May of 2005.  In July 2011 our daughter, who's almost 16 now moved in with me.  I need to know how and if I can modify my payment to my ex husband?	Family Questions	Missouri
What can I do if my son&#39;s father got an emergency custody order and hasn&#39;t served me papers yet? My 6-year-old son's father got a emergency custody order since last week, and he still hasn't served me with the papers. What can I do?	Family Questions	California
Question regarding an unopened product and that I can&#39;t get a refund but only store credit? I bought a new dvd from vintage stock in missouri.  When I got home, my spouse did not want it new because of the price.  I returned to the store on the same day 20 minutes later with the unopened dvd and was informed I could not get a refund, only store credit.  Is this legal?	Consumer Questions	Missouri
if I am paying child support can I get a passport? if I am paying child support can I get a passport? If I am behind but still paying can I be denied?	Family Questions	Nevada
Legal to slightly change a brand name without the permission of the brand itself? I just have a generalized question. I completely understand that it is illegal to use a brand name without the permission of the brand itself. I have a website that I am building for a weight loss line. The animated girl which is walking is holding 3 bags: A Chanel, a Neiman Marcos and our company name bag. I changed the name Chanel to CHANELS and Neiman Marcus to NEIMUN MARCOS. My question is: Is this illegal? Even though the spelling is different. Can this land me in hot water because it would appear confusing to the market?Looking forward to hearing back from you and thanking you in advance for your kindness.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	QC
If I voluntarily terminate myself would I still be able to collect partial unemployment? I am currently employed by Regis Corp.  I was told today that the location will be officially closed as of Monday at 5p.m. They gave us the option to transfer to another location with no guarantees of the same hours or accept voluntary termination.  If I voluntarily terminate myself would I still be able to collect partial unemployment?  This job is part time I also have another part time job at Subway and am a single parent.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I write a grievance letter to landlord about an eviction for noise nuisance? Can I write a grievance letter to landlord about an eviction for noise nuisance?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Is it legal to cancel my adt alarm services if they sent a letter of an increased payment? I have a 3 year contract with adt alarm services since 8/12/10. My monthly charge on the contract is 40.97. They just sent a letter saying next month they will be taking out 3.50 (approx) more per month can they do this ? I would like to cancel the service is this an opportunity to do it legally?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Could you help me get documents of gowell &amp; kent inc? Could you help me get documents of gowell & kent inc?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
Can a judge reduce a sentence if a plea deal has been made with the D.A.? Can a judge reduce a sentence if a plea deal has been made with the D.A.?	Criminal Questions	California
Can a Judge rule on something without having proof? Can a Judge rule on something without having proof?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Why did they hire me &amp; what can I do? I was hired Thur & told to start Mon. They called me Fri. & said I couldn't have the job because I work there for over 10 years ago. Why did they hire me & what can I do?	Employment Questions	Mississippi
Can I be given the name of the person who is calling and making multiple false reports against me? Can I be given the name of the person who is calling and making multiple false reports against me with local police departments	Criminal Questions	California
Find the best resources about the industry if I want to join the trucking business as an owner operator? I want to join the trucking business as an owner operator, where can I find the best resources about this industry, especially about how best to lease or buy a truck and get loads?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
What are the maximum hours required to work without a break in the state of California? What are the maximum hours required to work without a break in the state of California?	Employment Questions	California
If my landlord is also my father-in-law, is he allowed to store his personal belongings in the house? My landlord happens to be my father-in-law. He feels that he has the right to store his personal belongings in the house. Is he allowed to do this?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
What to do if employed &amp; took an early retirement due to medical reasons &amp; said not eligible for insurance? What to do if I was employed at this hospital for twenty three years and i took a early retirement due to medical reasons and they said i was not eligible for my health insurance?	Employment Questions	California
Question regarding repairs on purchasing a car when the dealer is resistant? I purchased Kawasaki Brute Force 750 atv in Feb. 2012. Ive had issues with the motor running properly. I have taken it back to the dealer three times for motor related problems. Today I went for a ride and the motor made loud rapping noises and lost all power. I checked the oil level and found there was no oil on the dip stick. The dealership has been resistant in the past to do any repairs. How should I handle this new development?	Consumer Questions	Maine
If you quote a small portion of a song lyric in a fictional book, is that a copyright infringement? None	Copyright Questions	Idaho
how do you get your gun rights back in VA? how do you get your gun rights back in VA?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
How do I get my baby&#39;s father on child support? How do I get my baby's father on child support?	Family Questions	Florida
Does my daughter have any recourse in getting child support from her ex when he&#39;s out of the country? My daughter is a resident of Georgia.  She is not receiving child support for her 13 year old daughter; she alao has a 19 year old daughter in college.The divorce was granted in Costa Rica, but her ex-husband "left the country" - she was finally able to leave the country last year.  He now lives in Switzerland, and works for a pharmaceutical company but is most likely PAID from the home office in New Jersey.  Does she have any recourse in getting child support from him?	Family Questions	Georgia
What if I can&#39;t refinance my house by decree cause my ex ruined my credit during the divorce process? What if I can't refinance my house as required by divorce decree because my ex-husband ruined my credit during the divorce process?	Family Questions	Virginia
If I bought a car at jd byrider, how can I return it if it&#39;s only been 4 days? I bought a car at jd byrider. How can I return it if it's only been 4 days?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Can you legally evict someone who shared your home? My boyfriend and I have lived together for 2 years. We recently broke up and he hand-wrote me a letter of eviction and taped it to the front door. I still have all my property in the house. What are the legal steps to remove a boyfriend/girlfriend in Alabama?	Leasing Questions	Alabama
Should I respond to the buyer who paid this month&#39;s rent on time? The buyer that purchased my business signed a promissory note payable in 84 payments . He paid 5 then 10 days after the payment was due I received a email stating I mislead him by fraudulent inflating funds. The notes were first signed by the corporation then the president . I think since signed by a. Corporation I can kiss them goodbye? Should I respond after all he did pay this month's rent on time? I feel after 45 days I will never see rent again. Should I not respond and see what happens? He did sign a Ucc I'm afraid he will steal machines ? Please advise	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
Can my employer fire me because I over slept and missed work but I have a sleeping disorder? My employer, a local City government in Illinois, is firing me because called in a personal day as I would have been 10 minutes late for work.  I over slept and have a doctor's release of sleeping disorder which the City recognizes. Can they do this? I've been working there for 6 years and other employees can come in late without problems?	Employment Questions	Illinois
If someone buys you a gift, are they allowed to forcefully take it back when you two split? If someone buys you a gift, are they allowed to forcefully (go through your belongings) take it back when you two split?	Consumer Questions	Rhode Island
How long do you have to be married to get alimony in Oklahoma? How long do you have to be married to get alimony in Oklahoma?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
Can my employer withhold my Short-term Disability payments if I have applied for Workers Compensation? Can my private employer withhold my Short-term Disability payments if I have applied for Workers Compensation? Also, if I am awarded Workers Comp. for a work relation injury, is it limited award and will it affect my ability to claim state or private disability in the future?	Employment Questions	California
How long can a father go without seeing his child before his rights are revoked in Virginia? How long can a father go without seeing his child before his rights are revoked in Virginia?	Family Questions	Virginia
How long does it take to hear from a payee representative after I&#39;ve turned in my application? I have a question about payee representative? How long does it take to hear from them after I've turned in my application?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Minnesota
Can I purchase late mother&#39;s condo at fair market value and give sibling half? I have been a court appointed executive for my late Mothers Estate. Basically everything in her estate is divided equally between myself and my one sibling. My Mother has a condo, that I would like to purchase at "fair Market Value" Can I do this & give her 1/2? Or should I go to Surrogates Court?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Am I responsible when retaining payment for seller? If I offer a platform where people can offer goods, and I retain the payment for 24 hours and pay seller once buyer notifies me that everything went well,do I have any legal responsibility ?	Commercial Questions	New York
Will i receive child support benefits if the father of my kids is back paying calworks? Will i receive child support benefits if the father of my kids is back paying calworks?	Family Questions	California
Am I legally bound to pay? I paid Sirus radio up front for a year subscription & I never signed anything. I got a bill for $28.25 from them and I threw it away knowing I was not renewing. They called asking if I would renew I said no. I then got a Letter from Collection agency stating Sirus Radio has an automatic Renewal Policy and I owe $28.25. Am I legally bound to pay? I live in NJ if that matters!	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can hotel charge pet fee for dog? Can a hotel in Florida charge a pet fee for a room? I am paying 240.00 a week for my hotel plus paying 140.00 a week for my dog. There has never been a problem with my dog using that bathroom in the room and he has never chewed anything up and he does not bark.Can they charge me that much for a pet fee?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What are a squatter&#39;s rights in Michigan? What are a squatters rights in Michigan?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
If the mother gives consent to date her teen daughter is it legal? If the mother gives consent to date her teen daughter is it legal?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
What are my resources in this case? I was involved in a car accident that was the other drivers fault but now she is suing me.  Both of us claim it was each other's fault.  There were 2 independent witnesses that said the accident was the other persons fault but I did not get their names and contact information. The officer reassured me that he would get the information and that he would include it on the accident report.  My attorney just called me this morning to tell me that the officer did not get their information and does not remember either.  The accident happened in January.  What are my recourses here? I may lose this case and never collect anything because of the actions of this officer.	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Is there a percentage cut off for how much a landlord can increase rent in a year Is there a percentage cut off for how much a landlord can increase rent in a year (in an apartment in Atlanta)?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Are we responsible if son&#39;s friend pays him using mother&#39;s checks without permission? My son, 19, sold some goods to a friend who wrote checks for the goods on his mothers bank account without her permission. The checks cleared and now her bank account is overdrawn and she is demanding we pay her bank back are we responsible.	Finance Questions	New York
Will I be able to get a driver&#39;s license as it was revoked but I&#39;m paying back child support? Will I be able to get a driver's license as it was revoked but I'm paying back child support?	Family Questions	Illinois
How do I keep my SSI and get married? I want to get married and not lose my SSI? How can I do that?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
in the state of MA can a 16-year-old parent move out without parental consent? in the state of MA can a 16-year-old parent move out without parental consent?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Is there sales tax if car title marked as gift? I want to give my deceased husband's car to my daughter. If I mark the title as a gift, will she have to pay sales tax?	Family Questions,Legal Questions,Tax Questions	Ohio
Effect of divorce on legal guardianship of minor I am married and we have Legal Guardianship of a minor. I would like to get divorced but am concerned that this would affect the Guardianship of the child who is Navajo (Native American). As legal Guardians of a minor if myself and my wife got divorced would the courts try to take our daughter away because we are now divorced?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Hampshire
What is the 100 mile rule in custody cases in TN? What is the 100 mile rule in custody cases in TN? Is this based on door-step to door-step? County to county? Can you use latitude and longitude to choose the 100 miles?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Is there a time limit that the corrected amount be paid? There was an error made on the pay check and payroll correction request submitted. Is there a time limit that the corrected amount be paid?	Employment Questions	California
Is it legal to put home back on market after someone signs its contract? I have found a home in probate, gotten financed, and signed two contracts, and now its back on market.I have been waiting two months to hear something about this, and see it back on the market for 15k more. Now they are showing my contract. can they do this?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How do you file for divorce when after a protective order was served for myself and children? How do you file for divorce when after a protective order was served for myself and children? My ex moved and I have no idea where he lives now.	Family Questions	Alaska
How do I evict people from my home because they won&#39;t voluntarily leave after I have asked them? How do I evict people from my home because they won't voluntarily leave after I have asked them? I live in Polk County Florida.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is the landlord liable if the garage door to my apartment complex came down on my car? the garage door to my apartment complex came down on my car and caused some serious damage including ripping my roof racks off, are they liable?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
If something is written off, does a company still pursue you for the monetary amount owed? If something is written off, does a company still pursue you for the monetary amount owed?	Consumer Questions	New York
How can I get someone off of my property legally in Maricopa County, Arizona when there is NO lease? None	Leasing Questions	Arizona
Is there any legal way I can bring against the person who was sold a vehicle but will not pay for it? I have an Aunt who recently passed away in September 2011.  She sold a vehicle to someone and they entered into a contract that he is suppose to pay a monthly payment until it was paid off.  I have the contract but it was not signed by him.  I contacted him in Dec 2011 and he agreed to continue payments in Jan 2012.  Since then the vehicle has been involved in an accident while parked. Now he says he will not continue to pay until he gets the vehicle fixed.  For some reason my Aunt had the pink slip put in his name but she was holding onto it until he paid in full.  Is there any legal I can bring against him.  He still has a balance owing of close to $4000.00	Criminal Questions	California
How much should I expect if the company will admit liability for for my accident? I fell into a hole left by shoddy workmen on a supermarket forecourt. I had a bilateral hip replacement 3 months before. This has translated into a persistent bursitis. The company have admitted liability and say they will offer compensation. How much should I expect?	Personal Injury Questions	P6
I hadg a five yr old MRI, referred to a pain specialist. He insisted he was giving me spinal injections with that MRI. I had asked him shouldn&#39;t do a new one he said no. He did the injections, the second time he hit something I cried immediately and about jumped off the table. I ended his practice. I have since then gotten a new MRI, drastic difference from old one. I'm in more pain than I was when I went there!! Do I have a legal case??	Personal Injury Questions	Ohio
Question regarding a writ of garnishment from the state of Alabama? I have a writ of garnishment from the state of Alabama. I live in Texas. It had been delayed because Texas doesn't allow wage garnishments but the legal department at my job is moving forward with it now. I cannot take a 25% reduction in my pay for the the next few months. What are my options with me being so far away? Thanks	Consumer Questions	Texas
Is it legal if my husband&#39;s doctor has some legal matters affecting him? My husband went to the emergency room yesterday complaining about severe abdominal pain. They told him that he had a hernia near his diaphragm and needed emergency surgery. He was sent home because the doctor who was going to perform the surgery was sued by my husband a few years back for doing a different hernia repair and he messed up big time. The doctor said in front of his colleagues "I'm not used to talking to Mr. Wilmer, I'm used to talking to his lawyers." He was sent home with an elevated blood pressure and a hernia. Is that legal or illegal. Please give me some advice on this matter. Thank you, Mrs. Monique Wilmer.	Personal Injury Questions	Maryland
Can the mother take legal action for money based on a text? I have legal joint custody of my child. Her mom and I alternate claiming child on taxes. She hasn't worked in 2 years so I asked to claim child in a text. In that text, I said I'd give mom 1/2 of child credit money I get back. I was actually going to put that 1/2 in child's bank account. Can the mother take legal action for money based on a text?	Family Questions	New York
What are the limitations of open carry in Colorado? What are the limitations of open carry in Colorado?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Can I move back to Alaska and still be able to have visitation with my son so far away? My name is Kayla. I am 22 years old. I have a 3 year old son living in New York with his father. I had recently moved out here from Alaska to be with my son because my son's grandparents and father made me feel guilty for living so far away from my son. I work a minimum dollar an hour job in Alaska. It's enough to support me and my son but my ex husband's family talked me into staying. I am currently living with my ex-father in law and he is kicking me out every other day. I work for him and he says he's not giving me a paycheck because I live at his house. I need to support myself and my son. That's the reason I came here to NY. Can I move back to Alaska and still be able to have visitation with my son so far away?	Family Questions	New York
What should my friend do if she was suspected  to steal money at work and a police report was written? My friend was suspected to steal money at work and a police report was written. What should she do?	Criminal Questions	Connecticut
Can consumer be restricted to one service provider without signed contract? Can a particular service provider force a consumer to only request services from that provider without a signed contract?  Or can the consumer use any provider of that service?	Consumer Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Virginia
I have a child with autism who will soon be 18 years old. Her disability is well documented with doctor&#39;s reports. As she will never be an independent adult, I need to get a guardianship. How do I do that and how much does it cost?  I do not have money to spend as I am a single mom. State of NM.	Family Questions	New Mexico
Will the absent father be able to get rights to see my daughter and could he eventually get part custody? My daughter is 8 years old and her father has never paid child support. He has seen her but 2 times since she was born now. He contacted me saying if I don't allow him to see her he is getting a lawyer to be able to see her. Will he be able to get rights to see her and could he eventually get part custody? Also I have a past of cps in my life that he may know about. Could I even lose my daughter? I'm a really good mom but with a lot of bad luck. How will this thing go down? Please Help	Family Questions	Nevada
My son&#39;s biological father just passed away. I need to know what legal rights does his step mom have? Can she take me to court for custody? I live in New York State and I need to know what the law is in the state pertaining to step parent rights after a custodial parent passes away.	Family Questions	New York
Can the mother of my child keep the child from me if I want to be there for the child? Can the mother of my child keep the child from me if I want to be there for the child?	Family Questions	Missouri
What do I do after losing a small claims case but there was documentation? I lost a small claims over not having a employment agreement. Judge Lee Fisher claimed he was unable to rule either way without it. Problem is Staff. Escapes has all that documentation. They produced no witnesses and I produced 2 and testimony in a dispute over unpaid wages.  What do I do from here?&#x4d;&#111;&#x6e;&#107;&#x73;&#x67;&#101;&#64;&#x67;&#x6d;&#x61;&#x69;&#108;&#x2e;&#99;&#111;&#109;	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can I take the baby&#39;s dad for child support even though he doesn&#39;t want to be involved? I'm pregnant for a guy that wants nothing to do with the pregnancy and he hasn't been around during the pregnancy. Can I take him for child support even though his name is not going to be on the birth certificate and he doesn't want to be involved.	Family Questions	New York
What is likely event of a licensed driver is in an insured vehicle with improper registration being cited during a traffic stop in New York state county of Erie? What is likely in the event of a licensed driver is in an insured vehicle with improper registration being cited during a traffic stop in New York state county of Erie?	Criminal Questions	New York
What is the difference between court docket with court room minutes verses Final Court Deposition? What is the difference between court docket with court room minutes verses Final Court Deposition?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
My ex husband was granted an annulment on Oct 17th, 2011 in Moore County TN. 18 mos after our marriage and now wants to have the annulment order vacated &amp; us married again. Can we do this &amp; what do we need to file with the court?	Family Questions	Tennessee
If I fell outside of my workplace, will I be covered for Workers Comp for my hospital bill? If I fell outside of my workplace while headed into work, will I be covered for Workers Comp for my hospital bill?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
How do I obtain a driving work permit? How do I obtain a driving work permit? I lost my license when I was laid off of work for failure to pay child support.  I have since been paying for the last 3 months and they are now taking the payment from my check again. My license has been suspended for over a year and I need to get them back or at least a work permit.	Family Questions	Georgia
How do I get emancipated in Alabama when my parents aren&#39;t willing to sign for it? How do I get emancipated in Alabama when my parents aren't willing to sign for it?	Family Questions	Alabama
Is it legal for employer to transfer me without consent or lay off if I refuse? Can my employer transfer me without my consent? If i don't agree to the transfer, can they lay me off?	Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Employment Questions	Texas
Possible to take a separated husband &amp; make him pay for home loans and tax bills he caused? Is it possible to take a husband you are separated from and make him pay for home loans and tax bills he caused? I don't know where he is and been left with serious issues. He made gross errors on the taxes I didn't know this now I am left with a 120000 bill and a home loan he talked me in to and say he would pay.	Family Questions	Delaware
Is it illegal for a foreign minor to be driving with a foreign license in the US? Is it illegal for a foreign minor to be driving with a foreign license in the US?	Criminal Questions	California
If there hasn&#39;t been a court ordered custody, does the mother have more rights over the father? if there hasn't been a court ordered custody, does the mother have more rights over the father in the state of North Dakota? Even though  the mother has been assigned to pay child support because the child is on medicaid?	Family Questions	North Dakota
Can an 18-year-old have a consensual relationship with a 16-year-old? Can an 18-year-old have a consensual relationship with a 16-year-old?	Criminal Questions	Oregon
paralegal office calling giving personal information to my boss I took out an online loan and these people are calling me and my job saying it didn't get paid they gave my boss personal info saying there was a case being sent to Norfolk and gave him a case number. Is this legal to give to anyone except me? They also told me they are a small office so they would not take the time to send me an email or fax of validation of who they are and what my payments are for until after they have taken the entire amount from my account and will then send me something by mail. There is no information about this national litigation online and they said it was because they get to many threats does this sound normal.	Finance Questions	Massachusetts
Question about being made to work even though you have a doctor&#39;s excuse of Bronchitis? I have a question about being made to work even though you have a doctors excuse to stay out of work with bronchitis?	Employment Questions	Alabama
If My 14-year-old abandoned me to live with her dad, can he legally get me to pay child support? If My 14-year-old abandoned me to live with her dad, can he legally get me to pay child support?	Family Questions	Florida
What are the things the court looks at to make a decision regarding joint shared equal custody? A divorced couple has joint shared equal custody. They live in two different school districts. The child is just entering school next year. What are the things the court looks at to make that decision?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Question regarding my husband&#39;s abandonment and paying spousal support? I just need to ask a couple of questionsMy husband abandoned me on April 1st 2012 and he is suppose to be paying me spousal support and he has up until the beginning of September. What can I do to get my money?He also told me that he was having divorce papers drawn up where there was no signature required. Is this true?	Family Questions	Virginia
Question regarding being sued for an unpaid mammogram service? I'm being sue for an unpaid mammogram service. It's not that I never intended to pay, I just don't have anything to pay with. I've been unemployed for two years and counting, I don't received any kind of compensation. What can I do?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
I was in a business that we bought on contract. The person we bought the restaurant from died. I had fallen out with my business partner. The family of the person we bought the business from has legal problems and put his estate in probate. It is not allowing me to get my name off the corp. What do I do?	Contract Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Iowa
Can a business release someone from employment due to a medical condition? Can a business release someone from employment due to a medical condition that 2 medical doctors have given the okay to return to work with no problems?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Do I have a possible negligence lawsuit against her burning my house down? Do I have a possible negligence lawsuit against her burning my house down?  She had two different space heaters hooked up to extension cords.  I told her several times that this was a potential fire hazard.  All I asked her to do was make two wall outlets accessible so they could be repaired.  She was too lazy to do so.	Real Estate Questions	Oklahoma
Is it child abandonment if the mother of my child is at home with me and never return to see or get her? Is it child abandonment if the mother of my child is at home with me and never return to see or get her?	Family Questions	Virginia
Is it legal for supervisors to tell other employees why I got laid off and tell them I&#39;m not re-hire-able? Is it legal for supervisors to tell other employees why I got laid off and tell them I'm not re-hire-able?  Also tell other employees my personal business?	Employment Questions	Georgia
If the other parent is willing to sign over their parental rights would that mean I would get full custody? if the other parent is willing to sign over their parental rights would that mean I would get full custody without a battle?	Family Questions	Montana
Does sales commissions go into the amount that is garnished? Does sales commissions go into the amount that is garnished?	Employment Questions	Illinois
What do I do if my landlord takes 3 months to contact me about a debt and attempt? What do I do if my landlord takes 3 months to contact me about a debt and attempt to collect after I moved out for damages, etc.?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Possible for a third-party to requisition and obtain employment records from a private-sector business? Is it possible for a third-party (not an attorney) to requisition and obtain employment records from a private-sector business or company, for the purpose of contacting current and former employees, with intent to gather information and/or statements and signatures relevant to a possible class-action civil lawsuit to be filed after-the-fact?...and is it requisite to inform said employer of one's intent? I have had little success initiating the complaint process on a company which is in gross violation of most OSHA regulations through my significant other, who is reluctant to stand up in the face of continued public embarrassment and hazing, being billed as a "management training program", to which others have also been subjected.	Employment Questions	Arkansas
Landlord changed locks on commercial space for late rent. I am sub leasing a comercial space for my business, the rent is 11 days late. I went to pay the rent and the locks were changes on the space, no notice was given, when I talked to the landlord he said, pay the rent, and then i can get the key, just to clean out my things. What do I do?	Leasing Questions	Maryland
Is there any way to take my sister off the deed or force her to move out of my home? I added my sister to the deed to my home. Sadly she has turned my life into a nightmare. Is there any way to take her off the deed or force her to move out of my home?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Question regarding default on a payday loan in 2008? I defaulted on a payday loan in 2008. I included the lender in my Chapter 7 bankruptcy in 2010. I received a call from a collection agency stating that I was going to be served by a Marshall with a summons for Breach of Contract and Attempt to Defraud (I think it's a fancy term for check fraud) because they tried to withdraw the finds after I had closed the account. I know that check fraud is a criminal offense. Is this just a scare tactic by the collection agency?	Consumer Questions	New York
How do I break up with my ex and get her off my property or is that possible? I own an RV Park.  When I bought the park I gave my girlfriend 20% of the park in the deed so she could be part of the business.  I now regret this.  She is a terrible partner and stays out all night spending money.  How do I break up with her and get her off my property or is that possible?  Who has to leave?	Real Estate Questions	Montana
Does the city have a right to inspect my cellar without a warrant? Does the city have a right to inspect my cellar without a warrant?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What to do if landlord is not giving the prorate rent or deposit back? What to do if landlord is not giving the prorate rent or deposit back when we're on no lease but gave a 30-day notice?	Real Estate Questions	Wyoming
If I have to pay restitution for payment of unemployment, can I ask to pay less per month? I have to pay restitution for payment of unemployment. Can I ask to pay less per month then they are asking me to?	Employment Questions	Idaho
Is my 16-year-old cousin able to move with his biological father in MN when his family lives in IL? I have a 16-year-old cousin that lives in Illinois with his mother step father and a younger sibling. He is going to be 17 this year (2012) and he wants to move in with his biological father here in Minnesota. My question is, is he able to do that? and how?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Help if I was sexually harassed at work and the supervisor voided my check? I worked for a restaurant that has less than 15 employees and I was sexually harassed and a supervisor that doesn't own the place voided my check. I need help with getting this issue taken care of please!!	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Can I leave the state with my kids to hide from my husband or is that considered kidnapping? I live in Texas. I am filling for divorce. Can I leave the state with my kids to hide from my husband or is that considered kidnapping?	Family Questions	Texas
How do i go about finding a good lawyer to help me when I&#39;m 15 and unhappy at home? I'm 15 and I really need a lawyer. I have no money and I'm currently unhappy with things that are going wrong in my house. How do i go about finding a good lawyer to help me?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Looking for a lawyer in AZ to evict some tenants that haven&#39;t paid for 3 months? I'm looking for a lawyer in Phoenix AZ to evict some tenants that haven't paid for 3 months. I already send the eviction notice.	Real Estate Questions	Arizona
Does my mother&#39;s lawyer have to hold the money in escrow if people want to buy her house in cash? My mother has passed away and we have buyers for her house and they are paying cash. Does my mothers lawyer have to hold the money in escrow?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Anything I can do if an employee is slandering your name to other employees? If someone in your place of employment is slandering your name to other employees as well as interviewing applicants is there anything I can do about this?	Employment Questions	Virginia
What is the liability if you back out of signed contract 3 days before closing? What is the liability if you back out of signed contract 3 days before closing?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
With landlord knowing and the mold and fire can I do anything to get her to get the leaking taken care of? Our rental trailer is leaking all over. The kitchen is the worst as it had a quarter of a inch of water in the corner last week. The sockets have started to trip themselves. My question is with landlord knowing and the possibility of mold and fire can I do anything to get her to get the leaking taken care of?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can I keep my married name if divorce decree says may resume maiden name in Massachusetts? Can I keep my married name if divorce decree says may resume maiden name in Massachusetts?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Question regarding my grandmother passing away 2 years ago with no will? My grandmother passed away 2 years ago, with no will. She had a house that was paid off that my father now wants to transfer into his name. She also has 2 adopted children(her actual grandchildren) but there is no dispute about my father taking full ownership of the house. How does he go about getting this done? Ive called the Cook County Clerk of court office and they vaguely said I need to open the estate but could offer me no more information. What exactly does this entail? Is it mandatory to hire a lawyer?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Legal to have interrogatories submitted back to my estranged spouse by myself? I am entering into divorce proceedings and recently received a set of interrogatories to complete. Is it legal to have interrogatories submitted back to my estranged spouse by myself or is it required to have an attorney to do it?  I reside in Virginia.	Family Questions	Virginia
How does an inmate go about getting a prior charge dropped so that he may be eligible for release? How does an inmate, who is sentenced to life & categorized as a career criminal, go about getting a prior charge dropped so that he may be eligible for release?  He has been incarcerated for 18-20yrs to date	Criminal Questions	New York
Is it against the law if my boss forces me to work through my lunch break? Is it against the law if my boss forces me to work through my lunch break?	Employment Questions	Maryland
How would visitations work if children are school aged and mom and dad live on 2 separate parts of town? How would visitations work if children are school aged and mom and dad live on 2 separate parts of town?	Family Questions	Illinois
Question regarding a homeowners association judgement against me? I have a homeowners association judgement against me.  I tried selling my condo after losing my job but couldn't due to a pending homeowner fee assessment, therefore, bank foreclosed.  Now HOA has a judgement against me.  I have sent a letter to their attorney about filing bankruptcy and even offered to make a $20 a month payment.  They want me to attend a meeting to discuss this even though I haven't lived there for almost 2 years.  They will not accept my payment offer.  I need help!	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
What is the California doctrine or theory and is it available to protect one&#39;s creative endeavor? What is the California doctrine or theory and is it available to protect one's creative endeavor?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Is there a statute of limitations for personal guarantee for the state of Florida? Is there a statute of limitations for personal guarantee for the state of Florida?	Employment Questions	Florida
Is my daughter entitled to some of her father&#39;s Money raised for a memorial fund? My daughter's father died and I wanted to know if she is entitled to some of the Money raised for a memorial fund.  Also the money that made from selling his personal items.  The people handling these affairs are his wife and sons.  Do I need a lawyer?Queen	Family Questions	Minnesota
Is there some way to prove a will has been changed after it has happened? Is there some way to prove a will has been changed after it has happened? I believe my sisters are manipulating my recently deceased sister. Unfortunately, one has  power of attorney. My suspicions are lengthy and involved. But they are masters at manipulating my dad especially during times such as these when he is grieving, and right now he is in deep despair over the loss of his youngest daughter / child. Thank you	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What to do if I have a case against a big company whose employer hit me &amp; doesn&#39;t remember? i have a case against a big company whose employer hit me in the head (accident). He now says he doesn't remember. What do I do?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What can I do if my roommate locked me out and refuses to let me get my property? I was renting a room from a friend who decided he wanted me to leave. He told me on a Monday to leave by Saturday but he changed the locks on Wednesday and refuses to allow me to get my property. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
If an employee gets hurt at work and then tests positive for drugs is the employer liable for the bill? If an employee gets hurt at work and then test positive for marijuana is the employer liable for the bill?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Any way I can lessen the blow to my credit report? i received a judgment again me for credit card debt. My wages are now garnished and I want to pay off the judgement to end the wage garnishment and to satisfy the debt. Who do i need to contact in order to do this.  The judgment was filed and won in Ohio and i now live in Kentucky. Also, is there any other steps i need to take and is there anyway i can lessen the blow to my credit report?	Consumer Questions	Kentucky
Sold motorcycle with bill of sale but no title, seller wants money back after two years. I had bought a motorcycle from someone that did not have a title. Six months later I sold it without a title but I did give abill of sale& I told the guy I sold it to said there is no way to get a title now. Two years later he wants his money back. If not he would take me to court. Can he do this?	Consulting Law Questions,Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Finance Questions,Retail Law Questions	Tennessee
If the spouse is refusing treatment on the patient, does the parents have the say so? How can one go about dealing with a spouse of a person who is in the hospital and unable to say what can and cannot be done on the patient? If the spouse is refusing these treatment on the patient, does the parents have the say so if its pertaining to their son or daughter?	Family Questions	New Mexico
Question regarding a temporary protective order? I am presently trying to get a temporary protective order. He chocked and pushed me down in the bushes last night. He said he was going to kill me. Can you give me any advice?	Family Questions	Mississippi
How do I get my iPod now that we live in different states? I paid a phone bill for a person and in exchange we agreed that the person would purchase an iPod for me. Now the person will not respond to calls, texts or emails. How do I get my iPod now that we live in different states?	Consumer Questions	Pennsylvania
Can an employer shorten an employee&#39;s hours because the employee is &quot;inflexible&#39;? Can an employer shorten an employee's hours because the employee is "inflexible' i.e. cannot work weekends because she is a single parent with a young child?  I was hired full-time in 2000 and my hours were changed around 2006 or 2007 at my request to 30 hours per week.  In the beginning of Aug. 2012 I injured my arm.  My doctor put me on sick leave for one week. Since that time my hours have continued to be shortened.  I'm now given 17 to 24 hours on average.	Employment Questions	California
What to do if i got fired cause suspicion of liquor? I got fired from my job because they said that they said that they saw me and another employee give a bottle of liquor?	Employment Questions	New York
What to do if I do not want to give up custody of my child? My daughter is currently staying with my parentsShe does not like the school here where I live and wants to stay with my parents.My parents tell me that they need some type of guardianship/custody of her while shes there,so that the can make decisions for her without me.I told them that I WILL SUPPORT HER as long as shes there. Do they need guardianship just because she is living with them? I do not want to give up custody of my child. What should I do?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Question regarding having bought a car with temporary driver&#39;s permit? I have bought a car with temporary driver's permit and now the dealer is saying that they didn't know that. They misunderstood me as a US citizen and they want the vehicle back unless I get my valid driver's permit.	Consumer Questions	Ohio
Due to the failure to file paperwork as I was in the military for TSP, can i be compensated? When I was in the military i signed for the tsp. The clerk failed to file the paperwork. Now I tried to check my tsp account which I don't have anything. Due to the failure to file paperwork, can i be compensated?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Will Kentucky extradite me back to Indiana for failure to pay child support? Will Kentucky extradite me back to Indiana for failure to pay child support?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
Is there such a thing as setting up a trust fund for my daughter with a 4% interest free/tax free fund? Is there such a thing as setting up a trust fund for my daughter with a 4% interest free/tax free fund?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can I move back to my hometown with my 2 girls if my husband and I are separating? Can I move back to my hometown in PA with my 2 girls if my husband and I are separating and we currently reside in VA?  What are my options?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can i travel abroad with my kids if I have full custody without the father&#39;s consent? I have full physical custody of my two kids. Can i travel abroad with them without the father's consent?We share joint custody.	Family Questions	New York
Would co-defendant affidavit stating defendant&#39;s innocence override signed confession of guilt? If a defendant signed a confession admitting his own guilt in a crime, wouldaffidavitsfrom co-defendants stating he is innocent hold validity over the confession?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Sold stereo that buyer says broke shortly after. Recently i sold a stereo on craigslist. It was approx 6 months old and in good working condition. I sold it for 120 & days later the buyer calls and says its broke and he wants his money back. i told him no, it was fine when he bought it. Do i have rights on this stand?	Consumer Questions	New Mexico
When two companies merge is the father company responsible for the old company tax liability? When two companies merge is the father company responsible for the old company tax liability?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Wisdom tooth was not fully removed. So I just recently had my wisdom teeth removed and yesterday I discovered that one of the teeth that was supposed to be removed wasn't fully. I was just wondering what my rights and what actions could be taken?	Medical Devices Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
What can I do if I have someone who keeps posting pictures of my underage children on Facebook? I have someone who keeps posting pictures of my underage children on Facebook. What can I do about this?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
General contractor not paying subcontractor We submitted a bid and the general contractor accepted it.  Three weeks into the project, the general contractor started talking about a deadline. This was never put into the contract nor was it discussed prior to the job starting.  We gave the general contractor a bill two weeks ago and they just paid today. The check they paid was $825 less than what the balance was and they stated they charged us $25. for each day (33 days) that we were past when they wanted the cabinets.  During the time that we were building the cabinets, they made changes and added things which added to the time. We did not charge them for these changes or additions. Can they legally pay us less than what was agreed upon based on our bid that they accepted?	Construction Law Questions,Contract Questions	Ohio
Illegal to pawn a car title if there are two signatures on the title &amp; only one person signs the loan contract? In the state of Georgia is it against the law to pawn a car title if there are two signatures on the title and only one person signs the loan contract? That's two people on the title, one signature on the loan contract. I am in a situation where I own a car with my wife and she pawned the title without me knowing it now I am stuck with the payment having no idea what happened. Am I in the position to ask for my title back if only her signature is on the pawn contract? Am I in the position to be reimbursed for the payments I have made on the interest?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
If a minor got pregnant &amp; wanted to move out to her boyfriend&#39;s, can she without her mother&#39;s permission? If a 17-year-old girl got pregnant, and wanted to move out to her boyfriends(baby daddy), can she without her mother's permission?	Family Questions	Florida
Can a neighbor make you cut down trees that are on your side of the property line? Hello, Can a neighbor make you cut down trees that are on your side of the property line?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
What is the law in Vermont regarding trees that are ON a property boundary? I want to know what the law is in Vermont regarding trees that are ON a property boundary?	Real Estate Questions	Vermont
Can a judge say not to terminate guardianship of your kids because you are not married? Can a judge tell you that you can not terminate guardianship of your kids because you are not married?	Family Questions	Michigan
How much time in prison can a Deadbeat father get? How much time in prison can a Deadbeat father get?	Family Questions	Florida
Do I have any rights over one of the kids if now that she is saying I will never see him again? If I have two kids with a woman but the first kid turned out not to be mine, do I have any rights over him now that she is saying i will never see him again.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if my ex is making my son play football without my consent and the league will allow it? My ex-husband whom I have joint legal custody with is making our 7 year old son play football without my consent. The football league has said too bad, there is only room for one parent signature. What can I do?	Family Questions	California
Question regarding my apartment putting a warrant on me for not paying? My apartments put a warrant on me for not paying rent for Aug. & Sep. and would not accept Septembers rent because they clam they never got July rent, (wow for real). All this is untrue I have receipt for August still but not for July because of water damage in apartment. Now again they say "they don't want to accept my rent or renew my lease". The owner tried to bribe me to sign papers that would make my rent go up and my lease say other wise. I been here 4 years with a flawless record, no work orders (even when things flooding and broke) I handle it. I want to know if I have a class action law suit, I feel they are over stepping, do I have a case?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
If a employee provides a Doctor&#39;s note for an absence does the employer have to accept the note and excuse the absence in the state of Illinois? If a employee provides a Doctor's note for an absence does the employer have to accept the note and excuse the absence in the state of Illinois?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can dealership discuss my bad credit report with my son-in-low without my permission? Can dealership discuss my bad credit report with my son-in-low without my permission?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Indiana
My previous landlord is taking me small claims court for back rents owed. He did this because he found out he did not have a license to rent the property. Can I countersue for the rents I paid, since he did not have a license to rent?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Maryland
How do I respond if I&#39;m a senior citizen on social security &amp; I am being sue for a credit card debt? I am senior citizen on social security. I am being sue for a credit card debt. how do I respond? Do I have to pay when they say date of debt is from 7/29/2002?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Question about ownership of father&#39;s ESOP and SOP? I live in Pennsylvania. My sister and I were the direct beneficiaries of my father's ESOP and SOP. The plan administrator tells me that this is not part of my dad's "estate" otherwise the new account ownership would read "the estate of Dad" instead of each of us individually as new account owners. Is this correct?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
This past September, my father tried to kill me. I found out recently that he had posted on Facebook that I have a personailty disorder, and needed help. I do have the bi-polar disorder and have been getting the help i need. But does he have the right to share that to people without my concent?	Privacy Questions	New Hampshire
Can a Judge issue a show cause order on a contempt that the Judge dismissed months ago without it refiled? Can a Family Court Judge issue a show cause order on a contempt that the Judge dismissed months ago without it being refiled?	Family Questions	West Virginia
Can a Grandparent get legal custody of a child? Can a Grandparent get legal custody of a child?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can lender come after my second home if I walk away from first home? I am thinking of purchasing a second home.  If my job situation changes and I can't afford the first or second home and I walk away from one, will the lender come after my second home?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What to do if I found out that my Homeowners association was not FHA approved? I was in the process of refinancing my FHA loan when I found out that my Homeowners association was not FHA approved. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
When laid off how long must employer keep health insurance on laid off employee? In CT, when laid off how long must employer keep health insurance on laid off employee?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
If my ex employer owes me over $2,700 in overtime pay, can I get it without a lawsuit? My ex employer owes me over $2,700 in overtime pay. Can I get it without a law suit?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Can a homeowner&#39;s insurance company change the coverage that was initially written in the policy by sending out addendums to the policy which makes the policy coverage completely different than the original? Can a homeowner's insurance company change the coverage that was initially written in the policy by sending out addendums to the policy which makes the policy coverage completely different than the original?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Legal to get fired after getting a third written warning? I've been with a company for 9 1/2 years and I got a third written warning. In that time span, if you do one more thing wrong you're fired.  Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If you are fired are you entitled to get paid owed vacation time? If you are fired are you entitled to get paid owed vacation time?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What is minimum price for selling farm to unrelated party? What is the minimum price a farmer may charge for his farm if he would like to sell to an unrelated party to encourage their success in farming?	Contract Questions	Iowa
Can i sue cps for not believing me when I told them my son was abused in foster care? My son was abused in foster care. Can i sue cps for not believing me when i kept telling them there something wrong?	Family Questions	California
How can a judge sign a custody order if the parents aren&#39;t represented or present and there wasn&#39;t a hearing? Can this order be upheld or can the parents void this agreement anytime? None	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If my mortgage holder filed for bankruptcy, how will it affect my husband and me? My mortgage holder, GMAC has filed bankruptcy, including all entities of the corporation.  How does this affect my husband and me?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Can tenants break contract due to contaminated water? My tenants' water is contaminated. Can they break contract?	Leasing Questions	New York
If my father-in-law passed away and left a home with a mortgage to his children, is it okay for them to move in now? My father-in-law passed away without a will. He owned a home that has a mortgage. The 2 adult children have decided who will live in the home. The banker from the mortgage company told them they could move in at anytime. Is this correct?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Idaho
How to end contract when company fails to provide service? If my company has a year contract with a company and that said company is not providing the service we are paying for, what do we need to do to end the contract with that company?	Administrative Law Questions	Oklahoma
Is my marriage valid if I never sent paperwork to the state of MI and didn&#39;t change name at Social Security? I've been married for 5 years and I never sent paperwork to the state of MI and didn't change name at Social Security. I'm wanting a divorce. Is my marriage valid?	Family Questions	Michigan
Can my landlord add my roommate to my lease without my approval or me being present? Can my landlord or owner of building add my roommate to my lease without my approval or me being present	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I be told not to return to work because I do not fit the physical appearance? Can I be told not to return to work because I do not fit the physical appearance? The institution wants to display  my sexual orientation. It is not what they are looking for in employees?	Family Questions	Georgia
Under which state law must the employer adhere to regarding termination of the Colorado employees? If a corporation I'm working for is based in Dubai, India, with an office in New Jersey, and our small office is located in Colorado, under which state law must the employer adhere to regarding termination of the Colorado employees?	Employment Questions	Colorado
What is the fine or penalty (if any) for NOT probating a will? In Alabama, what is the fine or penalty (if any) for NOT probating a will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
Can a person living in the state of South Carolina sue for wrongful termination or is re-employment the only goal that can be pursued? Can a person living in the state of South Carolina sue for wrongful termination or is re-employment the only goal that can be pursued?	Employment Questions	South Carolina
What happens in MN if the confidential informant doesn&#39;t appear in court? What happens in MN if the confidential informant doesn't appear in court? Will the charge against the person be dropped?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Can I work as a CNA with a felony failure to appear that happened in 2007? Can I work as a CNA with a felony failure to appear that happened in 2007?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Can police pick up person who fainted without medical personnel on scene? If a person faints can a police officer pick them up without any medical personal on scene?	Legal Questions	New Jersey
If I own and operate my own truck that is over 26000 pounds to haul logs that I own, do I have to have CDL in the state of Tennessee?	Administrative Law Questions,Commercial Questions	Tennessee
What forms do I fill out if I bought a car with no title? What forms do I fill out if I bought a car with no title?	Consumer Questions	Missouri
How can I legally make a roommate move out after a signed lease by both parties expires? How can I legally make a roommate move out after a signed lease by both parties expires? I agreed to let her stay an extra 15 days, however, she has yet to find a new place to live. Do I have any legal rights to force her to leave as she is an unfit roommate/tenant as she doesn't clean, her child breaks everything and leaves human waste throughout the house. I have filed numerous complaints with my landlord and they have agreed not to renew the lease with her on it.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I remove my name and any information about me from the internet? How do I remove my name and any information about me from the internet?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Question about boyfriend giving me money as a gift for possible investment? Boyfriend gave me money as a gift for possible investment (home) or just to have it for myself to take care of my needs when I get older.He wrote me a note that he will never ask me or my family to give it back and he signed it.It is not notarized or prepared by an attorney.It was about 3-4 years ago.I just got letter from his lawyer that he wants it back, because I didn't invest it.We are in North CaliforniaWe have been together almost 10 years.I don't know what to do?According to the letter they want me to respond by the end of JunePlease let me know if you need more information.I appreciate your helpThank you very much for timely responseBarbara M	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can the court charge me back child support for the last two and a half years in my new job? Neither my ex wife nor I reported new jobs since our last mediation where that was a stipulation.  I pay child support to her each month.  My new, unreported job pays more than her new, unreported job.  She is taking me back for more child support.  Can the court charge me back child support for the last two and a half years in my new job?	Family Questions	Colorado
Is spouse entitled to compensation of property acquired during marriage if name not on documents? Am I (the husband) entitled to any compensation of property acquired during the marriage ie. the house, even if my signature is not on the documents?	Family Questions	Illinois
Commercial property owner (landlord) evicted us for non-payment. Commercial property owner (landlord) evicted us for non-payment.She gave us 2 days to leave and says we owe 12,000.00. 3 persons signed lease not under our company name. Owner wants all 3 of us to sign to pay back this amount. I want 3 separate agreements to pay back with amount 4000 each. Landlord will not agree. What should we do?	Leasing Questions	Mississippi
Can a volunteer supervise and evaluate a paid employee? Can a volunteer supervise and evaluate a paid employee? I work at a Catholic School and a parent was given this authority over me which resulted in the loss of my job and defamation of my character.	Employment Questions	Illinois
Is my landlord allowed to schedule maintenance without my approval? I needed maintenance done on my washer/dryer. My landlord said he would have someone there the next day at noon. I responded that I was unable to be home at noon. The landlord replied that the worker was en route already. My 16 year old was home alone and let the maintenance man enter. Is my landlord allowed to schedule maintenance without my approval?	Real Estate Questions	California
What is the law on return of the new vehicle? My mom went to car lot today and traded her vehicle for another vehicle. What is the law on return of the new vehicle?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
How to stop my ex from forging legal documents? I'm a mother of a 12yr old boy and his dad has custody in Illinois. I moved to Florida 3 yrs ago and haven't  been able to see my son because his dad always has an excuse to where I can't get any visitation. I pay child support and call him but he wants his wife to adopt him so he's trying to push me out his life so she can adopt him without my consent. I think they are forging my name for legal documents as well like passports and getting money out of my son's account which is not supposed to be touched without my signature, what can I do?	Family Questions	Florida
What does early settlement mean? What does early settlement mean?	Criminal Questions	New York
In which instance does infidelity  within a marriage become illegal? Good Day, My Name is Giliane. In which instance does infidelity  within a marriage become illegal?	Family Questions	Florida
An unemployment claim was filed against our business &amp; we did not receive notification of this person receiving benefits.  We did receive a note that this was paid. We have written three letters disputing claim.  What procedure do I follow?	Administrative Law Questions,Employment Questions	Arkansas
How do I get full custody of my son if she has moved to another state without telling me? I have joint custody with the mother but she has moved out of the state of Hawaii to go live in California without telling me. She has left my son with his grandmother back here in Hawaii. The family is trying to cover up the fact that she has moved away but now I have evidence that she has moved away.  How do I get full custody of him?	Family Questions	Washington
Can police arrest me for suspended license if not pulled over? Can a cop arrest me for driving with a suspended license if he didn't actually pull me over but says he saw me driving earlier?	Criminal Questions	Washington
Understanding that by accepting my roommate&#39;s check for rent that she should be a tenant? I have a roommate who has been living with me since Nov. 2011. The management company has been accepting her personal checks for rent in the past and now suddenly without any notice refused her check for payment and demanded a check from me for the full rent amount. It ended up costing me an NSF fee from my bank and one from the management co plus a late fee because my check cleared before hers. Locks to building have also been changed and management refuses to give my roommate a key. It was my understanding that by accepting her check for rent that my roommate should have rights as a tenant under my lease? If not shouldn't the length of time shes lived here plus the accepting of her check grant her rights as a tenant? I'm in California BTW.	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding breaking a lease when the place was not clean? We signed a lease after viewing images from landlord. Upon arrival there was no cleaning, fixing or retouching made from previous tenant. It was extremely dirty and not ready for us to move in prior the start of our lease. Landlord wants us to wait and fix everything but we find it unprofessional  We are trying to get our deposit +pet deposit back due to house not being ready for us in time. The landlord hired a lawyer and requested us to leave her with one month rent to break the contract. We think we don't owe them a single cent and landlord has to pay for our hotel expenses and inconvenience. We are not sure how law works here and how to proceed. Just give landlord this one month rent or fight over it in court and have a chance of losing.	Real Estate Questions	Maryland
What type of pre-nupitual agreement is needed to protect my finacee&#39;s property from my previous debt? I am about to get married and want to protect my fiancee's property from my previous debt, including tax debt. What type of pre-nupitual agreement is needed to do so?	Consumer Questions	Oregon
How do I get started in getting a divorce? How do I get started in getting a divorce?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Do I have to pay next month&#39;s rent if my lease ended last month? I'm trying to move out of my apartment and last month was the last month on the lease. I want to move out but seven days before the next month's rent is due. The landlord wants next month's rent. Do I have to pay it?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do you need to remain in the state in which you are receiving benefits? Do you need to remain in the state in which you are receiving benefits or can you leave the state to look for work?	Employment Questions	California
Law regarding how much overtime an employee can work in a 2-week period? Is there are law regarding how much overtime an employee can work in a 2-week period?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Ways a school board can tuition public school children out to another district? Are there any possible ways a school board can tuition public school children out to another district without voter approval from the community? If they only tuition out a certain percentage, can they do this without voter approval? This is unpopular with staff as it creates a loss of jobs. The school board argues it is more cost efficient. Either way can this be done without approval from the community.	Employment Questions	New York
Is it legal that your employer works you 6 and a half hours without a break or lunch? Is it legal that your employer works you 6 and a half hours without a break or lunch?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Does Massachusetts have any type of law for getting paid for being &#39;&#39;on call&#39;&#39;? Does Massachusetts have any type of law for getting paid for being ''on call''?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If 17 years of age girl has a baby, is she considered a adult? If 17 years of age girl has a baby, is she considered a adult?	Family Questions	California
How many hours must an employee work for a 15-minute break? How many hours must an employee work for a 15-minute break or a 30-minute lunch break?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal for a property owner to evict someone for a non payment of rent and then keep personal items?	Leasing Questions	Missouri
If I look up the lyrics to a song and handwrite them for singing it in church am I breaking a copyright law? If I look up the lyrics to a song and hand write them on a piece of paper for the purpose of singing the song in church am I breaking a copyright law? I would not be recording the song.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	South Carolina
If the judgement is satisfied prior to the actual eviction day, can I still be evicted? I have an eviction notice for non payment.  The court date is approaching.  After the court date if the judgement is satisfied prior to the actual eviction day, can  still be evicted?	Real Estate Questions	District of Columbia
Is the man listed on the birth certificate responsible for child support after proving he wasn&#39;t the father? A man's name was listed on a Birth Cert. as the father of a child and he was supporting thatchild. A DNA was take showing that he was not the father. His name was removed from the birth certificate. He is still responsible for supporting the child.	Family Questions	California
What determines if you lost parental rights? What determines if you lost parental rights & what is the age the court considers a child's opinion in a custody case?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Do you have to notify the patients that they are being recorded? If there are cameras placed in and around a doctors office, do you have to notify the patients that they are being recorded?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Florida
Is this agreement reasonable and customary when involving a credit check? I recently submitted a manuscript to a Christian Publishing Company.  This company has many major authors in their author listing.  They recently offered me a publishing contract, however; it does not include an advance and I have to agree to purchase 3,000 books ($13,500) before my book is released.  This agreement includes a credit check which will allow the publisher to spread my book payments over a 12 month span.  Is this reasonable and customary?  Is this a good deal?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Can a private restaurant owner fire you for calling in to take your child to the doctors? Can a private restaurant owner fire you for calling in to take your child to the doctors?Can he say " go home and take care of your kids that's were your job is at"? That's how he fired me when he meet me at the car the next day.	Employment Questions	Colorado
How much you get when working overnight in Mcdonalds? How much can you get when working overnight in Mcdonalds?	Employment Questions	New York
Do I have the right to return the car if one day later the head gaskets had to replaced? I purchased a used car as is from a dealer and one day later had to have the head gaskets replaced. Do I have the right to return the car or have the right to be reimbursed by the dealer?	Consumer Questions	Michigan
Can the mother of my child have a live-in boyfriend at her house if we have joint legal custody? Can the mother of my child have a live-in boyfriend at her house if we have joint legal custody in the state of Virginia?	Family Questions	Virginia
How do you respond to a summons for a complaint of a contract by a collection attorney? How do you respond to a summons for a complaint of a contract by a collection attorney?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
If I am laid off, when should I get my final pay and vacation pay? if I am laid off, my position was abolished on 6/30/2012, when should I get my final pay and vacation pay?	Employment Questions	Alabama
What to do to get my name onto the deed of my mom&#39;s property since she has dementia? My mother has been put into a nursing facility. I have taken over the home and live in the residence and am paying all necessary bills in the home. I would like to know what I may do to get my name put onto the deed for the property. I have power of attorney  because she has onset dementia. do I have any legal recourse???? There is approximately a $9,000.00 left on the home.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Can I sell the property before the lease ends if the tenant does not want to leave? I have a tenant with a year-long lease in a house I own. I am thinking of selling the property. Can I sell the property before the lease ends if the tenant does not want to leave and he has complied with all the terms of the lease agreement? My mortgage payment is higher than my rental income and I am in danger of losing the house to foreclosure because I have lost my job and cannot afford to continue to lose $ every month.	Real Estate Questions	Utah
What are the chances of getting child support from my ex before he leaves for Turkey? My husband has said he would like a divorce. He wants to go back to his native Turkey, so my question is if he does not pay child support before he leaves for Turkey, what would be the chance of getting child support?	Family Questions	Virginia
Is my teen daughter&#39;s baby daddy liable for child support from his SSI? My teen daughter had a baby with a 17 yr old on SSI .  He did not turn 18 until after graduation.  Is he liable for child support from his SSI?	Family Questions	California
How important is it to have a stockholder agreement for a startup? I have a startup company (C-corp) where I am the sole shareholder. I'm not contemplating outside investment in the near future but would like to be able to issue shares or options to employees and/or outside advisers.  Do I have to have a stockholder agreement in place before doing this?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions	Maryland
What can a mother do if a father takes child out of state without mother&#39;s consent? What can a mother do if a father takes child out of state without mother's consent? They are unwed and paternity has been established. A court date has been set but not before father takes child out of state.	Family Questions	Vermont
Can I just quit and return the property, losing all my money or could there be further penalty? I have a lease purchase agreement for a house that I am living in. The neighborhood is bad and I want out of my contract. Can I just quit and return the property, losing all my money? Or could there be further penalty?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
When one of my children turns 18 and drops out of school, do I still have to pay his support? When one of my children turns 18 and drops out of school, do I still have to pay his support?	Family Questions	Alabama
Worked without pay because not notified of termination. I was allegedly let go several weeks ago. However, I was never notified of my termination thus I remained working in the field for those several weeks. Does this fall under wrongful/improper termination being that I have been working for the past several weeks with no compensation for it?	Employment Questions	New Jersey
How do I get full custody custody of my daughter? I am a mother of a 2 year old and I want to get full physical/legal custody of my daughter.	Family Questions	Georgia
What can I do if I was fired for false accusations? I just got recently fired from work for no entire reason. I want to know if I am able to do something about it because I was accused for false accusations?	Employment Questions	New York
Are we going to lose the house soon if we didn&#39;t pay real estate taxes for over 2 years? We have a house in NY state & we didn't pay real estate taxes for over 2 years. Are we going to lose the house soon? What can we do?  House is on the market right now. Please help!!!!1	Real Estate Questions	New York
What is a DAC condition of approval and do I have a case about my car? I bought a used car from a dealer I haven't had it for 13 days and now the transmission has failed and the motor mount is damaged. The valve cover leaks the motor taps and the turbo is gone out. The car is sold as is but they gave me a 30day motor and transmission warranty. Can you explain to me what a DAC condition of approval is and do i have a case about my car that I'm financing?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Legal for an employer to cut my base pay and make us quit if we don&#39;t agree? I am a Mgr/Advisor in the Automotive industry and my employer wants to cut my base pay and have a pay based on customer response and if we do not sign this new contract we will be fired. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
If I am suspended from work over a month, can I apply for unemployment? If I am suspended from work over a month, can I apply for unemployment?	Employment Questions	Connecticut
What is the process for transferring title? We have paid the final payment on our mortgage which was held by my husbands ex-wife.  What is the process for transferring the title? She is claiming that she needs to go to her lawyer and that we are responsible for showing the payments that we've made over the 15 years. Is this the usual procedure or can it all be done with a notary? We've paid regularly each month with only one month when my husband paid a week late. At that time she immediately went to a lawyer and we had to pay his legal fees as well along with a fine and the mortgage payment of course.	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a beneficiary of a living trust take the executor to small claims court to get more money? Can a beneficiary of a living trust take the executor to small claims court to get more money? My sister is personally suing me. The money is gone, all assets have been divided. No formal accounting has ever been completed though. All beneficiaries have continued to be informed of all actions of the estate. It has been 8 years since our mothers death. Is there a statute of limitations or a theory of laches defense I can use? Also my sister is suing me in the court where she lives, not where I live. I have done all the work for the estate in a different county than the estate. The only money left is to defend myself in court against my siblings. They have fought me every step of the way. I spent 7,000.00 on attorney fees so far.	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How do we disperse our father&#39;s estate without a will? My father passed without a will. His children need to know how to handle his affairs. There are 2 biological children and 1 adopted. Can one proceed and make arrangements, such as cremation without the consent of the others? How do we disperse his estate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Alabama
Can I sue my ex fiance for unpaid rent and pain and suffering for cheating? Can I sue my ex fiance for unpaid rent and pain and suffering for cheating?	Family Questions	Alabama
How do I sign over my rights to my sister of my child? How do I sign over my rights to my sister of my child? We live in CO?	Family Questions	Colorado
Will they garnish  my wages and also my taxes for what my new husband currently owes? I was recently married and my husband owes back child support and current support. He is currently not working. Will they garnish my wages and also my taxes for what he owes?	Family Questions	New York
How can I get someone out of my house that doesn&#39;t help pay the bills? How can I get someone out of my house that doesn't help pay the bills only buy food every now and then?	Family Questions	Florida
Can judge question marital values in divorce? Can the martial assest values be questioned in a judge's divorce report?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
When an owner terminates a home improvement contract in California, is written notice required? When an owner terminates a home improvement contract in California, is written notice required?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can a lien be put on a house that is homesteaded? Can a lien be put on a house that is homesteaded?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
1 out of 100 is not directly your DNA right? Suppress DNA if its not 100 percent? 1 out of 100 is not directly your DNA right?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
In the state of Massachusetts can you leave your house at age 17? In the state of Massachusetts can you leave your house at age 17? I know you are not a legal adult, but even if your parents called the cops and told them you were a run away they couldn't make you go home once you are 17, correct?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
What can I expect to happen if I received a writ of FiFa on my front door today delivered by a deputy sheriff? I received a writ of FiFa on my front door today delivered by a deputy sheriff. Jormandy, LLC has sued for an old Chase account they bought. My debt owed, according to Jormandy, is $3,995.00. I live in Virginia, unemployed, and I only own a 1996 Ford Escort with 190,000 miles.I accepted a job offer today, start Tuesday, and I'm afraid they're going to take my car since it is the only property I own, and I need it to get to my new job.What can I expect to happen? Please help!	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Are Insurance Companies required to pay for rental car fees? Are Insurance Companies required to pay for rental car fees for when your car is in body shop even if you rent a car?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Furnished apartment has had a nonfunctional stove for five weeks. Do I pay full rent after I&#39;ve tried to get it resolved and still no satisfaction? Furnished apartment has had a nonfunctional stove for five weeks. Do I pay full rent after I've tried to get it resolved and still no satisfaction?	Leasing Questions	Texas
Can we use Jan 2011 as a separation date? my husband and i separated Jan 2011 and lived separately until September 2011 when we tried to seek counseling and work things out. things did not work out and our marital home burnt in Jan 2012 . After that we moved in a rental home until I could purchase a new home which I did. Can we use Jan 2011 as separation date?	Family Questions	South Carolina
How much notice do landlords have to give renters in raising rent? How much notice do landlords have to give renters in raising rent?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Illinois
If I&#39;m behind on child support but I&#39;m trying to pay, will they put me in jail? If I'm behind on child support but I'm trying to pay, will they put me in jail? If so do I have the right to legal counsel?	Family Questions	Alabama
Do handicap parking cards allow overnight parking on street with restricted times? Are people with handicap place cards allowed to park overnight on a town street with no parking from 2.30 am-4.30 am?	Administrative Law Questions,Government Questions	New Jersey
Can my kid sell lemonade without getting in trouble? Can my kid sell lemonade in Fenton, Michigan without getting in trouble?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Illinois
How do I proceed if my ex has not paid alimony for 8 months as I want to garnish his SS? My Ex has not paid alimony for eight months. He is receiving SS and I want to garnish his SS. We are both seniors. How would I proceed as this is causing me tremendous hardship?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
Can company garnish wages from 11 years ago at 20% interest? can a company garnish your wages from 11 years ago and also at such a high interest?there is a company garnish my wages around 1/2 after taxes and I pay insurance and all of that, thishurts because I can not pay for house payment or meds for my children, 20 % interest seems high	Bankruptcy Questions,Financial Questions	Oklahoma
Lawyer for case on Wikileaks. Hi I need a lawyer about my case on wikileaks. Please email me to&#115;&#104;&#x69;&#111;&#111;&#x6f;&#x74;&#x68;&#114;&#111;&#x6e;&#x65;&#x40;&#121;&#x61;&#104;&#x6f;&#x6f;&#x2e;&#99;&#111;&#x6d;. Thanks.	Bankruptcy Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
Can I voluntarily repossess house financed car? I'm thinking about voluntary repossession of my vehicle. I am a first time buyer and was told many things about the vehicle that later turned out to be false when taking it to a mechanic.  It is becoming too much to pay for the loan "which is in house financed" and the repair bills.	Bankruptcy Questions	Washington
Can I discharge taxes by filing Ch 7,11, or 13, 4 months after Chapter 11 plan approved? I filed a chapter 11 on the 20th of October in 2007.  I filed as a sole proprietor/individual.My plan was approved in March of this year and the Order Closing the Case was approved in May.At this point I owe $ 90,000 in taxes to the State of New Mexico and I want to know if I can file another BK, 7,11 or 13 and get the debt discharged.  The returns were filed in October 2008 and I was never assessed.I have a bunch of "maybe" answers from Albuquerque Attys and one "If you give is a $ 5,000 retainer, we will research it and let you know" answer.  There are not a lot of BK atty's in New Mexico.	Bankruptcy Questions	New Mexico
Should my friend do bankruptcy/credit counseling before he gets divorced since he is in credit card debt? My friend is buried in credit card debt mostly from bad debits from his LLC business. He wants to get divorced, but doesn't want to financially crush his wife/2 kids with a bankruptcy. Should he do the bankruptcy/credit counseling thing before he gets divorced, or after to spare his wife?	Bankruptcy Questions	New York
How much money can be taken out of my bank account? Capitol One filed a complaint against me for $4,742.52. My income is less than $2k per month. I have a court summons. I need options.	Bankruptcy Questions	Illinois
debt responsibility. If my divorce decree says that my Ex is responsible for the debt of the second mortgage, can the credit union sue me for half?	Bankruptcy Questions	Minnesota
Is it legal for Florida to hold one&#39;s ID for not paying court costs and fines? Is it legal for the state of Florida to hold a person's ID for not paying court costs and court fines?	Appellate Practice Questions,Bankruptcy Questions	Michigan
property title How do I get a deed and title for my father's property which in his name and is heir's property?	Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
Separated from hubby who signed lease. I&#39;m only an occupant in VA. My husband and I are separated. He signed a lease for a home in Virginia, while I was still in Florida and put both myself and the children as occupants. My children and I then moved up here a few weeks later, only to have my husband and I separate (I never signed the lease). My husband wrote a letter validating that he would be responsible for paying the rent, and he recently filed a chapter 7 (last month) and was arrears in the rent. After the landlord finding out he filed chapter 7 they are now trying to add me to the lawsuit for eviction to sue me as the occupant (not the lease, since I showed up at court). What is my best way of defense. Can they do this? Can I assume his debt for a lease even if I did not sign it?	Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
What to do if my lawyer misrepresented me and I was found guilty? I was on trial with a co-defendant--she paid her lawyer I had a court appointed--she got her attorney through mine (they are friends). We both had assault charges and more---Bottom line is that the attorneys met with 5 eye witnesses who saw that I was grabbed by neck and then and only then I hit the man one time just to get him to let go of my neck. We go to trial after two years (during that entire two year period I continually told my attorney that I wanted all the witnesses put on the stand even if it meant that they had to be subpoenaed. At the trial he only put 1 eye witness on the stand and I was found guilty of assault--I believe my lawyer misrepresented me by not doing what I asked over and over.	Criminal Questions	New York
What are the grounds for drug &amp; alcohol testing an employee under reasonable suspicion? What are the grounds for drug & alcohol testing an employee under the statement of reasonable suspicion?  And what is the employers responsibility in providing the test results?  I have been falsely accused of smelling like alcohol.  I agreed to a random test.  1 month later I was sent for a random test but the paperwork listed "reasonable suspicion".  The testing center was very rude and treated me like a criminal.  I demanded a copy of the test results.  Which was .000  however I have not received any communication from my employer -  corporate office since the test.  I felt bullied &don;'t understand my rights. Was it legal for my employer to act on a false statement without proof?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a landlord deduct carpet cleaning form my security deposit If the carpet has only sustained normal wear and tear and no stains or damage? None	Leasing Questions	Texas
Can they put an eviction on my credit when I can&#39;t afford my rent but paid for that month? If I lost my job and couldn't afford my rent any more but paid for that month and broke my lease, can they still put an eviction on my credit?	Leasing Questions	California
I rented a house to a woman who is almost two months behind in rent.  I put the utilities in my name for a month or two until she could afford to transfer them into her name.  I gave her a complaint nonpayment of rent yesterday.  What do I do next? Can I turn the utilities off that are in my name?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Michigan
How do we get the money coming to us or do we report it as fraud? My husband received a check and we took it to the bank. The next day they were suppose to send us the other check. The bank sent the first check back to the owner of the check and said it wasn't any good. We called the company back and asked when the check it going to be here they hung up on up on us. How do we get the money coming to us or do we report them as fraud?	Commercial Questions,Consumer Questions	Washington
Can landlords fine tenants for clean-ups &amp; destruction of house? Can landlords fine tenants for clean-ups and destruction of house?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can I reconstruct agreement to hold old and new buyer liable for balance? Was selling a salon and the original buyer can no longer afford the payments and wants to bring another buyer in. Can I reconstruct another agreement holding them both liable for the remaining balance owed? The original buyer has signed the new lease, changed the name, but can no longer pay me.	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions	Illinois
I have a tenant that has given his 30 notice and moved most of his belongings out of the residence but still has belongings in the residence two weeks into the new month. The tenant has not returned keys and will no longer respond to calls. Do I have to file an eviction to move his stuff out?	Leasing Questions	Texas
I set up a payment arrangement to pay rent plus late fees. I have unpaid fees for trash/water and no additional funds. If they file, an eviction what can I do?  How many days before I have to vacate property or will I be given a date to pay funds plus court costs and fees?	Leasing Questions	Texas
I own a property that I am renting to a tenant. They haven&#39;t paid rent for 4 months. I can&#39;t pay the mortage or taxes without the money from the renter. What do I do? Who do I talk to?	Leasing Questions	New Jersey
Can landlord present Tenant At Will lease that forbids vacating for 6 months? In Massachusetts, is it legal for a landlord to present a Tenant At Will Agreement that also states "Tenant agrees not to vacate between Oct 1 and April 30".  That's six months!!  That's not exactly a Tenant At Will lease.	Consumer Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
What to do if I pay to pay loan after signing without reading it and somebody else got paid? I signed a loan agreement without reading it and somebody else got paid. Now I have to pay that loan. What can I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How long do I have before the landlord can evict me? I have fallen behind on my rent of a leased property for a retail business. How long do I have before he can evict me? Do I have time to liquidate and empty the premises?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
A municipality (Cumberland County) has breached a contract with me. According to Kentucky law, I can&#39;t use breach of contract in a civil tort case.  What kind of case do I file under: regular Civil Actionor  something other than breach of contract? Violation of statutes (criminal)?	Contract Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Kentucky
Notice Of Intent To Take Default Judgment Reminder How long, after failure to respond to a complaint, must a notice of intent to take a default judgment, be issued? Or is there no such time limit?	Litigation Law Questions	Pennsylvania
Question on separating from my husband and moving to Minnesota with my kids? I am married & have 2 kids and live in Wisconsin but want to separate and move back to Minnesota. What do I need to do or can I just leave with my kids?	Family Questions	Minnesota
Difficult situation moving from Srilanka to the US coming from my wife&#39;s family? I came to the US last year with my baby and my wife. Her parents told us to come here. After we came I had to spend 4 month without job. We lived in her parents home. My wife got pregnant again. After that her parents told us do abortion if not move out from there home, also they asked for $320 from my pay check at the time. I worked at gas station 22 hours per week. I understand the situation and I told them give us one month to find money to get air tickets for Srilanka. They got mad  and put me out from home. I slept in my car for 3 months, and I didn't eat. I saved money to go home and when I was ready to go back to Srilanka with my baby and wife, they changed her mind. She is bipolar and she is going to divorce me and complain that I abused her. I didn't. please help.	Family Questions	California
Can my daughter apply for an annulment if she has been separated for infidelity? My daughter recently got married in Aug of 2011 and her and her husband have been separated for 5 months due to infidelity.  Can she apply for an annulment in the state of Pa?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if they send you a notice that you have to be out in 7 days but paid for that month? If you are told you need to get out of an apt at the end of Aug, then they send you a notice that you have to be out in 7 days? Rent is all paid until the end of Aug. Can they do that? They said his music was to loud. Can anything be done? Thank you  frazzledmom @hotmail.com	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
If I&#39;m a renter can I sue the home owner for the total loss of my truck? If I'm a renter can I sue the home owner for the total loss of my truck? My truck flooded out water damage to the engine and seats,floor it's total	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
I co-signed for a car for my son &amp; puchased the intial insurance (6-months).  He wrecked the car after the initial insurance period and only then eas I aware he had let the policy lapse/cancel.  Does an insurance agency had a legal responsibility to notify lienholders of a cancellation?	Insurance Questions	Arkansas
I bought an 1996 Chevy Tahoe for 3500 from j@j Auto and the salesmen told me he sent title to Secretary of State. I call them to see where is the title. It said it did not have the title. My insurance won&#39;t pay without a title because. My truck was stolen. What can I do to get my money back?	Administrative Law Questions,Consumer Questions,Insurance Questions	Illinois
How much am I entitled to in daughter&#39;s wrongful death suit? My 20-year old daughter died in car accident. My mother filed wrongful death and was awarded $100,000 which she received and is supposed to litigate to any beneficiaries. Its only me and her and the lawyer. The lawyer got $33000 and she sent me a proposal for her: 95%. Am i entitled to more?	Contract Questions,Executive Compensation Questions,Insurance Questions,Legal Questions	Massachusetts
Dealership failed to complete GAP coverage forms. I purchased a car in Feb 2010. We signed a form acknowledging that we wanted GAP coverage.  The car is totaled, and claim settled by insurance company.  The creditor shows we do not have GAP.  The dealership failed to complete the other forms and did not charge the premium for it.  What can we do?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Insurance Questions	West Virginia
What bonding/insurance needed for telemarketing sole proprietor or LLC? I want to start a telemarketing business in Florida specifically for promotions and fundraising. I am thinking a Sole Proprietor or an LLC. What sort of bonding and or insurance would I need to carry for such a business license?	Contract Questions,Insurance Questions	Florida
Can an insurance co. cancel my insurace policy because I am bi-polar?	Insurance Questions	Arkansas
What insurance needed for company with no facility and no employees? I have a staffing agency, S Corp, that supplies physical therapy services to home health agencies.  We only have a PO BOX, no facility.  We have NO employees, all are contractors. What insurances do I need for my company, not contractors, to follow AZ law (general, professional, workers comp, etc.)?	Insurance Questions,Workers Comp Questions	Arizona
I was rear ended in an accident. The at-fault insurer is totaling the car. The value they have assigned is ($7100). Based on my comparisons of similar cars &amp; close miles they averaged $9200. They are sticking to their CCC report and won&#39;t budge. Is it worth it to try something else? None	Insurance Questions	Maryland
What are tenant rights when given notice to vacate for violation I didn&#39;t cause? I need to know my rights as a tenant because my landlord gave me anotice to vacatefor a lease violation that I didn't cause. Can I continue residency?  I have disabled children.	Leasing Questions	Texas
I will be retiring from teaching in New York State in June. Our teacher contract expired with the school district last year and we do not currently have a new contract. I would like to retire with the health insurance coverage that we have under the present contract. How do I do this?	Insurance Questions	New York
I just ran into a buffalo on tribal land. There were no signs posted. I only have liability insurance. What can I do about this situation? i want to see if tha tribe can be held responsable	Insurance Questions,Personal Injury Questions	New Mexico
Can I sign insurance policy on husband&#39;s behalf? Can I sign an insurance policy on behalf of my husband if he is not home and can't leave work to be there when the insurance agent is home? We live in Connecticut. Thanks so much.	Insurance Questions	Connecticut
Hi, I have a roofing contractor that is starting to &quot;milk&quot; my roof repair/insurance claim by adding extras. How should I handle since the job is 99% complete?	Contract Questions,Insurance Questions	Ohio
Our kayak club wants our resident-owned Florida community corporation to license our kayak trailer in their name.  Different individuals will then pull it with their car and insurance. Is it reasonable to ask them to do this? What if one person gets the license, then they always have to use theirs.	Insurance Questions	Florida
My insurance company found me at fault in an accident.  I am requesting the information they used to make that conclusion.  Are there any laws prohibiting it from disclosing such evidence?	Insurance Questions,Workers Comp Questions	Florida
With my business:

How do I persuade PI attorneys to include in the contract Diminished Value claims (property damage) along with the personal injury claims (from auto accidents) with the at fault party/insurance company?	Contract Questions,Insurance Questions,Legal Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Landlord wants me to break lease because unable to pay full rent. I am renting a live/workspace in Taos, NM. This is my 3rd month of occupancy and I was unable to pay the full amount of rent due. I did pay more than half of it. This is my first mo. of having this problem. My landlord is not understanding of this and wants me to break my lease. What are my rights?	Consulting Law Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions,Retail Law Questions	New Mexico
Am I legally required to pay ING&#39;s bill? I have rolled over approximately $32000 into my IRA account from ING bank's 401(k) to Fidelity. After the rollover has completed, I have invested the money into various funds with Fidelity IRA account.ING bank has sent me notice that they have over payed the amount of money since they did not deduct legal fees incurred in the processing of the release of the funds from the 401(k) account.ING is now asking for me to authorize the return of $3662.66 to cover the legal fees which they claim were over payed.My question is: Am I legally required to pay this bill?	Consumer Questions	California
Dental office paid on two claims but who pays back third claim? My dental office filed 3 claims with the wrong insurance company. They paid on the first two. The insurance company says I am responsible for paying this back.  My insurance company says I am not responsible.  The dental office has acknowledged the mistake but nothing else.  Who is responsible?	Insurance Questions	Georgia
What US states legally marry barren siblings? Are there any states that will marry a brother and sister that are barren and that will be legally recognized throughout the U.S.? This is for insurance purposes.	Family Questions,Insurance Questions,Legal Questions	Kentucky
If you have the money on you at the time you turn yourself in will there be any jail time? If you have a warrant for missing a court date to pay a fine because you didn't know about it and just found out and have the money to pay the fines and want to turn yourself in. If you have the money on you at the time you turn yourself in will there be any jail time?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
What are chances the case will be dropped? My daughter was arrested for slapping her boyfriend and charged with domestic violence.  At the arraignment, she was told the police officer did not wish to continue and now it was up to the Commonwealth to decide if they want to proceed. What are the chances it will be dropped?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
What charges can I press for robbery at gunpoint? My boyfriend and i were robbed at gun point. What can I charge them with? They stole money, phones, wallet, purse, and a cameria. They held a gun to our heads, and was using violent force. Can I get all the money they stole from us,and extra for emotional distress?	Criminal Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Minnesota
Can minor drop out of school if truant case not in same jurisdiction? I'm a minor and I live in Ohio but I have a truancy case in West Virginia the judge there told me that I have to go to school but I live out of his jurisdiction. Can I drop out of school without the judge doing anything? Please help.	Legal Questions	Ohio
What laws govern the operation of such a service for the Internet? I'm building an online service (website) similar tokickstarter.comwhere a group of people fund a single project and once the funds hit a pre-set target, the funds are transferred to the project creator. I'd like some pointers as to what laws govern the operation of such a service. We won't hold any money in our account. We do take a cut of the funds. We intend to use Paypal's payment services to transfer funds.	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	California
Can someone who thinks her son is the father of my baby take me to court for a DNA test if I don&#39;t want to? Can someone who thinks her son is the father of my baby take me to court for a DNA test if I don't want to?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Can parents force minor to wear chastity belt? I am 14 years old. I was home-schooled all my life. I never had any guy friends, or a boyfriend. But my parents are trying to force me to wear a chastity belt. Can they legally do that?	Legal Questions	Virginia
Including history of incarceration in medical license application. I am completing an application for pediatric medicine license in Texas. I'm currently residing in NJ and need help with a certain portion of the application asking questions about my former history which does include time spent in a federal prison camp.	Health Care Questions,Internet Law Questions	New Jersey
What to do if my thumb is numb cause the nurse put the IV in the wrong way? I had surgery on April 11,2012.  My thumb is numb because of the nurse put the IV in the wrong way.  The anesthesiologist had to put in my rt. hand My thumb has been numb every since that day.	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Husband went to emergency room, had to stay longer from blood loss. My husband went to the emergency room for a blood transfusion and they took out 3 polyps. They went back in & there was an artery beneath polyp spurting blood. He had to stay an extra 2 days. They ended up giving him 8 units of blood. Do we have a case?He's supposed to go home next day but lost a lot of blood.	Health Care Questions	Virginia
Can lawsuit settlement be rejected day after signing? Can a lawsuit settlement be rejected the day after it is signed? The reason I ask is because after thinking about it last night, our lawyer lied to us about a few things. I believe that the mediator and one of the opposing attys are friends because afterwards I caught them at their cars hamming.	Contract Questions,Health Care Questions	Tennessee
Do I pay bill for entire treatment if only partial dental work done? While having some dental work done, I lost my job/health insurance. I had signed a form stating that I would be responsible for the bill. I have now discontinued the treatment. Am I still responsible for the entire amount? I just want to pay for what I've so far received.	Consumer Questions,Health Care Questions	Illinois
Can I sue doctor&#39;s office for faxing medical records to work without consent? My doctor's office staff faxed me a doctor's note to my job last week and more info was needed from them. So I asked to pick up my medical records and found out that they faxed them to my office thinking it was HR. I did not give permission. Can I sue?	Health Care Questions,Privacy Questions	Texas
Billed for 72 hour hold in hospital with no lawyer. Can I be billed for hospitalization which I did not request?  I spent 16 days in the hospital on a 72 hour hold and was not released after requesting. I was not allowed an advocate or lawyer.	Health Care Questions	Georgia
Can hospital legally discharge brother-in-law and not tell family his location? My brother in law was discharged from hospital in michigan and sent somewhere and we cannot find out where he is. Is that legal? Not looking for medical info just where he is.	Criminal Questions,Health Care Questions	Colorado
Is it legal to charge patients interest or late fees? Is it legal to charge patients interest or a late fee when they don't pay their balance?	California Questions,Health Care Questions,Insurance Questions	California
A NYC foster care agency released my home address to the foster parent which whom my brother is staying with.  This foster parent showed up at my home harrassing me.  Isn&#39;t my home address confidential? None	Family Questions,Personal Injury Questions,Privacy Questions	New York
Can I access email in phone previously turned off? I own two cell phones, one was being used by my wife.I turned the phone off and now I have the phone. Can I open the email in the cell phone?	Legal Questions,Mobile/Wireless Questions,Privacy Questions,Technology Questions	New York
Can I get civil suit without police report if person broke my jaw? If someone punched me and broke my jaw and no police report was filed, could I do a civil suit to get my medical bills paid for?	Personal Injury Questions	Texas
If I have been in a commitment for 13 years will I need a common law divorce? If I have been in a commitment for 13 years will I need a common law divorce?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can I lien or garnish my ex-husband&#39;s retirement stock option funds for pas due support and or a judgment? Can I lien or garnish my ex-husband's retirement stock option funds for pas due support and or a judgment?	Family Questions	California
Question regarding paying child support when the mother&#39;s son is in another country? Long story short: My wife and I divorced. I was court-ordered to pay child support. She moved to another country and was court-ordered to move back to the states if she refused to move back then I was to get custody of my child. Well I haven't being paying child support and since then she has remarried and has no intentions on moving back. As for me, I am just now getting back on my feet as to where I can start paying child support again and get my son but I think to much time has passed to bring it back to court. What can I do?	Family Questions	New York
Is there anything we can do to the person who hit my grandma? I live in Alabama. Yesterday, my 85-year-old grandmother was pushing her shopping cart walking to her car in the WalMart parking lot and was struck by a car backing out of a space. She initially refused medical help and drove home but almost immediately began vomiting and lost consciousness on the way to the hospital. She is now in the neurological intensive care unit under observation. Her recovery is of utmost importance, but in the meantime, is there anything that can be done to the person who hit her? I just don't understand how this can happen.	Personal Injury Questions	Alabama
What are the proposed changes in Florida laws for automobile accidents? What are the proposed changes in Florida laws for automobile accidents?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Are we responsible for the repair of our neighbor&#39;s power lines and for the removal of the tree? I own a 22 acre property dedicated to the open space program. A live tree on our property blew over last week  in a wind storm, knocking out the power lines on our neighbor's property. Are we responsible for the repair of his power lines and for the removal of the tree?	Personal Injury Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have a case if I stayed at a hotel and got bit by bedbugs? Do I have a case if I stayed at a hotel and got bit by bedbugs? I have red itchy swelling bumps on my arms, back and hand.	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Do I have rights to fight eviction? Can I fight an eviction for a lease violation? I have 6 children and being a single mom can I fight this case?	Administrative Law Questions	Texas
Does the company have the right to change an employee&#39;s anniversary date of hire? If an employee is out of work for a two week or more period does the company have the right to change their anniversary date of hire?	Personal Injury Questions	Massachusetts
Is it too late to file a claim for my accident? On October the 5th I had an accident with another tractor trailer. I was hit from the rear/ side and at that time I was in no pain, but I'm feeling a lot of pain in my back and neck now. Is it to late to file a claim and how do I go about it if not?	Personal Injury Questions	Texas
Contracted by company to live in home then asked to move out. I have been contracted by a company to live in a home, maintain it in excellent condition basically for a reduced fee. Of course, have no dealings with the owner of the property. I am being asked by the company to move out within 3 days. Do I have options?	Administrative Law Questions,Contract Questions,Employment Questions,Law Pivot Charter Member Questions,Real Estate Questions	Texas
Does Rhode Island law require you allow an inspector into your house for the purpose of a tax inspection?	Administrative Law Questions	Rhode Island
How long do you have to wait  to get a divorce on abandonment/desertion in new jersey? How long do you have to wait  to get a divorce on abandonment/desertion in new jersey?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New Jersey
Question about leasing 4 years ago? My brother leased a house 4 years ago. He paid 3000 down and 900 a month for a year and a half then  the landlord went down to 750 per month, because my nephew had a liver transplant. he has never missed or been late and recently he found out that the house is in foreclosure and he has still been paying every month. What rights if any does he have and what should he do?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Is it fraud if collection company uses title State but not associated? A Chicago collection company froze my accounts under the title State of Illinois, which they are not associated with the State.  Went to court, judge released accounts - Used wildcard exception and the judge said it would not apply.  Is that fraud to say State if they are not?	Financial Questions	Illinois
What is the grace period for alimony payments if no date is on divorce decree? What is the grace period for alimony payments if no date is on divorce decree?	Family Questions	Tennessee
What are my rights as a renter with a lease that is up in August? What are my rights as a renter with a lease that is up in August? My landlord has just put my house on the market.	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Is it illegal for my landlord to turn the heat off while she&#39;s evicting us? Is it illegal for my landlord to turn the heat off while she's evicting us?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How can an apartment complex falsely tell a collection agency that we were evicted in order to take possession of property? How can an apartment complex falsely tell a collection agency that we were evicted in order to take possession of property?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Question about taxing? I want to sue CA State Franchise Tax Board. They are attempting to garnish my wages for a tax return they gave to someone else using my SS Number. They will not provide me information on the return but are forcing me to pay for "over payment" even after I verified my identity. They said that "they cannot give me information regarding someone else's return". So if that is the case, I don't owe them money. When they mail my boss it is with an address I have never lived at or have anything in that address. It does have my name and my SS#. If that is all they need to verify my responsibility how do I force them to verify I actually received the money? How do I get this off my tax record so I can just get back to normal?	Consumer Questions,Criminal Questions,Privacy Questions	California
Is it legal for a doctor tell people/family about your past due bills?	Health Care Questions,Privacy Questions	California
My manager called my physicians office impersonating me using my name and social security number. What should I do?	Criminal Questions,Privacy Questions	Alabama
Can I legally be in the room for my son&#39;s counseling? My 6 year old son is seeing a counselor at the local department of social services. Can I legally be in the room for his counseling? They want to see him alone, and I'm not okay with this.	Privacy Questions	New York
If I were to resign because of financial hardships would I qualify for unemployment in MA? I have been at my job for 15 years. I was wondering that if I was to resign because of financial hardships would I qualify for unemployment in MA? I would like to cash out my 401 at that time. my employer said that they could not lay me off because they couldn't replace me with someone making half of my wage. They also said that they would not go to the court hearing to contest my decision.	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Can I sue ex-boyfriend for hacking webpage and pretending to be me? Can I sue my ex boyfriend for hacking my page and putting vulgar comments on my profile and pretending to be me?	Computer Law Questions,Criminal Questions,Family Questions,Internet Questions,Media &amp; Entertainment Questions,Privacy Questions	North Carolina
Do I have a case if a Hanover pretzel cut my mouth because of a piece of glass? I had a Hanover pretzel and there was a piece of glass in it. It cut open my mouth but it wasn't too bad though. Do you think I would have a case? I have filed a complaint with them online and left my phone number and asked to be contacted and I have not heard back from them and it was about four days ago.	Product Liability Questions	Pennsylvania
Found contamination/rot in Ritz Crackers. Started to eat a pack of Ritz Crackers yesterday. After a few, I started gagging and threw up. Found four more in the pack with something cooked in them. Turned the crackers, black in some spots. What should I do?	Consumer Questions,Personal Injury Questions,Product Liability Questions	Indiana
I have POA for 85-year-old not related. He lives in my mother&#39;s CO-OP. I had to transfer monies to his account 48 months ago for him to qualify to continue living in the CO-OP. I cannot jeopardize my mother's place. Is the CO-OP protected from medicaid payback? This 85-year-old lives on $1400 a month SSI with less than $1000 to his name, no assets, nothing. If I have to place him in permanent care I will need to apply for Medicaid for him. Will my mother's CO-OP be subject to forfeiture? I cannot allow that to happen. My mother and him lived together for 25 years until she passed in Oct of 2004. The only way he could stay there is if I put the unit in his name. He is listed as the deed holder with my name on the deed as well. If he passes away the unit comes back to me. What do I do to protect my mom's place?	Family Questions,Privacy Questions	Michigan
What sorts of topics is a nutritional supplement company able and unable to discuss in its advertising materials, newsletters, website, and blog? I'm starting a new nutritional supplement/health food company that's planning on using a lot of social media for customer engagement and I'm unclear how much my marketing strategy will be affected by FDA/FTC laws.	Administrative Law Questions,Advertising Law Questions,Business Internet Questions,Communications Questions,Product Liability Questions	South Carolina
Bank account blocked because unable to make monthly payment. I owed Resurgence Financial, LLC $2,612.27. I settled out to pay them $225.00 monthly. I paid $2,812.50 out of the $3,150.92. I couldn't afford to make the leftover pay of $338.42. I had $800.00 in my bank account. Now I have a block on my account & can't pay rent. Can they do that?	Banking Law Questions,Finance Questions,Financial Questions,Legal Questions,Privacy Questions	Illinois
Can a landlord show up at a tenants place of work letting his employer know that he is behind in rent and saying how much in past rent owing? is this  professional landlord behavior?	Personal Injury Questions,Privacy Questions	Arizona
Fast food restaurant served us raw food. We ordered food from a fast food place. My son hate about half of a severely raw cheeseburger. We contacted the store and they were very rude about it. This is not the first time this particular restaurant served us raw food.What should we do?	Product Liability Questions	West Virginia
I was offered a final amount of money in my trasylol case before the courts .My lawyer said if I did not accept this offer, my case would be dropped, and I would receive nothing. Can the court judge drop my case?	Litigation Law Questions,Product Liability Questions	Georgia
The city of Leadville, CO is denying any responsibility for the sewer problems? What kind of attorney should I contact? I own a home in Leadville, CO. & I encountered problems with our sewer as it connect to the City main line.   The City is denying any responsibility.  What kind of atty should I contact?	Product Liability Questions	Colorado
What should we do if the jewelry we bought were damaged and the company is not cooperating? My husband purchased a wedding trio from a recognized jewelery store 2 years ago. He also bought an extended warranty for the rings and diamonds. A couple of months back we went swimming and the rings fell apart in many pieces. We took them back to see what could be done and they told us that they couldn't replace our rings because what had happen to our rings was considered customer's negligence because that's what happened to gold in chlorine. They offered to take the rings in as a trade in if we purchased something twice the price of what we had paid for. I asked other jewelery store experts and they said the rings were not well done and were too thin. Can someone help us please? or advice us what we can do?	Personal Injury Questions,Product Liability Questions	California
Is a car dealer obligated to ensure cars stay in good condition for a minimum time period? I am leasing a car from this car dealer and the car messed up on im within four months. Even though I signed a as is warranty dont they suppose to make sure the car is in good condition at least for six months?	Consumer Questions,Leasing Questions,Product Liability Questions	Tennessee
Can I sue if department store bankrupts after filing? I was in a slip and fell accidentally at a major department store about 10 years ago. They paid $5000 of the medical bills, but there have been many more. I filed suit through a contingency lawyer two weeks before the trial. Then, they went bankrupt. I was told suing was not possible. Is this true?	Personal Injury Questions,Product Liability Questions	California
What are my legal rights and their legal liability if Verizon and the dealer wrongfully told me about the product&#39;s conditions? I purchased a Motorola raze phone. One hour later, I dropped the phone and the (glass) screen shattered. The call of the screen gorilla glass, which implied to me, very durable. I was also told by the sales person how tough it was. Now the dealer, nor Verizon will stand behind it. What are my legal rights, and their legal liability? Thank you.	Consumer Questions,Product Liability Questions	Nebraska
Disclaimer for company providing nitrous oxide chargers. I'm in Florida and I'm opening a business that will be setting up homemade whip cream displays at some stores in the area. My concern is statue 871.111 & other statues that pertain to nitrous oxide. My company will provide the N2O chargers required to make homemade whip cream. I need a disclaimer.	Administrative Law Questions,Advertising Law Questions,Consumer Questions,Product Liability Questions	Florida
Am I liable if I sell plastic/trash bag holders with bags already inside? If I make and sell an item that holds plastic bags and trash bags, what kind of a liability is it if I sell them with the trash bags or plastic bags already in them?  Would it be better to sell them separate? Should I print and stick a warning label on the container inside that holds the bags?	Consumer Questions,Product Liability Questions	Ohio
Can I sue former employer for hacking personal accounts? I Live in NV. My former employer hacked into my facebook and email accounts (he is a computer programmer). He texted me copies of private emails that I sent to people. I filed charges with the FBI. My question is can I sue him in small claims court?	Computer Law Questions,Electronics/Devices Questions,Employment Questions,Internet Law Questions	Nevada
Can you sue a store for ruining your credit score? can you sue a store for ruining your credit score?	Consumer Questions	Washington
Can I combine my two businesses? I have two businesses -- one is service-based (I give piano and voice lessons) and one is product based (I produce my own CDs of my original music and sale online and off).  As of now, they are separate, but I would like to combine them since I use the same equipment for both.  Is this possible?	Music/Audio Questions	Missouri
Can I demand computer back from court-ordered investigator? I turn my computer over to an computer investigator under court order they were to have it for 7 day now it been over a month, I received a letter say they will keep it longer. Can I demand it back?Since I do not have a lawyer are they taking advantage of me?	Computer Law Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Trade Secret Questions	Florida
With my claim, what does the endorsement constitutes? I filed a freight claim. I just received a claim check. It states the undersigned endorsement constitutes a release of  fullfillment of the cargo claims covered by this draft. Could you please explain. Does this conclude the claim?	Product Liability Questions	Colorado
Can a buyer demand their money back on a privately sold car? I sold a guy a car in the state of Virginia. I told him the car had been sitting for several months. I told him what was wrong with the car as far as I know was the heater core, AC, and altenator and the odometer were not working. He called a few hours after picking up the car and demanded his money back saying the throw out baron was bad. Does he have a right to take me to court for his money back?	Consumer Questions,Product Liability Questions	Virginia
Traded vehicles and transmission goes out soon after. Traded vehicles and two weeks later the transmission went out. Apparently it had been under water. This was not disclosed at the time of the trade and the vehicle did not have a salvage license. Is the mechanic I got the car from responsible for fixing it?	Consumer Questions,Product Liability Questions	Louisiana
I purchased a mobile home 2 yrs ago. Upon my purchasing it, the roof was to be repaired. It is now leaking again &amp; caused damage to carpet, black mold, the insurance co. said poor maintenance, I have 3 payments left. What do I do? The seller says he will repair roof again but not interior damage.	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Product Liability Questions,Real Estate Questions	Ohio
What defense can you run against defamation of character? What defense can you run against defamation of character?	Education Questions,Employment Questions,Personal Injury Questions,Privacy Questions,Product Liability Questions	Illinois
I was permanently injured due to playing a Nintendo wii game with the kids. I had a severe back injury. I
contacted Nintendo and it said tough luck get an attorney. Would this case have merit. I can no longer work and my livelihood has been stripped from me?	Personal Injury Questions,Product Liability Questions	Indiana
Can I haul a car off to the junk yard? If you have a car at your home that you worked on and the person did not come back and get it and it has been setting on your land for a year, can you haul it off to the junk yard?	Product Liability Questions	Mississippi
How to show inventory costs when given merchandise for free? I obtained merchandise from storage units for free. Also through selling a house, someone had left with merchandise was given to me for cleaning it up. How do I show my inventory costs?	Business Internet Questions,Consulting Law Questions,Financial Questions,Government Questions,Internet Questions,Real Estate Questions	Washington
How can I go about finding out if the person who hit me in a car accident has insurance? i was in a car wreck and the person that hit me didn't have proof on insurance at the time. How can I go about finding out if they do have insurance?	Personal Injury Questions	Kentucky
Am I responsible for my adult daughter&#39;s medical bills? i claim my adult daughter who is trying to get disability.  Am I responsible for her medical bills?	Consumer Questions,Finance Questions	Connecticut
How to prevent neighbor from cutting pole on property line? My dog's leash is tied to the telephone pole that marks the property line. My neighbor wants to cut the pole, even though my dog can not reach his property. What can be done?	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
Can I legally record a conversation with my P.O. in Oregon? Can I legally record a conversation with my P.O. in Oregon?	Criminal Questions	Oregon
Purchased car suspected of being in flood. What should I do if I think I was sold a SUV that was in a flood but it did not show on a car fax report? There is rust on the under the carriage and some rust in the cab. I have tried to change the brake pads and i can't change the wheels of the SUV. I think it is rusted on. I live in Arkansas.	Consumer Questions	Arkansas
T-Mobile representative said I could return data plans but no longer works there. I have an on-going problem with t-mobile. The rep that worked with me first said that I could return data plans a month later and now doesn't work there any more. T-mobile wants me to go through the store that i visited first, but the store won't work with me at all. Any advice how I should proceed?	Mobile/Wireless Questions	California
Person defaults on water service in house they are not on mortgage for. If a person sets up water service while living in a house that they are not on the mortgage for. Then defaults on the bill after it gets turned off, then moves away. Can the water company hold the persons on the mortgage liable for the bill or put a lien on the house?	Real Estate Questions,Utilities Questions	Florida
When renting to one person, are you responsible a broken furnace?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What recourse after foreclosure? My father ownes a trailer park in Brandon Florida and may be going into foreclosure.  Bank Of America is the mortgage holder and there have been some issues with them being less than honest with the terms of the mortgage.  What recourse do we have and can you reccommend a honest lawyer who can help guide us-Thanks	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How can mother get late grandfather&#39;s house in her name? My grandmother and grandfather died and my mother has been paying taxes on the house since 1993. She wants to get it in her name.  How can she go about doing this? The house is only in my grandfather's name.	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Maryland
Can a fire marshall order you to clean up a commercial property a month before you are moving out and tell you that you will not get a CO on your new property until you do? It took us months of debris removal upon moving in. We fully intend to leave the property clean, but haven&#39;t began our move.	Administrative Law Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
County forbidding driving through river to access home. A flood has washed out the culvert through a small river that provided access to my home. The county wants me to build the London Bridge to go over the river. They say I cannot drive through the river which is only about six inches when it isn't flooding. I have owned this property for forty years.	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	New Mexico
Is there a statute of limitations for collecting of dept? Hello, I have a question regarding an educational loan. Back in 2002 I enrolled in a school for a microsoft certificate program. A few months later the school got up and moved its campus to another city and would not refund my student loan. I was not able to pay for the loan because of financial hardship. The loan company SLM Financial tried to collect for period of time but finally just charged off my account. My question is: Is there a statute of limitations for collecting of that dept, because just this month I started getting calls and a statement from a collection company(ARM Inc)? The year my educational loan went to collections was 2002. How should I handle this new collection company.  T.H.H.	Consumer Questions	California
Is it legal to get someone else&#39;s W2 forms off line? Is it legal to get someone else's W2 forms off line ?	Privacy Questions,Tax Questions	New York
Can daughter videotape mother&#39;s caretakers without consent? I take care of an elderly woman who resides in an Assisted Living/Independent facility. I have been told that the woman's daughter may have set up a video camera in the room. Can she legally video me without my consent?	Video Questions	Michigan
Why would my brother&#39;s workmens comp settlement not be willed? My brother was in an accident and he signed a paper with his atty for an agreed settlement for almost $800,000.  He died the week before the money was received. My mother who is on mental disability dealt with the atty. The attorney told her since he died there was no money. I believe there was a payout and my mother got taken advantage of. That was her 3rd son who died.  How do you get the money back if it was paid?	Workers Comp Questions	Louisiana
Our church library wants to have free movie nights using movies in the library. Are we violating any copyright laws ? We want to use this as an community outreach ministry. None	Copyright Questions,Video Questions	Alabama
Does the seller and buyer both pay respective closing cost?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	New York
Is there a law that states only an LPN or RN can give out medications and drugs? Is there a law that state's that only an LPN or RN can give out medications and drugs?	Education Questions	Michigan
Is it legal for school to question son without first notifying parent? Is it legal for children services and the school to pull my six year old out and question him without notifying a parent first?	Education Questions	Ohio
How can I get my transcripts from Devry?  Do I need a lawyer to do this or what?  To make a long story short they have a hold on my transcript, claiming I owe $4,000.00 after I called to talk to about withdrawing because of my mother&#39;s death at that time.  They said it would be no problem.	Education Questions	Louisiana
Advice on how to plea to my DWI tomorrow morning in court? I need some advice on how to plea to my DWI tomorrow morning in court.	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Does a legal separation have a limited time? What terms are required to keep it intact?	Family Questions,Legal Questions	New York
Help with 2011 Combined Excise Tax Return for my business. I am a small business owner about to do my taxes.  I need help with my taxes for my business. I can't afford a bookkeeper, I do have Quickbooks on my computer.  My business income is very limited, approximately $500 per year.  Do you have any advice about this and what steps I need to take to complete my taxes?	Commercial Questions,Tax Questions	Washington
I received a notice that the home I&#39;m renting is being foreclosed on for back taxes.  What are my rights as a tennant and how should I handle my rent money?  Should I set up an escrow account and not pay it directly to the landlord?  Can I pay the taxes and own the home if she doesn&#39;t pay them back?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Tax Questions	Michigan
Can I take my son out of school for 6 weeks if I have an emergency trip to Europe and my mother is very sick? My son is in first grade and I have to go on an emergency trip to Europe for six weeks. My mother is very sick and needs to have heart surgery. The doctors don't know if she'll survive the surgery. Can I take my son out of school for 6 weeks?	Education Questions	Florida
Can registered establishment to conduct background check without consent? Is it illegal for a registered establishment to conduct a background check on an active member and present it for puposes of riding them without there written/ signaturized consent?	Consumer Questions,Corporate Questions,Criminal Questions,Education Questions,Employment Questions	Texas
My school has froze my account and will not let me register for classes after an incident with an unsubsidized loan. Can I sue? I am currently attending a college and receive a substantial amount of grants and loans that result in a refund. I was awarded this money and then was asked by my college to pay back money from my unsubsidized loan. Prior to receiving these funds I called twice to verify that I could spend the money since I received more than I expected. My school admitted to making an accounting error; however they said I'm still responsible to pay back the money since I went over cost of attendance. I told them I want a document stating that they wrongly disbursed this money and where the cut off was for my cost of attendance. My school has now froze my account and will not let me register for classes. I am a 4.0 student and feel penalized. Can I sue?	Education Questions	California
Can a public high school deny a student to take class periods off if they have reached all graduation requirements? Can a public high school deny a student to take class periods off if they have reached all graduation requirements? They are only letting "extenuating circumstances" i.e, teenage parents allow to now take classes off. Legally is that discrimination towards other students who just want to take classes off since they finished their requirements? In order to petition this I must write a letter to the school administration, however I don't see a letter being necessary.	Education Questions	Illinois
Does default on mortgage constitute default on lease? My landlord defaulted on his mortgage. Is this a default of our lease agreement?Default in July 2011. Lease is good until May 2011. House up for auction in March 2011. Informed in November 2011. property management company gives owner 60 days then gives me back my deposit.	Financial Questions,Leasing Questions,Legal Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Idaho
Is truancy ticket credible if names of citing and arresting officers differ? I just recently received a truancy ticket from LAPD officers this morning. I realized that I had not signed the given area, instead I signed where it says Name of Arresting Officer, if different from citing officer, I believe this diminishes the credibility of the ticket altogether. Am I correct?	Criminal Questions,Education Questions	California
Is it legal for an employer to send an employee, who has been laid off due to lack of work, in for a drug test? Is it legal for an employer to send an employee, who has been laid off due to lack of work, in for a drug test?	Workers Comp Questions	Michigan
What to do when KY employer refuses to pay overtime? My employer pays me for ONLY 80 hours, regardless of if I work overtime. I was told that I could take a cash option for my overtime, but they won't pay me time and a half. I said I feel like this is illegal. They said they'd swear in court they didn't if I said anything. I live in Kentucky. Help?	Employment Questions,Financial Questions,Tax Questions,Workers Comp Questions	Kentucky
I am wondering if I can sue my work for making me find someone else? I work at Sally's beauty store and I called out sick. The manager told me I had to find someone else on my own to cover my shift. Can I sue?	Workers Comp Questions	Massachusetts
My wife fell at work and got compensated when she was off work. 10 months later she is still having problems with her injury. Do we need a lawyer?	Personal Injury Questions,Workers Comp Questions	New York
Can federally convicted nonviolent felon have crossbow in Texas? Can a federally convicted felon of a non-violent crime own and hunt with a crossbow in the state of Texas?	Administrative Law Questions,Criminal Questions	Texas
How to dispute changes in unemployment contribution rate? My unemployment contribution rate has gone from .2% last year to 5.4% next year. Last year I had only one full-time employee which I had to terminate. I have 5 now and a salary cost that's 5x as high. The increase in contribution will be difficult. What are my chances or strategies for disputing?	Administrative Law Questions,Employment Questions,Government Questions,Workers Comp Questions	Oklahoma
Does vehicle damage at work fall under small claims? There's damage to my vehicle at work and the owner's insurance does not cover employee property. Is this case for small claims?	Insurance Questions,Legal Questions,Search Questions,Workers Comp Questions	Arizona
Am I legally obligated to pay for the damages? I dented a co-worker's car fender and no insurance claim was filed. The owner of car put it in the shop to be fixed the same day before I had a chance to get it fixed without my knowledge of them even putting it in the shop. Am I legally obligated to pay for the damages?	Workers Comp Questions	Texas
If I allowed a 20 year old man with a learner&#39;s permit, who stated he had driving experience, to drive my car, is he responsible for the damages to my car after he totaled it? If I allowed a 20 year old man with a learner's permit, who stated he had driving experience, to drive my car, is he responsible for the damages to my car after he totaled it?	Finance Questions	Florida
if you are a truck driver is it legal for an employer to keep your whole paycheck for maintenance bills? if you are a truck driver is it legal for an employer to keep your whole paycheck for maintenance bills?	Finance Questions,Tax Questions	New York
May I purchase stocks or bonds in Illinois on my name if I receive social security disability? May I purchase stocks or bonds in Illinois on my name if I receive social security disability?	Finance Questions,Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Am I allowed benefits if I worked under the table? Am I allowed benefits if I worked under the table?	Personal Injury Questions	California
When do we have to vacate our home? I live in Alabama. Friday, 27 January 2012 we received a notice of default/intent to auction our house on 20 February (3 weeks away).  When do we have to vacate our home?  Before the auction or after and how will we be told to vacate?	Finance Questions,Real Estate Questions	Alabama
Are you required to pay someone back for things they paid for? If someone paid for things for you while you were dating (i.e. payment on school tuition, a payment on your car, and a summer school class with no intention of you paying them back, no written or verbal agreement of paying the money back and you broke up) could they force you to pay them back? The total money in question is around $3,000.	Family Questions,Finance Questions	Arizona
Can father give me house considered asset in corporation? Can my father give me a house that is considered an asset in his corporation? Or would the property have to be given as shares in the company?	Corporate Questions,Family Questions,Finance Questions,Real Estate Questions,Tax Questions	Nebraska
With the Frank-Dodd Reform Act limiting the amount of leverage available to FX traders to 50:1, would it be possible to form an offshore investment company to avoid this? If the company is involved in proprietary trading, would U.S. citizens acting as agents be subject to the leverage limitations? None	Finance Questions,Financial Questions,International Trade Questions,Securities Questions,Venture Capital Questions	Virginia
Do I report the car as stolen? My ex boyfriend purchased a car. I had to co-sign before he could secure a loan.  We have broken up.  He came into a small trust fund and said he was going to pay off the car ($3200).  Instead he feels like he can stop payments on it and leave me with the task of repaying the loan.  He gave the car to his friends and I do not know where the car is.  What can I do to get out of this - He won't drop the car off for me.  Do I report it stolen?  I don't want to be liable for any wrong doing (I am 19 and am trying to start my life of independence). I have tried asking for the car, but all I get is threatening texts back from his friends and girlfriend.	Consumer Questions,Criminal Questions,Finance Questions	Oregon
Siblings have mortgage on home but one wants to refinance. If a brother and sister have a mortgage on a home that has been split in two homes on the inside. One wants out so they can buy their own home, but the other refuses to refinance. Does the one that wants out have any legal rights?	Finance Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Minnesota
What are the advantages of incorporating a business in Nevada? What are the advantages of incorporating a business in Nevada?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New York
Can debt collector summon you if papers given to another? Is it illegal for a debt collector to summon you if they hand the papers to someone else?	Banking Law Questions,Financial Questions	Rhode Island
Why is the board of directors so upset with me for breaching my fiduciary duties? Why is the board of directors so upset with me for breaching my fiduciary duties?  How was I supposed to know it's illegal to have the company pay my mother's mortgage?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Texas
How can we do prosecretorial desecration when lawyer wanted too much in too little time &amp; dropped us? Tomorrow my husband and I are going to immigration court for removal. Our lawyer wanted too much in too little of time so he dropped us. How can we go for prosecretorial desecration?	Immigration Questions	Illinois
Is it to possible to apply a permit of work in US? Is it to possible to apply a permit of work in US?	Immigration Questions	Oregon
Will my non-American wife get custody of my American child if she wants a divorce? My wife wants a divorce but she is not an American citizen. Will she get custody of my American child?	Immigration Questions	Michigan
Questions regarding j1 scholar visa? I am on a j1 scholar visa. It can be extended until September 2013. I am NOT subject to 212(e) two-year foreign residence requirement. I want to work in the U.S.The problem is that for this year H1B application is closed and in fact I can start my work (in case of having an offer and applying for H1B in April 2013) in October 2013.The question is that if I have a job offer now what should I do to be able to work with my current j1 visa?Is it possible to get a permission from the sponsor of the visa and work for a company under that permission?is it possible to apply for academic training program?is it possible to change j1 scholar to j1 student, does this help to solve the problem?	Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
Will it be a problem if I&#39;m no longer a student in the UK but I&#39;m just visiting with a expired visa? I am a US citizen with a student tier 4 visa. I studied abroad in the UK this past year but left at the end of June. I am going back over to visit my boyfriend for a week from August 6th- August 16th, but my student visa expires on August 8th. I'm no longer a student in the UK, I'm just visiting. Will this be a problem?	Immigration Questions	Massachusetts
Go about getting custody of a child from a neglectful parent when social services refuses to step in? How would I go about getting legal custody of a child from a neglectful parent when social services refuses to step in?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can I still obtain a green card through my U.S. children if judge placed an exclusion on my case? If you're here for almost t20 years and you have four children that are US citizens, but judge placed an exclusion on my case, can I still obtain a green card through my children?	Immigration Questions	Georgia
What to do If I missed a court date and the next one I&#39;m told I cannot get a DNA and that I have to wait? If I missed a court date and call them in let them know that I couldn't make it,  then when I came to the next court date they tell me I cannot get a DNA test I have to wait?	Family Questions	Illinois
I need to know if my children&#39;s grandparents have temporary custody of them and they wont give them back? I need to know if my children's grandparents have temporary custody of them and they wont give them back? How long done I have to wait for a review from the judge? I can't afford and attorney.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
If a person is responsible for payroll &amp; they continue to pay a former employee, can they be arrested? If a person is responsible for payroll in their company and they continue to pay an employee that no longer works for the company or overpays themselves, can they be arrested?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
Can person with drug conviction work at nursing home? Can a person work at a nursing home with a drug conviction?	Criminal Questions,Employment Questions	Georgia
If I am paying 100 per month for my arrears (5700) can I still travel out the country? If I am paying 100 per month for my arrears (5700) can I still travel out the country? I have a Jamaican passport.	Immigration Questions	Florida
What to do if locked with a refusal of a phone call and no medical attention? I Was held in local jail for3 hours. I was refused a phone call with no medical attention. No one checked on me cursed at and treated by the police no citation issued and made to post bond.	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Anyone help my brother&#39;s case when the lawyer turned down 38 years and is receiving 92 years? My brother-in-law was offered 38 yrs and his lawyer told him to turn it down. He got 92 years. We are disabled and have no money to help him but if his lawyer had take the deal he would have been out 3 years ago. Will someone anyone help him?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Reprimanded for unintentionally offending fellow employee. The other day I made an observation about the death of a fellow employee. I stated that it was a shame that she had to die in order to make the front page in our local newspaper. Another employee took offense and I am being reprimanded and am in danger of losing my job. Is this fair?	Consulting Law Questions,Employment Questions,Family Questions,Government Questions,Legal Questions	Tennessee
Is it legal that I was in jail 49 days before public defender requested bond reduction? I live in Morgan County, MO. This justice system puts all bonds at a minimum of $10,000 wheter it be a felony or misdemeanor. You are only granted a bond reduction once your lawyer or public defender gets before the judge. I myself have spent 49 days in jail til my PD requested one. Is this legal?	Government Questions	Missouri
What is average total cost of case going up to SCOTUS? What is the average total cost of taking a case through the lower courts and to SCOTUS/ Including all legal fees, court fees, graft etc.?	Government Questions,Legal Questions	Maryland
Can grand jury testimony be used 5 months after person detained? Can a grand jury be held 5 months after a person was detained and use this grand jury testimony against a person?	Administrative Law Questions,Government Questions	Indiana
I work for MRW on Aberdeen Proving Ground. I was fired. I had 15 days to appeal there decision. I did it in 3 days. So I need to no how many days does it have to give me an answer on my appeal is 30 days or unlimited?	Employment Questions,Government Questions	Maryland
What state agencies do not require licensed attorney in any state? What state agencies do not require a licensed attorney in any state?	Government Questions,Legal Questions	Maryland
How much time between detaining and indictment by grand jury? How much time is there between a person being detained and a grand jury being held for the indictment?	Administrative Law Questions,Government Questions,Legal Questions	Indiana
Where is trial if crime committed by person from different county? If a crime is committed in one county and the perpetrator is from another county, is the crime tried in the county it is committed in?	Government Questions,Search Questions	Nebraska
If child involved in divorce, is counseling needed? When my wife files for divorce, will we have to go to counseling since our 3-year-old child is involved?	Consulting Law Questions,Family Questions,Government Questions,Law Pivot Charter Member Questions,LawPivot Questions	Tennessee
Can I face criminal fraud charges if lying to get out of lease? I wanted to move before my lease was up. I lied to my landlord about getting laid off but I didn't so he would let me use my security deposit for rent. He says he can press criminal charges against me for fraud with the email I sent as evidence. I know he can sue me for rent but criminal?	Communications Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	New Hampshire
Have not received response approving telephonic hearing before trial date. I filed a motion to dismiss and to appear telephonically at a hearing. I sent all copies to parties involved, however, none have sent a response to approve the telephic hearing before the trial date. What do I do?	Administrative Law Questions,Government Questions,Legal Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Nebraska
A coworker sends emails to my personal account. She has been directed/requested to remove my personal email from her computer at least a 1/2 dozen times in the last 4 months - by email and verbally. Yet she continues to send emails to my personal account. Is this harassment?	Communications Questions,Computer Law Questions,Criminal Questions,Employment Questions,Privacy Questions	Colorado
How to get car out of impound after renewing expiration tag? If I was pulled over for expired tag, then found out that my DL was suspended and my car was towed away, and then went to DMV and renewed the tag, so how can I take my car out of impound?	Administrative Law Questions,Criminal Questions	California
How to stop coworker who uses emergency contact for personal disputes? A girl at my work used the information from my personnel file to call my emergency contact (my mother) and start drama in my family because she was mad at me. She has done something like this before to one of our clients. Is there anything I can do, legally, to make her stop? What are the laws?	California Questions,Corporate Questions,Government Questions,Privacy Questions	California
Lease purchase? We signed a lease purchase 4 yrs ago. The contract was only for 2 yrs. It has expired and we never signed a new one. The house has major sewer issues that back up into the house and the landlord says it our responsibility the fix it. We hate to walk away and lose all our money. Is there anyway we could get our money back?  We cannot afford to make the repairs. It started 3 mths after we moved in.	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Does picking up papers at sheriff&#39;s constitute being served? A child support agent told me a week ago that I have a court date tomorrow and that I would have papers served to me by then. I haven't been served yet, but was told that I have a notice to go to the sheriff's office to pick up paperwork. Have I been served? Do I need to go to court tomorrow?	Administrative Law Questions,Family Questions,Legal Questions	North Carolina
When I buy a pack of cigarettes, is it legal for a store to charge me taxes even if the taxes are already paid? When I buy a pack of cigarettes, is it legal for a store to charge me taxes, even if the taxes are already paid by the state of Georgia?	Tax Questions	Georgia
Is is possible to purchase the copyrights to an old book that is out of print?  What course of action would be required to start that process? None	Copyright Questions	Pennsylvania
WordPress hosted  blog removed a photo I posted of my daughter stating they had received  a &quot;valid&quot; DMCA notice and the file had been removed from my blog.  This photo is available on 2  other sites.   How can this be copyright infringement? None	Copyright Questions	Arizona
What is the copyright law about reposting articles written by someone else?	Copyright Questions	Texas
How to copyright new internet concept with algorithms? As of today I have a unique concept of using the internet with an industry base that is way behind with internet usage and penetration.What steps should I take to copyright and/or patent it since it will have algorithms?	Copyright Questions,Information Technology Questions,Intellectual Property Questions	New Hampshire
Where can I start if I want to patent a pair of custom sweat pants? I want to patent a pair of custom sweat pants. Where can I start?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
What is the process for obtaining permission for using a likeness of a movie character or movie monster in a product I wish to produce and sell?	Advertising Law Questions,Copyright Questions,Corporate Questions,Entertainment Law Questions,Trademark Questions	Kentucky
What is registration cost for non-profit entity exclusive of attorney fees? What is the cost to register a not for profit entity exclusive of attorney fees?	Tax Questions	Florida
Our school is wanting to hold a movie night at school and watch a movie for halloween on Friday. The school is not charging for the movie but it is charging concessions. Is this copyright infringment?	Copyright Questions	Oklahoma
Can underage parent currently in maternity institute file for emancipation? I'm 16 and my mother died when I was 12. I have an adoptive mother and I have a 2-month old baby. I have been in a maternity institute for 11 months and my mother left me a large amount of money in an account. Can I get emancipated?	Computer Law Questions,Family Questions	Texas
Is it legal to blog about person who has protective order against me? If I have a protective order against me, is it legal to still blog about that person or write letters about them as long as I am not directing communication with them in any form or directing others to do the same?	Computer Law Questions,Criminal Questions,Internet Law Questions	Georgia
What demonstrates constructive possession by law enforcement? When law enforcement states: "Keep that computer; I will come by to pick it up." Has law enforcement demonstrated constructive possession of the computer?	Computer Law Questions	Florida
What to do about a fraud tax accountant who charged me $3,000 to do my taxes and lied about my returns? Hi i need a lawyer for a fraud tax accountant who charged me $3,000 to do my taxes for me and lied to me about my returns?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Can they still pursue a bill after more than 10 years? Just got a letter from a collection agency stating that I owe a $50 bill from a hospital in fl dated from Feb 2002. I sent them copy of my passport to show I was not in this country until Nov 2003. I sent them a payslip from my employer in England for 2002 but still refuse to accept that this is not my bill. I live in NV. Can they still pursue this bill after more than 10 yrs.	Consumer Questions	Nevada
If you take out a loan and it&#39;s not all paid back, is that considered check deposit fraud? If you take out a loan and it's not all paid back, is that considered check deposit fraud?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Cancel a car lease if I feel pressured? I just signed a new car lease and left a deposit. I liked the car but I feel I was pressured and I want to cancel. What can I do?	Consumer Questions	New Jersey
Can I still declare bankruptcy if my bank kept raising the interest rate to where I could no longer pay it? I had a credit card in which BofA kept raising the interest rate to where I could no longer pay it.  Now it has gone to collections can I still declare bankruptcy?	Real Estate Questions	California
I&#39;ve worked at a business for 18 yrs. The owner died &amp; his wife took over as new owner-president. She has only verbally told me she considers me as a partner and will give me a percent of the sale price when the business sells. I found a buyer, &amp; now she is saying no promise made. What should I do?	Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Partnership Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How do I collect money from my business partner for office lease payments?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions,Partnership Questions	Texas
How create LLC in Vermont? How do I create an LLC in Vermont?	Partnership Questions	Rhode Island
Are neighbors responsible for repairs if their tree falls on my power lines? I live in Texas. My neighbor's tree dropped a limb on my power lines, pulling them away from the house. I had to hire a master electrician to make the repairs before my power could be restored.  The neighbors paid for someone to remove the branch from my roof, but that's it. Are they responsible?	Legal Questions,Partnership Questions	Texas
I have a German game company who has violated their EULA and Terms of Service on repeated occasions. I believe it committed fraud by not honoring their side of the contract. Is there a lawyer that will work on a contingency basis with a solid case of evidence against a German game company?	Contract Questions,Internet Law Questions	Florida
Can husband kick me out of house if still married? Hey, my name is Rebecca Barker. I currently live with my husband in Delaware. My husband wants a divorce and is threatening to kick me out. My name is not on the lease due to the fact I am on treatment for anxiety and can't work. Can he still kick me out seeing as we are married?	Family Questions,Leasing Questions,Legal Questions,None Questions,Partnership Questions	Delaware
How do you have to keep cash deposit for personal transaction? How long do you have to keep a cash deposit for a personal transaction? We had a a car for sale at a garage sale and received a $200.00 deposit for the car. The gentleman who gave us the deposit said he would be back on Friday to pay the balance and make arrangements to get the car.	Consumer Questions,Retail Law Questions	Montana
Can a business file a lien against a property owner for work on the property even with no signed contract? Can a business file a lien against a property owner for work completed on the property even if there is no signed contract?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
How can I register a multi-national LLC? How can I register a multi-national LLC?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
Is it true that my tenant has to pay rent if she keeps her belongings on my property and refuses to return the key? Is it true that my tenant has to pay rent if she keeps her belongings on my property and refuses to return the key? My tenant is from Section 8.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Are there US export/German import laws for leaving physical prototype with client? I'm a US citizen (with a US company) and will be visiting a client in Germany.  I need to leave a physical prototype of the device for them to borrow (for ~6 months).  Are there any US export and/or German import laws that I should be aware of?	International Trade Questions,Technology Questions	Florida
What are my rights as a tenant when there is an obvious bat infestation in a house that we are living? What are my rights as a tenant when there is an obvious bat infestation in a house that we are living? I understand it is not a "quick fix" but what if anything is the landlord responsible for as far as providing safe housing?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Wisconsin
how do I go about collecting, or where are the rules associated with collecting? I have a motion to recover expenses that was granted in district court case prior to going to trial. How do I go about collecting, or where are the rules associated with collecting?  Thanks.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
What do I do if the mother of my kids left me and won&#39;t tell me where they went? The mother of my kids left with my kids and didn't tell me anything until the next day and won't tell me where she is staying with my kids.	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
What could I do if the auction people won&#39;t help if the car was a recall and I got in an accident? I had bought a car from a auction place as is and they said the car was in good condition. I bought the car on the fourth of February and on the seventh when I drove it for the second time. My axle broke in half with my kids in the car. The van was leaning sideways cause I almost crashed but I called the auction people. They wouldn't help me as the towed truck person told me the van was a recall 2003 Ford Windstar. What could I do?	Consumer Questions,Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Indiana
If I was given a pass by my probation officer and he said i have 48 hours to report, am I going to jail? i was given a travel pass by my probation officer and he said i have 48 hours to report. Does that mean he's sending me to jail or what's that mean?	Criminal Questions	West Virginia
Are there US export/German import laws for leaving physical prototype with client? I'm a US citizen (with a US company) and will be visiting a client in Germany.  I need to leave a physical prototype of the device for them to borrow (for ~6 months).  Are there any US export and/or German import laws that I should be aware of?	International Business Law Questions,International Trade Questions,Technology Questions	Florida
How to do work for profit while receiving disability checks? Basically, I'm disabled but I enjoy performing administrative duties for family websites. What are some steps that i should know, so that my monthly check is not interrupted, and what would become of me if i decided to do this for profit, yet risking my disability check depending on personal profits made?Thanks for your time!Gavin Sams	Commercial Questions,Employment Questions,Web Application Development Questions,Web Design Development Questions	South Carolina
If we&#39;re making a parody that involves celebrities, How can we avoid infringing on their &quot;identity&quot;? We're making a parody that involves celebrities. If we intend to use their photos from sources like Twitter and Facebook and Google, but will crop/pixelate/slightly change through a cartoon mustache, etc., do those celebrities have the right to sue us? How can we avoid infringing on their "identity"?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Is the camera aperture symbol okay to use in my photography business logo?	Intellectual Property Questions,Trademark Questions	Oklahoma
How can I get a patent for my iOS application in Brazil? How can I get a patent for my iOS application in Brazil?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Entering contest under new business after being assigned contest at previous job. If your previous employer assigns you to a contest and you leave your job, is it legal to later establish a business and enter that same contest? NDA + minimal employment agreement were signed. No employment contract or non-compete were signed. None of the previous contest submission's IP was used.	Corporate Questions,Employment Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Unfair Competition Questions,Web Application Development Questions	Florida
Do public schools have the authority to delete a student&#39;s social network account without the confrontation of that network and/or a legal representative of that network? None	Education Questions,Internet Questions	Ohio
How can I get the divorce dissolved if I have no money? I have no money to get a divorce.  I've filed but my spouse will not settle.  She wants maintenance and I do not have extra money.  How can I get the divorce dissolved?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
Landlord refuses to pay for water/sewage as stated in rent. It clearly states in my lease that water/sewage is included in my rent. My landlord refused this and had the water taken out of his name and shut off. What do I do?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
What happens to the records and archives when an attorney dies? In NY state, what happens to the records and archives when an attorney dies?  I need to obtain a closing statement on a piece of property sold 30 yrs ago.	Real Estate Questions	New York
How do I reverse a condemnation on my home?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What is IL statute of limitations for failure to complete items in property agreement? We purchased an RV lot from a developer. In that agreement, we stipulated that several things needed to be completed by a specific date.  We closed and paid for the lot but none of the items have been done.  What would be the statute of limitations on this in Illinois?	Contract Questions	Illinois
Is it a law that employers dictate what you wear when not on the clock? Is it a law that employers dictate what you wear when not on the clock?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Is it required to file taxes when last surviving parent dies? Are you required to file taxes when your last surviving parent dies? Do you have to if you don't think they owe any taxes?  What happens if you don't?	Family Questions,Tax Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
A general guide line on WHT and VAT if a US company is considering to use for foreign? We are a mobile payment company in the Netherlands. A company in US is considering to use our service for European market.I'd like to understand a general guide line on WHT and VAT. The products to be sold are online contents.	Tax Questions	Washington
Could my son&#39;s biological father challenge paternity if my new husband puts his name on my son&#39;s birth certificate? My son's biological father is not on his birth certificate but does have a paternity test showing he is the father. If I was to marry another man and put his name on the birth certificate, would his father biological be able to take us to court to prove otherwise?	Family Questions	California
Can my wife change the locks on our apartment during our separation or do I have a right to fight this? Can my wife change the locks on our apartment during our separation or do I have a legal right to fight this?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
How to file a civil suit without a lawyer in small claims court? I need to know how to file a civil suit without a lawyer in small claims court?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	North Carolina
Can a third party writ of attachment be applied to a book or journal publisher? Can a third party writ of attachment be applied to a book or journal publisher?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Is there penalty for closing out IRA before retirement? I'm 62 and have a regular IRA worth about 10K. Is there a penality if I withdraw from it now - that is, close it out?	Financial Questions	Florida
Can I be liable for his legal fees from defending myself in court? I have a commercial lease in NY City. I am currently on all rents but my landlord is trying to evict me by raising various clauses in the lease. I have had a yellowstone Injunction in place for 6 months but I will forego continuing the fight and the yellowstone will be lifted this week. I signed a Good Guy Guarantee when assuming the lease and the landlord is trying to sue me personally at this time for legal fees. My question is can I be liable for his legal fees from defending myself in court?	Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Questions,Leasing Questions	New Jersey
Ex-wife damaging my credit by not paying mortgage. My ex-wife and I still own a house together. She lives there and pays the mortgage. Recently, she hadn't paid it for five months. My credit is getting torn apart. What can I do?	Bankruptcy Questions,Finance Questions	Wisconsin
Can bank demand full payment for loan two months after renewing? I was behind 2 house payments in mid Nov. I paid one, plus late fee. I will pay the other one next Friday. Today I received a letter from bank stating that the loan has matured and payment in full is due Dec. 8th. We renewed the loan 2 months ago. Can they do this?	Bankruptcy Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Arkansas
How to keep home when disabled and facing foreclosure? I am disabled and facing foreclosure 2 months past due, I have paid extra but can't escape impending doom. I want to stay in my home. What should I do?	Bankruptcy Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Can mortgage arrearages be recapitalized in Ch. 13 bankruptcy? In a chapter 13 bankruptcy cases can arrearages on mortgages be re-capitalized?	Bankruptcy Questions	Indiana
if I went into foreclosure on my house, can they garnish our social security or my husband&#39;s retirement?	Bankruptcy Questions,Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
Can I negotiate hospital fees due to unemployment and inability to afford lawyer? I received a special civil part summons for money I owe to a hospital: $712.41. I'm unemployed at the moment, and I can't pay the entire balance.  Will they negotiate with me if I call them on Monday? I don't have money for a lawyer.	Bankruptcy Questions	New Jersey
Do you still owe money for debt when filing for bankruptcy? I lent money to an individual and had him sign a contract (IOU) that stated that he still owed the debt in the event of a bankruptcy. He filed for bankruptcy and now claims he does not owe me the money. I think he does. Who is right? California is the governing jurisdiction.	California Questions,Contract Questions	California
Is there any such thing as an emergency 24 hour eviction even though the tenant received no prior written notice?	Appellate Practice Questions	South Carolina
I filed bankruptcy and included my mortgage. I did not reaffirm my mortgage with the mortgage company and have been making voluntary payments for almost three years. If I stop making payment, how long will it take the mortgaga company to foreclose and evict me?	Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Questions,Finance Questions,Real Estate Questions	Virginia
We recently bought a house and a home warranty. We need work done on our roof, and the  warranty company won&#39;t return our phone calls. It turns out they are preparing to file for bankruptcy. What can we do?	Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	American Samoa
Are charges for buying website credits to play games legal? Is it legal to charge participants online to buy website credits, then allow them to use those credits to play games? Then upon the loss, they take the credits and upon a win, awarded them with more credits.Also, after doing this would it be legal to have a prize center for them to use credits?	Business Internet Questions,Consumer Internet Questions,Games Law Questions,Internet Law Questions,Legal Questions	Ohio
Can credit card company take scheduled payment early? Can a credit card company take a payment from your bank earlier than scheduled?  This recently happened and threw off my budget and cost me a $10.00 fee.	Banking Law Questions,Consumer Internet Questions	Florida
When does my responsibility for not receiving delivery begin? UPS claims to have left a package on my porch but I never saw it. UPS claims their responsibility for delivery was to get it to porch. According to the law when does my responsibility for not receiving goods (value $800) begin?	Business Internet Questions,Commercial Questions,Consumer Questions,Consumer Internet Questions	Washington
Should company honor order after mismarking price? I tried to purchase an item throughAmazon.combut the company that carried the product mismarked the item by $90.00 in my favor.  Instead of honoring my order, they canceled it because of their error in pricing!  Shouldn't I get the product at the published price even though it was their error?	Advertising Law Questions,Consumer Questions,Consumer Internet Questions,Retail Law Questions	Michigan
I have a commercial lease for my business. I signed for 3 years and the business tanked after a year &amp; a half. I talked to the landlord and she is willing to let me sublet but the place was vacant for three years before I rented it. Can I claim bankrupcy to get out of it? What are the consequences?	Bankruptcy Questions,Leasing Questions	Nebraska
Is it legal (in the Commonwealth of Virginia) for a landord to advertise an apartment  as being 1100 square feet when 200 square feet of that is outdoor balcony? None	Commercial Questions,Consumer Internet Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Virginia
If a landlord specifies that a minimum income is  necessary, may a tenant use it for termination? If a landlord specifies in writing that a minimum income is  necessary  for residence, and the lease states that changes in income may be grounds for terminating the lease, may a tenant whose income has fallen below that minimum use this as a reason for termination?  The case involves a tenant occupying a unit under the Housing Authority of Jackson County, Oregon. Wishing to move at the end of the third month of his six-month lease, he believes that his apartment is no longer affordable at his current or foreseeable income level, and that given the Authority's rules he should be released from his rental agreement, without the obligation to pay rent for the remainder of his term (or until the unit is re-rented, whichever comes first).	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Can company refuse service if problem occurs under warranty but reported afterward? If a problem occurs under warranty and it has been established that it did occur within the warranty time frame, but I did not contact the company during the warranty period, does the company have the right to refuse service?	Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Questions,Contract Questions	Massachusetts
What contract do I need to work as foreclosure inspector for banks and mortgage companies? What type of a contract do I need one to start working as a foreclosure inspector (field agent) for banks and mortgage companies? Do they require liability insurance?	Administrative Law Questions,Banking Law Questions	Michigan
I lived in Stockton CA 95210 area in a residential area. I want to know if I can use my backyard or home to start a small scale oyster mushroom growing bussiness. I will be using my greenhouse or growroom to cultivate mushroom. Do I need a permit from the city to operate from my home?	Administrative Law Questions,Commercial Questions	California
I live in Texas. According to Texas law, do churches have to give financial reports to members yes or no?	Administrative Law Questions	Texas
Is there form to stop new debt from separated spouse during divorce? Is there a form to stop new debt from a separated spouse during divorce proceedings?  What is it called in the state of Florida?	Administrative Law Questions	Florida
Can you be fired if customer gives counterfeit money? You are a cashier at a company. A customer comes in and buys merchandise. You check the money and it looks legit to you. Can you be terminated from your job cause the money turned out to be counterfeit?	Administrative Law Questions	New York
In MA if the rent is due on the 1st of the month due you have a grace period? In MA if the rent is due on the 1st of the month due you have a grace period?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
How to get copy of trust without lawyer? I am one of three daughters. How do I get a copy of the trust without a lawyer?	California Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
In a custody divorce is mother allowed to take her kids to their home state to live where she can get work? In a custody divorce is the mother allowed to take her children to their home state to live where she can get work?	Family Questions	Illinois
If you sign papers for a new car but do not take it off the lot, can you get out the contract you signed to purchase the car?	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Retail Law Questions	Washington
Can I get my girlfriend pregnant if she is 15 and I&#39;m 17 but will support her and the baby? Can I get my girlfriend pregnant if she is 15 and I'm 17 but will support her and the baby?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
Good morning. I took my car to get it fixed and payed them a lot of money to do so. When I got my car back and begin driving it, the problem I paid for wasn&#39;t fixed so I took the car back and they say I had to pay more after being over charged from the beginning. Can I file a suit?	Antitrust Law Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Florida
UI claim against IL Juvenile Justice Dept arbitrated by IDES. I was an employee for the state of Illinois at the department of Juvenile Justice for almost 3 years. I resigned for physical and mental health issues exacerbated by working conditions. Now I am having my UI claim arbitrated by another Illinois agency, IDES. Is that not a conflict of interest?	Antitrust Law Questions,Contract Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Government Questions	Illinois
Can I sue Bank of America and investment team for loss? I invested in a team from Bank of America. They didn't tell me they will steal source code from the bank, but they did. I want to know whether I can sue the bank and team for my loss back? They caused me loss more than 6m dollar and also my time & energy. They broke my life. Thanks.	Antitrust Law Questions,Commercial Questions,Criminal Questions,Government Questions	New York
I can no longer afford the rent on my apartment.  My lease does not end until August of next year.  The only options I have are to buy out my lease (3 months rent) or sublet.  I have tried to sublet with no success.  If I can&#39;t afford the apartment, the buyout is out of the question.  What can I do?	Administrative Law Questions,Antitrust Law Questions	Illinois
Outpatient clinics questioning AA sessions. i am on probation for DWI and am required to go to a outpatient clinic and AA 3x per week. I have never violated and the courts are satisfied but the clinic is questioning my bouts with AA. I thought I had the right of anonymity. Do I have a lawsuit? I have voicemails with them saying they did.	Antitrust Law Questions	Texas
Ex-wife makes false police reports to keep us from stepdaughter. My husband's ex-wife keeps making false police reports on us because she doesn't want us to be involved in my step daughter's life. What options do we have to take action against ex-wife?	Antitrust Law Questions,Family Questions	Utah
Can the chancery court rule that your business have to close at a certain time while your competition can stay open later?	Antitrust Law Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Mississippi
How long does a person have to file charges after crime of reported theft?	Antitrust Law Questions,Criminal Questions	Texas
What are rules on online gambling sites? What are rules on online gambling sites?	Games Law Questions,Internet Law Questions	New York
False write up I have a friend that got written up 3 times for the same reason at the same time. She knows all 3 reasons were all lies and she feels she was set up by the managers just to to fire her cause they didn't want work there. So after she signed she walk out and quit. She feels hurt cause her managers picked on her and was extremely mean a month before they Made up her writes ups. Can she get unemployment money until she gets a new job? Can a company get into trouble for false write ups?	Commercial Questions,Copyright Questions,Corporate Questions,Employment Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Arkansas
If I fall behind on my rent and my landlord files a judgement against me, it gets resolved, and 6 months down the road I fall behind again, can they use the same judgement that was filed previoulsy, or do they have to go through the filling process again?	Leasing Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Tennessee
My parents put me as a signee on their bank accounts.  My dad is still signing the checks but is mentally unstable as also my mom to understand what he/she is signing.  Does anyone else have the right to take over these accounts,  with a second listing on a Power of attorny?	Banking Law Questions,Legal Questions	Washington
I am the CEO, CFO, SECRETARY and DIRECTOR of my corporation and wish to resign in my capacity as secretary and appoint someone else to handle those responsibilities. What sort of resolution to I have to write up so the new secretary can take over all my duties which include banking matters, etc.?	Administrative Law Questions,Banking Law Questions	California
What to do when ex-wife secretly opens card and pays balance in my name? My then wife opened a credit card in my name [1995] and kept it a secret, paying the minimum amount, until after our divorce [2006].  The total came up to over 16K and I only found out about it when they started calling on the balance. I did ignore all requests and never paid on it personally.	Banking Law Questions,Contract Questions,Legal Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Ohio
What are differences between PTI and plea disposition hearing? What is the difference between PTI and a Plea disposition hearing?	Administrative Law Questions,Banking Law Questions	New Jersey
Any recourse for mortgage reduction for underwater property? Is there any recourse for getting a mortgage reduction for an underwater property in Florida?	Banking Law Questions,Real Estate Questions	New Jersey
Do I get tax deductions for monthly rent by incorporating own business? If Iincorporatemy own business, do I get tax deductions for my monthly rent?	Business Internet Questions,Tax Questions	Illinois
Can lender set up loan so all interest added upfront and no way to pay if off early without interest? Is it legal for a lender to set up your loan so that all the interest is added in up front and there is no way to pay it off early without paying all the interest? Our city set up a loan for a 20 year payment and put all the interest in at the beginning and they say the pay off includes all of that.	Banking Law Questions,Consumer Questions,Finance Questions,Financial Questions	Texas
Does my sister who had POA have right to cash bonds in my name and not use hardly any of hers to pay bills? Does my sister  who had power of attorney for mother have right to cash bonds in my name and not use hardly any of hers to pay bills?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
What does &quot;PTYS AGREED TO PASS&quot; mean? I have been called as witness for case on monday and they had a hearing on Fri and was told to call after 3pm to find out if I needed to show up mon. only wasn't able to reach anyone. pulled up court records and this is what was entered for fri hearing PTYS AGREED TO PASS don't know if I need to show or not and its almost 200 mile trip	Administrative Law Questions,Appellate Practice Questions,Criminal Questions	Texas
What are definitions of promissory note and contract? 1) Are bank notes a type ofpromissory note?2) Are promissory notes a type of contract?(it seems clear from the definitions, but I have friends that insist bank notes are not contracts)	Banking Law Questions	Louisiana
Can I fill Pauper Oath due to inability to pay court fees? I have high court fees and I don't have the money. Told i could fill the Pauper oath?	Administrative Law Questions,Appellate Practice Questions,Legal Questions	Virginia
Can you file petition to free person from prison? Can you file a petition to free a person from prison? If so, how many names should be on the petition?	Appellate Practice Questions	Armed Forces Americas
Can I legally request not to work with someone if hired? Do I LEGALLY have the right to request to not work with someone if they are hired?The person in question stole my identity several years back.	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Franchises &amp; Franchising Questions	Oklahoma
Fired for failing to meet standards while pregnant. I was fired from a job in 2007 because they said I wasn't meeting their standards. They knew I was four months pregnant at the time and had me operating a cherry picker. Were they in the wrong for doing that?	Advertising Law Questions	Kentucky
I need to file a demurrer or a motion to strike for an unlawful detainer.  I am unable to find the legal authorities to back either of these motions.  The address for rental listed in the complaint is incorrect.	California Questions,Leasing Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
What can fiancee do about her provoking neighbor? My fiancee lives in an apartment complex and has a noisy upstairs neighbor. The neighbor stomps around her apartment throughout the day and her young kids that are with her part-time spend most of the day running around, jumping off the furniture and throwing themselves on the floor. My fiancee has complained twice to the management about the noise level and while the neighbor has been warned twice she refuses to change her ways. The management did have the neighbor get rid of her noisy dog that barked all day. Now my fiancee is being followed by her neighbor in the parking lot by repeated greetings and having things said to her to provoke a response. What can my fiancee do?	Leasing Questions	Colorado
my elect and gas was cut by landlord can a landlord turn off utilities that are not in my name because i didnt pay rent? he told my 14 yr old daughter i had till the 15th to leave, and he has had the gas aand elect. shut off, it was a verbal agreement between him and his brother to keep utilities in his name , but his brother which was livving with me got thrown in jail and therefor i didnt have rent money for this month.	Leasing Questions	Kansas
Neighbor constantly tows my mother&#39;s car. My mom lives in Alaska. What type of renter's rights does she have with a harassing neighbor. He has gotten her car towed for being parked in a visitors spot that is closer to her condo. He has had 5 cars parked in different spots and no one has complained on him.	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
I&#39;m a business owner and run a beauty shop. I had hot water when I first rented 5 years ago but there was a car accident and ever since then I&#39;ve had no hot water. The store up front supplies the other 3 buildings our hot water.  What should I do?	Leasing Questions,Legal Questions	California
Can I be refused for apartment lease due to criminal citations? I live in Arizona and recently, within a week got 3 criminal citations but not arrested or convicted. I just got married and I'm moving into my husband's apartment community. They need me to fill out an application and do a background check, will it show up causing them to refuse me?	Leasing Questions	California
Is there a way out of my lease? I sign a lease for an apartment and now I'm having problems with my roommates. I was looking at the contract and they put the wrong end of the lease date, instead of been a year they put it for one month. What can I do? Is there a way out of a lease?	Leasing Questions	Florida
The house I rent sold at a trustee sale I received a written demand of surrender and possession I have one year left on my lease. What are my rights?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Arizona
Can property management company take away move-in incentives? if a property managment company offers move in incentives like free cable and security cameras can they take them away?	Consumer Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	North Dakota
Tenant moves out without paying lease holder. I am the lease holder in an apartment complex. I have 3 occupants. One has moved out without paying rent, and is refusing to do so. What legal actions can I take?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions,Legal Questions	Georgia
What&#39;s the next step if my eviction case is dismissed? I couldn't make rent for the month of January, so the apartment sued me for not making payments. They didn't show for court. The judge dismiss my case. What's the next step?	Leasing Questions	Texas
I have a roommate living with me, she hasn&#39;t been here for a month nor has she paid me for a month (rent and utilities), but all of her stuff is still here. What are my legal rights as a homeowner?	Leasing Questions	Iowa
With my business:

How do I persuade PI attorneys to include in the contract Diminished Value claims (property damage) along with the personal injury claims (from auto accidents) with the at-fault party/insurance company?	Contract Questions,Insurance Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Florida
I want to break my lease due to rodent problems. I have a 15 month lease on an apt. For the last 7 months we have been having what seems like a mouse infestation. They leave feces just about everywhere from in my stove to under my couch, now I have a 19-month old and a 3 and its because of them that I am paranoid that they will end eating the feces thinking it's something else or get bitten we have caught numerous mice, but they keep coming back. The leasing office does try and help by placing traps and even allowing the exterminator to place poison, but nothing seems to work. I try and be as clean as possible. Can I break my lease without problems? I am just so beyond exhausted to waking up to feces all over my kitchen.	Leasing Questions	North Carolina
If an apartment manager get fired after filing an eviction notice is it still valid? If an apartment manager get fired after filing aneviction notice formis it still valid?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Which code requires landlords to change locks? Which revised code requires landlords to change the locks for new tenant?	Leasing Questions	Ohio
Can you get evicted if didn&#39;t complete community hours? My mom lives in housing, can she get evicted if someone that's on the lease didn't do community hours or didn't get them all completed? She pays her rent on time but got a letter 5 days ago stating that she will be evicted by the April 15, 2012.	Leasing Questions	Florida
Do I have to pay for breaking lease after being evicted? I was illegally evicted from an apartment and now they want me to pay for breaking the lease after they evicted me.	Leasing Questions	Florida
If I have a 10 yr lease on a business and we were only 5 days late and already paid $4000 why did he kick us out and it seems like he has somebody else that bought the place under us! Is this right?	Commercial Questions,Leasing Questions	Texas
My tenant is late at least 10 days every month. He then pays in partial $300 then $150. This has happened for 6months. His checks bounced for the last in 6 mo. We ask for cashiers check only. This is PA. The lease says you are in default after 2 days of the date on the lease. What is our next move?	Leasing Questions	Pennsylvania
My apartment manager says there is a leak in my apartment and want me to move to a completely different apartment as soon as possible. I do not have any help, have no time off of work, and simply don&#39;t have the resources to move right now. Can they make me move without compensation?	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions	Washington
I rented apartment in another city, I paid all money up front, and never moved in. The next day, I changed my mind. Can I get my money back? I live in Texas.	Contract Questions,Leasing Questions	Texas
Can I stay or do I get evicted fast? I moved in with a friend who needed help for day to day living instead of rent.  He rents a two bedroom house.  The housing agent (not owner) said that the lease is for 1 person only and told me I had to leave.  She said that I could get a few weeks to leave.  I've lived here for 8 months.  I live in Philadelphia PA.  He is a vet and recently had a lift put in which the landlord said was okay after the lease agent said no.  We believe she is angry over her head treatment.  He is at 100 % disability, he has the rent paid every month through the gov lawyer.  He has been here for 4 years never late never missed and had others living here also.  What are the best options, can I stay, can I get evicted so fast?	Leasing Questions	Pennsylvania
What&#39;s the amount of time an employer needs to give employee to inform employee of reduction in hours? What is the amount of time an employer needs to give an employee to inform employee of reduction in work hours?	Employment Questions	Rhode Island
My boyfriend and I and my two small children are buying a trailer after losing my house in my divorce. The understanding was that the lease would be in my name but he went behind my back and tried to put it in his name and kick myself and my children out on the street. Can I take over the lease?	Family Questions,Leasing Questions,Legal Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Ohio
How do I find out if I owe child support? How do I find out if I owe child support?	Family Questions	Colorado
I moved into this house on 9/17/2011. The landlord went into default 9/23/2011. To move in, we had to pay $2850.00 for the 1st month&#39;s rent &amp; $2850.00 for the security deposit. We just had our house foreclosed right before we rented this house. What are our rights?	California Questions,Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
What do I do if Citi Mortgage said I need to pay taxes after they misled me a few years back? I settled a second Mortgage with CITI MORTGAGE in 2009. I was told I didn't have to pay for the offset of the payoff in my tax return.  years later CITI MORTGAGE sent me a 2099 for $63,000.00 stating I need to pay taxes on the right off they offered me so they could balance their books. What should I do? Do I have a leg to stand on?	Real Estate Questions	Massachusetts
Can agency contracted with GA state department file Labor Board claim? Can a contract agency working for the Department of Family and Children Service in the State of Georgia file a claim with the Labor Board?	Administrative Law Questions,Family Questions,Government Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Georgia
Is it legal to smoke inside vehicle at non-smoking facility? If you are at a facility that has "No Smoking" signs posted and you choose to smoke inside your vehicle with the windows rolled up and the doors closed, would you be breaking the law?	Environmental Law Questions	Tennessee
I have COBRA insurance and was late on my payment.  They canceled my policy after I went in their office to pay. They said my account was still active and today they cashed my payment check. Can they cancel my policy after cashing my check?

Thanks in advance,
Linda	Insurance Questions	Michigan
What action to take when unable to pay off accident damages? I got into an auto accident a year ago. I didn't have insurance at the time. Progressive insurance company sent a complaint to the state of Ohio and they suspended my license until i can make arrangements with progressive to pay this accident damages off. I can't afford it.	Insurance Questions	Ohio
My 13 year old son was playing at a friends house and his phone flew out of his pocket and hit there 52 inch LCD is demanding that I pay for the TV or she will take me to small claims court. Am I responsible?	Insurance Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Missouri
In Texas, is it legal to charge a tenant who has rented and paid on time for one and a half years a $500.00 pet deposit for an older dog or any dog, and the landlords says it is non-refundable?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions,Search Questions	Texas
Is it legal for dealer to sell non-street legal cars? Hello, I am currently deployed and my wife had to buy a used car to replace our old one. Some idiot backed up into it and she found a good car from a dealer but it turned out after she bought it that the headlights don't work. I was told that a dealer can't sell a car that's not street legal?	Legal Questions,Retail Law Questions,Search Questions	Washington
How to use international human rights to overcome international refugee law? How can an international human rights approach help to overcome the limitation of international refugee law?	International Business Law Questions,Legal Questions	Florida
Boss fires me over Facebook post night before work. My boss changed my hours for no reason. I posted today a status on Facebook that said "Gotta start my new schedule tomorrow. Won't get to see kids kids as much since they leave in the morning and asleep when I get home. Sucks." That is all I said. He called me at 9pm to say not to come on tomorrow. I work VERY hard for this man, come in early, don't make mistakes, and have been promised a raise for months with nothing. Now it sounds like he is going to let me go over that. I didn't think that was legal. Can I get in trouble for a post like that? And can he legally call at 9pm to tell me not to work the next day?	California Questions,Employment Questions,Internet Questions,Legal Questions	California
Does computer users club with unpaid volunteers need E&amp;O insurance? We are a club of computer users in Sun City Texa with about 3300 strong.  We're organized under the auspices of the Community Association.  We have a group of unpaid volunteers who help other members with their computer problems.  Do we need E&O; insurance? Can we get it?	Consulting Law Questions,Contract Questions,Insurance Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Texas
Loan committee manipulated in favor of building owners. We applied for small business loan from city to start a coffeehouse. One of the loan comm. was agent for the owners of the bldg. He manipulated the loan committee to caveat that we purchase the bldg the app. plan had us renting. What would you charge him with?	California Questions,Financial Questions,Legal Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
How to respond to civil suit for fraudulently taking money? Our case is fairly simple.  We are an online advertising company that rendered advertising services to an auto dealership in the Denver area.  We had some dispute over how much he would be charged and ended up agreeing on a reduced amount.  He always paid via American Express so we charged him for the amount we agreed to on his AMEX card.  He then initiated a chargeback with AMEX and when we provided our supporting docs to AMEX, they sided with us and upheld the charge.  He then filed a suit against us for fraudulently taking his money.  Now we have to respond and we would like a Colorado based lawyer to help with this.  The amount of the dispute is about $14,000.	Advertising Law Questions,Business Internet Questions,Contract Questions,Internet Questions,Litigation Law Questions	California
Wife&#39;s employer delaying contracted paycheck. My wife's employer is late with her contracted paycheck by 2+ weeks.  She worked for them, at home, as a freelancer and now they are delaying her paycheck. What to do, please?	Contract Questions,Employment Questions,Financial Questions,LawPivot Questions,Legal Questions	Massachusetts
Being sued for verbal deal other party backed out of. I am being sued for a verbal deal the other party backed out of what should i do?	Consumer Questions,Financial Questions	Massachusetts
Is bank account mine if not mentioned in will but I am executor and POA? I am the executor of a will and the power of attorney on the bank account of same person. This person has passed away recently. The bank account is not mentioned in the will. The person always referred to the money in the account as mine. Is it mine? She has no family.	Administrative Law Questions,Banking Law Questions,Family Questions,Financial Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
When a credit card account is closed/canceled with a balance due, can the credit card company continue to assess late fees? None	Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,Financial Questions	Florida
Can I file hardship to lower credit card payment? I lost my job and would like to get my credit card payment lowered. What do I tell the banks? Can you file a hardship with them?	Financial Questions,Legal Questions	Alabama
Can carrier downgrade broker pay for late delivery? Can a carrier downgrade a broker pay for been late to deliver goods due to truck broke down?	Financial Questions,None Questions	Illinois
How to determine fair amount for compensating damage to roommate&#39;s table? I accidentally stained a spot on my roommate's kitchen table.  How can I determine a fair amount to compensate her for it?  What if the cost to repair is greater than the actual value of the table?	Financial Questions	New York
Signing domestic partner declaration form to put boyfriend on dental plan. I was about to sign a Domestic Partner Declaration form so I could put my boyfriend (who I have lived with for 2 years) on my dental plan at work. At the bottom of the form, it says "you may want to seek legal advice before signing this declaration." What could be the downside of signing this form?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Family Questions,Financial Questions	Illinois
I am 69 years old, retired, and getting retirement benefits from goodyear at $37.40 a month for life. Can one get this in one lump sum? It says one can, however, I must agree in writing to a payment of a lump sum of any amount over 1,000 if you have not reached age 65.	Employee Benefits Law Questions	Virginia
Paychecks short of hours and gratuity. For the past year my paychecks have been short.  It takes a month to get my money and by that time, my checks are short more hours and gratuity.  What can I do?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Florida
Can waiting period for employee vacation time be waived? I  know you need to give the same vacation time to each employee to keep a "level playing field," but can you waive the waiting period for an employee as a special exception?	Employee Benefits Law Questions	North Carolina
Is employer legally required to keep employee time card for any time period? Does an employer legally have to hold on to an employee's time card for any length of time?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Minnesota
Employer taking 3% from pay for 401K without consent. My work is changing companies for a 401K & stated that we have no choice in which they are going to take 3% from my 1st check.  How can they tell me I don't have a choice.  If I currently am not contributing they will still take this & put it in a 401K.  Is this legal?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Wisconsin
Need attorney for claim against OPM ruling on Catch 62 reduction on civil service retirement pay. I am looking for a referral attorney to fight a claim against opm ruling on the 'catch 62' reduction on civil service retirement pay for non pay back of military service time. Is there someone in the DC area with this type of experience?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	North Carolina
Supervisor refuses to give vacation paycheck after quitting. I quit my general manager job at a restaurant. My supervisor told me they would not pay me my vacation pay. I went to the owner of the store and they sent my vacation check to the restraunt and the supervisor will not allow the manager to give me my check. What should I do?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Iowa
What can I do legally when my employer does not provide insurance when I have a contract that says I get it after 90 days? It has been over two weeks after my 90 days and still no insurance.	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Michigan
If I quit my job and have vacation time, do I get paid for the unused vacation time?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Texas
Can a business offer health benefits to an independent contract worker in the state of Texas?

What are the laws regarding independent contractors and companies that use independent contractors in the state of Texas?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions	Texas
Can I repossess my ex-husband&#39;s truck if it&#39;s under my name? My husband and I are soon filing for a divorce. The truck he is using is in my name. Title and loan. Can I repossess it without legal trouble?	Consumer Questions,Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Question regarding my girlfriend in the process of getting divorced? My girlfriend is in the process of getting divorced. She thinks that the courts will look upon me living there as a sign of financial support for her and it will adversely affect the amount of support she could receive from her soon to be ex. Is this true?	Personal Injury Questions	Wisconsin
Can an employer run FMLA and worker&#39;s comp even though you are out on a work related injury? Can an employer in Illinois run FMLA and worker's compensation together even though you are out on a work related injury?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Is it legal for GA POA board to have no recorded minutes of votes taken? I live in Georgia, development is a POA. Recently raised fees by close to 70%, in looking at the minutes of the POA board, there is no record of any vote taken to raise the fees.  Is this legal to have no recorded minutes of votes taken?	Legal Questions,Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Do I have a case against bedbugs from a motel room? Do I have a case against bedbugs from a motel room?	Personal Injury Questions	Mississippi
How to regain car title after sister&#39;s boyfriend takes it and leaves it to son upon death? I bought a car and the mother signed the title and gave it to her son to give to me. My sister's man takes the title and puts it in his name and dies leaving the title to his son. He plates the car and comes and takes it, after i put $18000 in the car from my auto shop. Best way to get it back?	Family Questions,Legal Questions	Iowa
Can I recoup medical bills if my dog was hit by a car after mail carrier left gate open? My dog was hit by a car after mail carrier left gate open.  Can I recoup medical bills?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Is sole custody needed when child support already filed? When I left my boyfriend in November of 2010, I was pregnant with his baby and he said that he was coming to get the baby as soon as he gets a car. I have filed for child support for the baby who is now 5 months old, but should I file for soul custody too?	Family Questions,Legal Questions	Florida
Am I exempt from worker&#39;s comp as sole proprietorship? I am starting a Handy man business. As a Sole proprietorship, can I be worker's Comp exempt?	Construction Law Questions	Florida
Tenant rents to second person who fails to pay rent. I have assigned the remainder of my commercial lease to another person who failed to pay any of the rents due - now I am being sued by the landlord.  I know that I am liable for the rent due.  What causes of action can I bring against the second tenant after I settle my case with the landlord?	California Questions,Commercial Questions,Contract Questions,Corporate Questions,Leasing Questions	California
How can I change to correct name of my daughter&#39;s birth certificate? The fathers name on my married adult daughter's birth certificate is incorrect. How can I change to correct name, which she has used as her maiden name since birth? Will this affect passport?	Family Questions	Florida
Can I sue hospital for infection during surgery? Can I sue a hospital if I get an infection in my knee during surgery?	Health Care Questions	Indiana
If my truck window was broken by my neighbor yard man who is responsible? If my truck window was broken by my neighbor yard man who is responsible?	Personal Injury Questions	Mississippi
Elderly father-in-law banned from doctor&#39;s office. During his last visit, my Father-in-Law, who is in his 70s made a comment voicing his opinion that they are willing to help you only when they are making money. The nurse told his doctor and now he has been banned from the office. What can we do?	Health Care Questions	North Carolina
Can facility evict elderly mother if I have power of attorney? I am my mother's POA.  She is 82 years old and suffers from dementia.  The facility where she resided gave her an eviction notice. Legally, should they have given that to her when I am her POA?  They have jeopardized her health and well being!	Health Care Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Ohio
Nurse forced parents to give up Down&#39;s Syndrome child for adoption. A nurse called DHR on us because we didn't have what she considered a "definite plan" after being blindsided with a child born with Down's Syndrome. It ultimately resulted in us being forced to give our daughter up for adoption and ripping our family apart unwillingly. What can I do?	Health Care Questions,Litigation Law Questions	Alabama
Can I get 0% healthcare if I retire before signing new contract? We currently pay 0% for health care. Our contract has expired and it looks like we may sign a new contract where we will have to contribute to our health care costs. If I submit my retirement papers to the school board before this contract is signed, will I still get the 0% health care?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Health Care Questions	New York
Is it legal to make person responsible for next shift if no one comes in? I work for a group home that has installed a new policy that if the person on the next shift does not show up to work then you are responsible to stay for their shift too.  Is this legal?	Employment Questions,Health Care Questions,Legal Questions	Minnesota
Is an emergency room allowed to deny a patient medication (even if it is non-narcotic) for any reason?	Health Care Questions	Michigan
How do I legally go about asking patient to leave my practice without it being considered abandonment? None	Health Care Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal for dentist to pull child&#39;s teeth without informing parent? I let my 17 & 14 year old girls go to the dentist for just a cleaning without me. When they got home,  my 14 year old said they pull one of her teeth. The dentist did not even tell me this was going to take place. Can the dentist do that?	Health Care Questions	Georgia
Where should UK citizen/US permanent resident register UK startup? I am planning on operating my start-up out of UK.  I am a UK citizen and US permanent resident. Should I register the company in UK, offshore, or US?	Administrative Law Questions,Business Internet Questions,Corporate Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Internet Law Questions	Illinois
What is best jurisdiction to incorporate start-up for tax efficiency? What is the best jurisdiction to incorporate a start-up (boot-strapped at the moment), with tax efficiency considerations?  The start-up is a global eCommerce platform with owners based in the UK.	Administrative Law Questions,Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions,eCommerce Law Questions,Internet Law Questions,Tax Questions	Illinois
I plan to file a claim with my court tomorrow here in Ohio, but cannot find the specific law for how long a money transmitter (specifically Paypal) is legally allowed to hold my funds for. Most states are no more than 10 days, but I want to be sure for mine. What is that law?	Banking Law Questions,Consumer Questions,Contract Questions,eCommerce Law Questions	Ohio
Can employer use former employee photo image for company promotions? Can an employer use your photo image to promote their company after you've left the company 7 years earlier?	Advertising Law Questions	Wisconsin
Any co-worker have the right to check on any co-worker&#39;s background? Any co-worker have the right to check on any co-worker's background?	Privacy Questions	Illinois
If you are attempting to pay a title loan and the payment you send is less than the amount due and they refuse the payment, what is the status of the loan? If you are attempting to pay a title loan and the payment you send is less than the amount due and they refuse the payment, what is the status of the loan?	Consumer Questions,Finance Questions,Leasing Questions	Iowa
When filling out a sworn financial statement, do I have to add in the spousal support being disputed? My ex filed to get spousal support terminated and I have filed a response to continue. I have been asked by the judge to fill out a sworn financial statement. When filling out a sworn financial statement, under the monthly income do I have to add in the spousal support being disputed as income?	Family Questions	Colorado
What can sheriff execute on if judgement against wife only? My wife had a Judgment placed against her and her only. Now the sheriff has an order of execution as she did not fill out the Notice of rights and exemptions. Everything we have is part of the marital estate. What can the sheriff execute on?	Financial Questions	North Carolina
If I am on a month-to-month lease and landlord wants eviction, how many days do I have to get my stuff out? If I am on a month-to-month lease and the landlord wants to evict me for any reason with 3 children, how many days do I have to get my belongings out?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Recourse for work benefits? Is there any recourse for me when the hospital I work for changes policy on benefits that I am already eligible for?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Is my situation illegal for negligence? I was in an apprenticeship for the pipefitting trade and loved my job. I was diagnosed with severe anxiety and depression about a year ago. Flare ups in my illness were far and in between. On day I started to feel my symptoms coming back worse then ever. Because of my illness, I was unable to perform the tasks at hand at work. My depression was so severe that I was contemplating suicide. I did not call work for 3 days and missed one day of school all of which I had a legitimate doctor's note. The day I was going to the hospital, my cousin who helped me get the job and is a high member of the union, told other people besides me that I had been fired and kicked out of the program before notifying me. Is any of this illegal?	Employment Questions,Privacy Questions	Illinois
Can a city employee shut your power off because you threw him out of your business? Can a city employee shut your power off because you threw him out of your business? The President of the city council said we couldn't attend the meeting to do anything about it. The president is the owner of our local newspaper.	Employment Questions	Missouri
If I already wrote a check that was cashed, but never signed the contract, can I demand my money back? if I already wrote a check that was cashed, but never signed the contract, can I demand my money back?If they refuse to return the money, what can or should I do ?	Employment Questions	New York
Can I use discontinued fringes to raise weekly comp. benefits? Can I use discontinued fringes to raise my weekly comp benefits in Michigan? I am receiving a little over two-thirds of the min. wage now.	Workers Comp Questions	Michigan
I work part time for Michaels Arts and Crafts as a front end supervisor about 30 hours a week.  I am expecting and was told I would not be able to take time off when the baby is born.  The manager told me she would have to terminate me because I only work part time. None	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Family Questions,Health Care Questions	Louisiana
Is there a way to add my name to the title to keep my mother&#39;s house? My elderly mother wants to leave me her house if anything should happen to her, the house has a mortgage that has a balance of approx. $40,000 and a value of approx. $60,000..is there a way to add my name to the title to keep the house. She is currently in the hospital and this worries her. I have lived with her and cared for her for the last 7 years, helping with all the finances as she only receives SS for her sole income. We just want to add my name to title/mortgage to keep house in family as it has been since 1951..Thanks for any assistance you can provide. Steve/son	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
In the state of PA, when I call off work may my boss ask why? In the state of pa, when I call off work may my boss ask why?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I&#39;m dealing with abuse and sexual harassment from a male manager? I live in NY state & work for a very large company. For the past couple years, I have dealt with abuse & sexual harassment from my male mgr (I am female). It has caused me much emotional distress & I am currently being treated for anxiety & depression. I have been on disability since Jan & am due to return back soon. An investigation was done & my mgr denied everything, therefore HR concluded there was no evidence of a hostile environment. They had planned to put me in a different dept, but I told them I couldn't return to the building because I would see my mgr every day & it would cause me discomfort. I asked to be transferred to their NJ office & they said there were no openings there, but they would look into it.	Employment Questions	New York
What to do if I received a judgement against me for a medical bill I was unable to pay? I received a judgement against me for a medical bill I was unable to pay.  They recently garnished my entire bank account leaving me with $0.  I thought a garnishment had to leave the person with a reasonable amount of money to live on.  The bill is being handled in the state of South Dakota and I am a Florida resident.	Consumer Questions	Florida
If I am a hourly employee in IL. and worked outside of assigned work time am i due overtime? If I am a hourly employee in IL and worked outside of assigned work time am i due overtime?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can a landlord enter into your home before your thirty days notice is up? Can a landlord enter into your home before your thirty days notice is up?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it okay for the repo people to call or ring doorbell after 9pm? Is it okay for the repo people to call or ring doorbell after 9pm?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Why do I have to pay child support if child&#39;s in state custody and I don&#39;t see her? Why do I have to pay child support if child's in state custody and I don't see her?	Family Questions	Missouri
I have a misdemeanor/obstruction of justice that was dismissed in 2007, I would like to get it expunged because I can&#39;t get a job with this on my record. How do I proceed?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
If a man quits his job to go back to school, goes on welfare does his child support end? If a man quits his job to go back to school, goes on welfare does his child support end?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can we get help on E.R. visit late payments? We have a judgment against us. My wife and I got some emergency service at a hospital. The original amount was for 405.00 dollars. We were suppose to have been covered with CICP reduction amount but we failed to respond on time so the full amount is now a total amount of 995.98 dollars. I wish we agreed to pay in payment of 50.00 dollars. But now they want us to sign a non judgment stipulation where they add and additional  250.00 dollars. The total cost is 1245.98 dollars. Can anybody help us? Thank you.	Consumer Questions	Colorado
My spouse is suing me in a vehicle accident and my insurance covers up to 100k. If he is awarded more than 100k what is done about the difference? My spouse is suing from an accident in which I was the driver and he was the passenger. My insurance covers up to 100k. If he is awarded more than 100k what is done about the difference?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
What to do if I received citation for open intoxicants that customers brought in without my knowledge? I am a taxi driver. I received citation for open intoxicants that customers brought in without my knowledge.	Criminal Questions	Michigan
If the judge closes the case due to the mother not taking classes, can my cousin go up for adoption? I have a 3-year-old cousin in custody w/his grandmother. If the judge closes the case due to mother not taking classes can he go up for adoption?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Can federal government enforce state alcohol laws? Section 22.04 has traditionally limited ownership of liquor stores in Texas to a maximum of 5 per owner, however the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission no longer enforces the law and has allowed several business entities to grow to 50-70 locations with plans for more. In Attorney General opinion request RQ-0805-GA, Alan Steen, TABC administrator even admits that the TABC has gone so far as to allow these chains to make "bulk buys" despite the law. The benefit for these chains is that they are given purchasing discounts by monopoly alcohol distributors to the detriment of independent liquor stores. My question is; when a state agency fails to enforce it's own alcohol laws, can the Federal Government step in despite the 21st amendment.	Administrative Law Questions,Commercial Questions,Government Questions,Legal Questions,Retail Law Questions,Unfair Competition Questions	Texas
What are my options if the roof fell upon us? I'm a tenant in Virginia State. The roof fell upon us during repair work while we were still in bed. I'm 6 months pregnant but none of us are hurt except for the initial shock. I would like to know my options?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
In the state of Alabama can an investigator take a person in for questioning without a warrant? In the state of Alabama can an investigator take a person in for questioning without a warrant?	Criminal Questions	Alabama
What to do if I received a call today stating I failed to turn in my keys when I gave a 60-day notice? I received a letter stating my lease was up 6/30. I am purchasing a house so I went to give a 60-day notice as it states in my lease. I received a call today 7/2 stating I failed to turn in my keys. I was confused because I am not moving until 8/1. I went to the office to find my letter had a typo error. I explained the error and the fact that I had already paid July rent in full and on time. My landlord has already rented the apartment out and says I owe some sort of fee for the error. I told her I was closing on my house soon and could probably be out a week or two before the new tenants even move in. She did not want to work with me at all and is stating she is sure that her corporate office is going to want three times the rent amount.	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Can I break a lease and evict a tenant if I am a landlord? Can I break a lease and evict a tenant if I am a landlord?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Are employers required to pay 100% of the accrued time off? Can a Florida employer pay out only 65% of accrued paid time off to permanently laid off full-time employees or are they required to pay 100% of the accrued time off?  A specified amount of paid time off was accrued for each pay period worked.	Employment Questions	Florida
Do I have a case if I was being scheduled more hours and less days of than the other salaried managers since Jan 2012 and then quit? I was being scheduled more hours and less days of than the other salaried managers since Jan 2012, so I quit. Do I have a case?	Employment Questions	New Mexico
How do I prove I live at a place if I&#39;m not on the lease? How do I prove I live at a place if I'm not on the lease?	Real Estate Questions	California
How would I find out if an amended or new Will was made and if there is one? My father just passed away and I obtained a copy of hislast will and testament.  I recall however, that my father mentioned he was going to see his attorney in Memphis , Tenn to have an updated will made.  The document that I have is dated 7/12/2008.  How would I find out if an amended or new Will was made and if there is one?  Would it have needed to be filed with the county?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Question on the correct payment of renting a home? I did a rent to own on a 85,000 home. I paid $10,000 for 3 years and $500 over and have not gotten that back. When signing the papers to own they said I sold for $130,000 not $140,000. I have renters in it now for $697.00 a month. I pay taxes insurance. If anything happens to the home the previous owners collect. I also pay a monthly 6 dollars to tax franchise board which previous owner get to write off. I am $1,400 behind on payments. I am ready to let the house go at the end of 15 years. The previous owners want a $88,000 balloon payment. I believe I was taken advantage of and is it legal that they did not include the $10,000 on the sell paper and they have not given me back the $500? I took a cut in pay to move my sister has brain damage due to carbon monoxide poisoning. Doctors are. better	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding my husband and I signing a lease on a commercial property? My husband and I signed a lease on a commercial property, we have not even moved in yet and the landlord has given us a 3 day vacate notice. We have done nothing wrong! We think he may have gotten an offer higher than ours for the property..what do we do? He said he will not give us back our deposit.	Real Estate Questions	Utah
Should we ask for a new shed or to have it repaired? While a tree removal service was cutting down a tree in a neighbors yard a tree limb fell into our shed causing damage and a hole to one side of our shed. Should we ask the owner to replace it for a new shed or only for repairs on the damaged area? This shed is fairly new.	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Can I move in with my 19-year-old friends without their permission when I turn 16? I live in Minnesota. I turn 16 in 3 weeks. My mom who lives in Pennsylvania has custody of me doesn't provide for me and both my parents are dependents of my grandparents. Can I move in with my 19-year-old friends without their permission when I turn 16?	Family Questions	Minnesota
I pay child support out of IN, but my ex refuses to let me have contact. I was not there for the hearing nor the signing of the birth certificate. Can I take legal action from KS (since I live and work here) to resolve this and get fair terms on the child support, such as contact with the child?	Family Questions	Kansas
What to do to stop harassment for insurance pay from second party claim when employer was to pay them? I was involved in an accident. I hired a lawyer and I won a case. The insurance of the second party claim and won need to be paid. My employer never paid them. Their insurance send the claim to me. My employer agreed to pay 2 years ago. I'm getting letters from insurance pay. What must I do to stop these harassment?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
Anything I can do if I found out my stepson isn&#39;t my husband&#39;s son and he&#39;s 18 and not graduating? My stepson turns 18 in Feb and should be graduating this June 2013 but is 2 years behind in credits so won't. I just found out he isn't my husbands son. Is there anything we can do?	Family Questions	Washington
What can we do if my wife bought a van and then it quit and had transmission fluid everywhere? My wife bought a van from a buy here pay here dealership yesterday. She gave them her car and 1200 dollars and has to pay 150 per month for 18 months. Minutes after leaving the van quit and had transmission fluid everywhere. What can we do?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
How to remove custody of a legal guardian? How to remove custody of a legal guardian?	Family Questions	Virginia
How can my son see his daughter? My son cannot see his daughter.  It was fine when they lived together and she was pregnant and he was taking care of her first child and it was not his.  She told him the new baby was his.  they split up because of lies and she was living off and on with someone else.  She is bi-polar.  she had the baby three weeks ago and now will harasses him by phone all the time.  She doesn't even have either of the girls, she has allowed her mother to take them, not legally, and every time he wants to try to see the girls the grandmother says no.  We want a DNA test first to make sure she is his daughter and then because he wants to be able to see her.  He is working but we can't afford $1500. to open a case to make them have a paternity test.	Family Questions	Texas
Is it legal to take taxes out on your tips? Is it legal to take taxes out on your tips?	Employment Questions	West Virginia
Can an apartment complex bill you retroactively for a utility if it has not put it in an addendum to the lease agreement?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Texas
When I die, do credit card companies take my life insurance proceeds to pay off their debts? When I die, do credit card companies take my life insurance proceeds to pay off their debts or does it go to my two sons who I have named as beneficiaries?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Iowa
What to do if I&#39;m getting the run around with an insurance company? There was a car accident in parking lot. 8 weeks later and still getting the run around with insurance company?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
If I have a 12-year-old &amp; we&#39;re 2 weeks late on rent, can landlord show up with sheriff &amp; throw us out? If I have a 12-year-old in house & we're 2 weeks late on rent, can landlord show up Monday with sheriff and throw us out?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How difficult and expensive is it to transfer a H1B VIsa? We're interviewing someone for a developer position. Given we are a early stage startup we don't want to sponsor someone for H1B Visa. We talked to someone who already has an H1B though and got laid off. Is it a lot easier to apply to get that H1B transferred to us? What's the likelihood that this transfer will be denied?	Employment Questions	California
How to file suit to recover unpaid debt? File suit to recover unpaid debt?	Consumer Questions	California
if I stopped a payment on a check can the DA pursue me for a bogus check? If I stopped a payment on a check can the DA pursue me for a bogus check? I put my car in the shop and mechanic broke parts on my car.	Consumer Questions	Oklahoma
Can daughter&#39;s ex-boyfriend file charges if she cannot find and return his belongings? My daughter's ex-boyfriend wants her to return everything he gave her. She can't find two CDs and those were his that were left in his car. He said he will file charges if she doesn't return everything. Is that legal in Texas?	Criminal Questions	Texas
Can a borrowed vehicle siezed in a theft be sold to satisfy the loss in Louisiana?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
Is there a way to get a divorce in Virginia without waiting 6 months of separation? Is there a way to get a divorce in Virginia without waiting 6 months of separation?	Family Questions	Virginia
If I&#39;m 16, how much would it cost and details of what I would need to do to get emancipated? Hello, I'm sixteen and I just wanted to see how much it would cost and details of what I would need to do to get emancipated. I would also like to know about how long it would take. I have had to choose between my parents many of times and I don't think that i should have to deal with things of that nature this young and I would like to be on my own. I have a job and i will have my license soon. Please get back to me. Thank you.	Family Questions	Virginia
What can my boyfriend do to get the doctor to see him today so he can go home after his appendix burst? My boyfriend had an appendectomy ten days ago. The doctors made him wait to go into surgery and because of that his appendix burst. After he was released from the hospital the doctor prescribed him pain killers but NO antibiotics! Exactly a week later he returned to the hospital with an infection in the area where he was operated. He's been the in hospital for four days now and the doctor hasn't come to follow up with him at all. What can he do to get the doctor to see him today so he can go home?	Personal Injury Questions	California
What action should I take if a tenant has not paid rent in 3 months? I have a tenant that has not paid his rent for 3 months for a townhouse that he is renting from me.  I have had numerous conversations with him where he promises to pay but never does.  What action should I take?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
My husband&#39;s ex-wife is trying to make us pay for the children&#39;s dental bill? My husband pays his child support every week and keeps health insurance on his kids. I don't see anywhere in his new papers saying that he has to pay the dental bill and the co-pays  when they go to the doctor. His ex-wife is trying to make us pay for the children's dental bill, do we have to?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	North Carolina
If my roommate pays my portion of the rent without my knowledge or request, is it my liability to pay him back, and if so, is there a time frame that I must do so? If my roommate pays my portion of the rent without my knowledge or request, is it my liability to pay him back, and if so, is there a time frame that I must do so? This is a residence shared by 3 people; each paying different amounts with separate checks.	Consumer Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Can a landlord refuse a payment or refuse to fill out paper work from the state for help? Can a landlord refuse a payment or refuse to fill out paper work from the state for help?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
What is it called when a lawyer works, contracts to work on a month to month basis? What is it called when a lawyer works, contracts to work on a month to month basis?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Illinois
What is the sentencing for a known felon with a firearm? What is the sentencing for a known felon with a firearm?	Criminal Questions	Florida
What is the time limit a tenant has once the apartment eviction process is initiated? What is the time limit a tenant has once the apartment eviction process is initiated?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How do I collect a court awarded judgement for my security deposit? How do I collect a court awarded judgement for my security deposit?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
My wife was arrested in what the police considered attempted malicious wounding. I was not in danger at any time. My wife actually needed mental health help. She had just been released from a psych hospital a week earlier. I don&#39;t want her to be in jail. Do I have to testify against my own wife?	Criminal Questions,Family Questions	Virginia
Should make attempt to say, &quot;Sorry&quot; after hitting a car? My 16 year old daughter ran a stop sign and hit a van she is sorry should she make an attempt to apologize to the other party?	Personal Injury Questions	North Carolina
Is teacher allowed to discuss student&#39;s personal affairs with class? Is a teacher permitted to talk about another student and and mother and a situation they're going through. What right do to make my son's business their class topic of the day one student called and advised me of the situation. Can the teacher or teachers be punished? Can charges be pressed?	Administrative Law Questions	Ohio
What to do if my ex wants the dog we shared and which he also paid for? I paid my ex boyfriend 1500.00 for a dog. Now that I started seeing someone else he wants the dog back. All her papers are still in his name but I've been taking care of the dog for the past year without him.	Family Questions	New York
If you are a tow truck driver, can your employer make you work nonstop day after day without any time off? If you are a tow truck driver, can your employer make you work nonstop day after day without any time off for sleeping or meals?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Do CA labor laws treat commissions same as bonuses? I used to work for a large company, in sales, with a base + commission salary. I left 2 weeks before the qtr was over, and was told afterwards since I didn't finish the qtr, I wouldn't get my commissions check. Is this true with CA labor laws? Why is my commissions being treated the same as a bonus?	California Questions,Employment Questions,Executive Compensation Questions,Workers Comp Questions	California
Question regarding My mom dying 3 years ago in the hospital and possibly getting retribution? My mom died 3 years ago in the hospital. I believe that they could have done something to prevent this from happening but I'm not sure how to prove this. She caught pneumonia while being treated for a back surgery and died.	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Do I have a case for alienation of affection? My husband kicked me out of the house in May. He let me come back home and he moved out to his ex-wife's house. Is there any way I can get them for alienation of affection?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can the city sell an easement to the neighbor to build a garage when we share it? The neighbor and I share a city easement, that used to be an alley.  We use this easement as our shared driveway.  Can the city sell this easement to the neighbor to build a garage on?  If so, can the neighbor stop us from using the driveway?There is also a concern of our 1 1/2 car garage being on, or very close to, the lot line between us and the easement.  Can the neighbor, if they own the easement, take our garage or request that we tear it down.  I have lived at my home for 5 years.  We live in Polo, IL.  This is located in Ogle, County, IL.Thanks	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What if a single mother leaves state &amp; has joint custody &amp; didn&#39;t tell father she was taking child out? What if a single mother leaves state of Missouri and has joint custody and didn't tell child's father she was taking child out of state? She meets a man within a month, gets married and her ex finds out. What can her punishment be?	Family Questions	Missouri
Do I still have to pay child support for the time I was incarcerated? I don't have current child support. I have an interest and principal balance that equal to $11185.86 I was incarcerated for 4 1/2 years. Do I still have to pay child support for the time I was incarcerated?	Family Questions	California
Any recourse for me when hospital I work for changes policy on benefit that I am already eligible for? Any recourse for me when hospital I work for changes policy on benefit that I am already eligible for?	Employment Questions	Kentucky
Can I reproduce a published book, but not exactly and therefore use it as a text? Can I reproduce a published book, but not exactly and therefore use it as a text?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
How long does it take to get full custody of my kids that were taken way from there mother for neglect? How long does it take to get full custody of my kids that were taken way from there mother for neglect and Her ion by DCF in Massachusetts?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
What is reasonable amount when settling product liability insurance claim? i burned myself cooking popcorn. The butter leaked through the bag and spilled on my wrist leaving a nasty burn and now a scar on my wrist. i have talked to the company and a proceeding with a insurance claim. my burn wasn't horrible but it could have been a lot worse to someone else. What should be a reasonable amount to settle for?	Insurance Questions,Legal Questions,Product Liability Questions	Vermont
How do I resolve my late husband&#39;s loans when the credit union withdrew from my account? He died 16 years ago. My credit union withdrew over $1600 from my account and told me it was 2 loans by my late husband who passed away 16 years ago had with them. Since then, he was still listed on the account. I have no recourse in getting this money back even though I showed them a copy of his death certificate and I was not signed on the 2 loans with him. They never sent any notification about these loans and a car loan was paid off after his death because we had insurance on it, so they knew he had passed away.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Beneficiary tricked into signing funeral paperwork. I was the beneficiary of my mother's life insurance policy and my brother handled the arrangements. He tricked me into signing the paper work for the funeral home.	Insurance Questions,Legal Questions,Search Questions	New Jersey
If I sign my parental rights off, do I have to still pay child support? I have a child that I want nothing to do with. I just don't feel a bond. I would like to sign over my parental rights. If I do so do I have to pay child support?	Family Questions	Georgia
If a child is 20 years old, has had their own child and is receiving her own child support and has not attended any school for 4 months, can child support be terminated for the 20 year old?	Family Questions	Indiana
In Arkansas, is it state law that after your divorce, as long as you keep child support current that the parents alternate every other year with claiming the child on their taxes? In Arkansas, is it state law that after your divorce, as long as u keep child support current that the parents alternate every other year with claiming the child on their taxes? I have joint custody of my daughter but her mother is the primary caregiver, and I pay child support every week, about $5000 a year.	Family Questions	Texas
What is needed for prenuptial agreement? What is needed for a prenuptial agreement?	Family Questions	Indiana
How do I go about filing a civil case? How do I go about filing a civil case?	Real Estate Questions	Louisiana
If I have a past felony dui on my record in AZ and I got a possession charge what will happen? If I have a past felony dui on my record in AZ and I got a possession of marijuana charge what will happen?	Criminal Questions	Arizona
Can a petitioner harass a respondent when the petitioner has an order of protection? Can a petitioner harass a respondent when the petitioner has an order of protection?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Can I legally take my clients if I am parting ways with my business partner? I am 50% owner of a business, and interested in parting ways with my partner.  We are a staffing company, and I drive the sales and operations piece of our business.  All the clients are mine, and the agreements are under my name.  My business partner and I never signed an agreement, and I am ready to be on my own. Can I legally take my clients?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Delaware
Can they send 1099C to my husband or me? I went chapter 7 in 2010.  I'm in New York State.  Chapter 7 included mortgages.  Home foreclosed in 2011.  First mortgage (in both my and husband's name) satisfied by foreclosure.  Second mortgage (in my name only) not satisfied.  Can they send 1099C to my husband or me?  Send mortgage balance - $69,000.  FMV - $140,000	Bankruptcy Questions,Finance Questions,Real Estate Questions	New York
Is there a law that doors leading to the garage must open out instead of in? I live in Clay County, Florida.  Is there a law that doors leading to the garage must open out instead of in? I know this is a law in S. Florida, but I can't seem to find out about Clay County.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can my wife get her tubes tight without me knowing? Can my wife get her tubes tight without me knowing?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Alaska
Can I settle worker&#39;s comp case for old job while getting a new job? I had an accident at work and now on worker's comp. I lost my job and trying to get a lawyer to settle. If I get a new job will I still be able to settle?	Employment Questions	Florida
What do I do to get false judgement removed? I pay lease payment on time. The landlord seems to be setting me up with false statements, nonpayment of late payments and sending me billing of gross amount.s I do not owe and after what I thought was proved in court before Judgement is on my credit report. What do I do to get false judgement removed?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How do I file an extension on a malpractice suit? How do I file an extension on a malpractice suit?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
What to do if I was improperly served a subpoena? I was improperly served a subpoena.	Consumer Questions	California
Does an employee of a private business have right to sick leave accrual and consideration? Does an employee of a private business who is paid more than 30k  per year and has worked for more than 6 years have right to sick leave accrual and consideration in Pennsylvania ?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Legal to drop my pay to $5 plus service charge if I&#39;ve been working as a server at a private club for 6 years? I work as server at a private club for 6 years.  I have been paid 47.5 plus service charge. Now the company decided to drop the pay down to $5 plus service charge.  Is that legal in Florida?	Employment Questions	Florida
Is tenant responsible to pay rent still and is landlord responsible for relocating tenant? A tenant was asked to vacate rental due to mold contamination for 1 week. The repairs took 2 months. Is tenant responsible to pay rent still and is landlord responsible for relocating tenant?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can a child support agreement be challenged if it didn&#39;t go by the guidelines? Can a child support agreement be challenged if it didn't go by the guidelines and the custodian parent was lead to believed it was 14 % but failed to state it was supposed to be 14% of his adjusted gross income?	Family Questions	Mississippi
How do i stop child support payments if my wife secretly emancipated my oldest child? My wife secretly emancipated my oldest child 23 two years ago. I have been paying child support all along not knowing of the emancipation. How do i stop child support payments	Family Questions	New York
Age to stop paying child support if order was filed in NY but child&#39;s mother relocated to GA &amp; got married? What is the legal age to stop paying child support if the order was filed in new York but the child's mother relocated to GA and got married?	Family Questions	New York
Can I sue the police officers for harassment in excessive parking tickets? can I sue the police officers for harassment? They wrote me excessive parking tickets day after day totaling 20,00 + dollars. The same officers stalked my house day after day.	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Are non-working replica guns weapons in Virginia? Does Virginia law consider non-working replica guns a weapon?	Administrative Law Questions,Criminal Questions,Product Liability Questions	Virginia
Can you demand return of vehicle after receiving money? Can a person legally demand for return of vehicle after receiving money on a vehicle even when she intentionally never gave title for a tag? And a remaining balance of $140.00 with a receipt two weeks prior.	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Case if I have worked for an employer for 5 years without a raise? I have worked for a employer for 5 years without a raise. Do I have a case?	Employment Questions	Florida
What to do if my brother&#39;s SUV was stolen by two boys that are in the foster care system and destroyed it? My brother SUV was stolen by two boys that are in the foster care system.  They rolled the car and totaled it.  My brother now has no transportation to get to work.  The ages of the boys are 17 and 12.My brother only had liability on the vehicle.  He is the victim.  He needs someone to be held responsible for his damages so that he can get a car to get back and forth from work.  What does he need to do?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
In the case of an adult child&#39;s death, would the next of kin be the remaining siblings or the parent(s)? In the case of an adult child's death, would the next of kin be the remaining siblings or the parent(s)?	Family Questions	Connecticut
What to do if I have carpal tunnel in both hands and work will not follow doctors restrictions? I Have carpal tunnel in both hands and work will not follow doctors restrictions. What do I do?	Employment Questions	Wisconsin
If I resign from my job because the conditions aren&#39;t the best, can I receive unemployment compensation? If I resign from my job because the conditions are such that I cannot work to my best ability can I receive unemployment compensation?  There have been increasing burdens & expectations placed on my position over the past 8 months that I have for the most part meet but are still being belittled and berated for anything they can find that has slipped through the cracks. have been employed with this company for 11 years and was part of it becoming the larger company it is today, have consistently gone over and above but just cannot cope with the stress it is causing now.  I am 60 1/2 and planned on working until retirement but just can't do it.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding my uncle&#39;s car tires exploding? My uncle just started putting air into his car tire and the tire exploded.  He was airlifted to the hospital for injuries.  The tires are only 2 months old and are a quality Firestone tire.  Are tire explosions common and would he have legal rights?	Family Questions	Minnesota
How long do you pay child support in Louisiana? How long do you pay child support in Louisiana?	Family Questions	Louisiana
I have a PPO on my ex-husband and we are fighting for custody. He never responded to custody and never calls back when my step dad calls to see if he wants to see him. He&#39;s trying to say that he is stalking me because he wants to see his son. What do I do?	Family Questions	Michigan
How much can they take out of my check for child support? How much can they take out of my check for child support?	Family Questions	Minnesota
If I was serve with a summons what legal forms  do i need to reply? If I was serve with a summons what legal forms  do i need to reply? It's a credit card city bank.	Consumer Questions	California
I&#39;m 16, &amp; I&#39;m being bullied at school. Is it possible for me to move in with my 18 year old boyfriend without my parents knowing, so I can attend a different school? If not, what are the consequences?	Family Questions	Missouri
How much notice does a landlord have to give a tenant if he is selling the house? How much notice does a landlord have to give a tenant if he is selling the house and wants you out in six weeks in Massachusetts?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
When working 8 hours of work and get a 1 hour unpaid lunch are you too get a paid break? When working 8 hrs of work and get a 1 hr unpaid lunch are you too get a paid break?	Employment Questions	New York
Without telling me, my mom fixed my car so that it wouldn&#39;t start, keeping me from going to school today, knowing that I have no other way there. is that legal?	Family Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Texas
True if I can&#39;t drive until arm sling comes off due to shoulder surgery? I was told by my doctor that it is a Florida state law that I can't drive until myarm sling comes off due to shoulder surgery. Is this true?	Personal Injury Questions	Florida
How long before papers get served if my wife filed for divorce yesterday? My wife told me she filed for divorce yesterday. How long before papers get served?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
If I am the natural guardian of my child, can I get a mortgage without the authorization of the Judge? If I am the natural guardian of my minor child, can I get a mortgage without the authorization of the Judge?I was the one who put my minor kids on the quick claim deed.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it illegal for a bank teller not to ask for ID when drawing money out of an account? Is it illegal for a bank teller not to ask for ID when drawing money out of an account and assuming it is so one and pulling it out of the wrong account?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
What to do if I&#39;m facing charges for resisting arrest and assault? What to do if I'm facing charges for resisting arrest and assault? The police offer said I was mentally ill. What should I do? I'm out on bail and have a doctor's appointment at the mental health clinic?	Criminal Questions	California
What is liability for business listing real estate property for agents outside US? I am starting a business where I will be listing real estate property for agents outside the US. I will be providing the public with photos, information about the property, property inspection reports provided by local agents and contact info of agent selling and banker. What is my liability?	Commercial Questions,Corporate Questions	Oregon
If I get a divorce from my husband will he get my kids if I found revealing pictures of him? I have a sickness. I have two kids and a husband.  I found pictures of my husband in women's underwear and pantie hoes. I still have the pictures. If I get a divorce from him will he get my kids?	Family Questions	Michigan
Why does bank want partnership agreement form for business checking account? Where can I get a partnership agreement form that would be simple to fill out? Why does the bank want one for our business checking account?	Banking Law Questions	Tennessee
Can you be appointed a public defender and they become your prosecutor? Can you be appointed a public defender and that public defender become your prosecutor?	Criminal Questions	New York
What do I charge to be a POA? What do I charge to be a POA?	Family Questions	New York
Legal if an employer forces the 4-week notice or they would give me a bad reference? I have turned in my written 2 week resignation from my present job. The day I turned it in there was nothing brought to my attention that there policy was that I was required to give 4 weeks because I was a supervisor. I was then told 2 days later that I had to give 4 weeks or I would get a bad reference, then 2 days later I was given back my resignation letter & told they would accept it after I changed the dates to a 4 week notice. Is it legal for an employer to bully someone in this manner?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can a new doctor that hasn&#39;t even examined you just take your meds away that you&#39;ve been taking for years? Can a new doctor that hasn't even examined you just take your meds away that you've been taking for years?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
Can my daughters live with me as the dad is holding her hostage? My kids live with their dad and daughter is 18 and so is 16. Can they live with me as the dad is holding her hostage?	Family Questions	Oregon
What to do if I&#39;m pregnant and my boss is giving me less hours and not pay unemployment? I'm 29 weeks pregnant and since my boss found out about my pregnancy she's been cutting my work days. I'm down to working only one day a week and I also have 3 other kids to support. She doesn't want to fire me because she doesn't want to be sued and doesn't want to pay for unemployment. What can I do so I can keep supporting my kids and pay my bills?	Employment Questions	Georgia
We are a NYC based startup looking to have a startup attorney in NYC who is able to accept deferred compensation.  Any advice on where to begin our search? We are a NYC based startup looking to have a startup attorney in NYC who is able to accept deferred compensation.  Any advice on where to begin our search?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	New Jersey
How can I get emancipated? How can I get emancipated?	Family Questions	Oregon
Do nurse practitioners require overtime? Are nurse practitioners exempt from Section 13(a)(1) of the Fair Labor Standards Act as defined by Regulations, 29 CFR Part 541?Do I have to pay them overtime?	Administrative Law Questions,Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Health Care Questions	Missouri
If the bullying is really out of hand at work, can I sue? For the past seven years on and off I have been pinched-slapped and thumbed in and on the ads by mgrs and coworkers. They want me to quit. I have 3 years to retirement. The bullying is really out of hand can I sue?	Employment Questions	New York
How do you fill out a tp-584 form? How do you fill out a tp-584 form?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If my employer works me full-time or more and barely ever gives me a break, what should I do? If my employer works me full-time or more and barely ever gives me a break, what should I do?	Employment Questions	Texas
Can a bank take money from one account to cover another account that your name was on? Can a bank take money from one account to cover another account that your name was on without any notification?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	West Virginia
In the state of Missouri is it legal to move out at the age of 17? In the state of Missouri is it legal to move out at the age of 17?	Family Questions	Missouri
is it illegal to use another artist&#39;s melody for a remixed song of my own? is it illegal to use another artist's melody for a remixed song of my own? I have written to drakes song "fear" and it turned out really good! I'm wondering if its legal to use the music/beat of that song, and make my own song and post it to you tube. I assume if I say in the description that the beat is not mine, and if the title was Drake: Fear (remix ft MY NAME) it would be okay? I appreciate the help ahead of time!	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	AB
Can I obtain a power of attorney for someone without their permission? Can I obtain apower of attorneyfor someone without their permission?	Family Questions	Virginia
What to do if employee strongly was rude and was caught tampering with items &amp; accused me of stealing? What if a store employee strongly just dislikes me and very rude and was caught tampering with items i had on hold to purchase or planting something in my shopping cart in hopes of having me accused of stealing?	Consumer Questions	Missouri
Question regarding giving notice about breaking my lease on a property due to a change in job location? I gave notice about breaking my lease on a rental property due to a change in job location. I paid the rent while it was unoccupied and until a new tenant took over a new lease. It has been 3 months and I have yet to recurve my security deposit back. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
If I&#39;m writing a short story, am I allowed to ask questions to clarify how to proceed with my plot? Odd question. I'm writing a short story. Am I allowed to ask questions on this site to clarify how to proceed with my plot?	Criminal Questions	Utah
In PA can my wife just kick me out? my wife wants me out of the house.  My name is not on the deed or mortgage but I've been paying most of the mortgage payments and other bills.  In PA can she just kick me out?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Question regarding a qualified law enforcement officer carrying a weapon concealed regardless of state law? 18 U.S.C. Title 18 Chapter 44 Sec. 926b states a qualified law enforcement officer can carry a weapon concealed regardless of state law... with some exception of where it can be carried of courseI am a corrections officer for the Colorado department of correctionsI was stopped while walking my dog by a police officer that saw that my gun was not concealed very well, after I was questioned and informed him that I was covered under the law just as he was.... he said I was wrong and he could arrest me for felony possession of a firearm.... he told me to put my gun in my car or he would detain me... I opted to do so as to not be arrested 2 hours before work..... am I correct or have I overlooked something in the federal law?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Can landlord give tenant information to banks? Is it legal for my landlord to give out tenants' names and addresses to a bank?	Legal Questions,Privacy Questions	Mississippi
If I put all the money down and paid up front for all upgrades why would I own 1/3? If I put all the money down and paid up front for all upgrades why would I own 1/3?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If the fence has been there for 2 years, can the tenant remove it or is now part of the property? I have a tenant in a home I own in Fl. He installed a fence on my property with my permission and now is moving out. The fence has been there for 2 years, can he remove it or is now part of the property?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Rights for a refund if we bought a jacuzzi and it was leaking after 10 days but passed the 30-day return? If we bought a jacuzzi in Louisiana and it was leaking after 10 days and has not been successfully fixed but now over the 30 day return for refund. What are our rights?	Consumer Questions	Louisiana
Would an inheritance affect my benefits with my social security? I am currently on Social Security Disability.  My Father in law passed away recently and left my husband and I a minimal inheritance.  I would like to put it into a savings account.  Would this affect my benefits with my social security? I would very much appreciate some advice on how to deal with this situation. Thank you for your help in this matter.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Situation involving my fiancee&#39;s procedure on dentures and her insurance? My fiancee, Vanessa Brown, started procedures for her dentures (back in Sept. 2011) with Lawson Family Dentistry in Peterstown, WV.  Dr. Sean said that her insurance (Delta Dental) would cover it and started the procedures...pulling teeth, initial mold, etc.  A few weeks later we received a letter from the insurance company stating they will not be covering the dentures.  I didn't care, I said I'd pay it out of pocket just to get Vanessa's teeth right.  Since the inception of this procedure Vanessa has had nothing but problems.  And to this day, after over a dozen and a half visits for refitting and adjusting, she's still hurting, cannot eat right, vomiting, gagging and does not want to go back.  She's even pulled crap out of her mouth.	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Does Florida or Hillsborough County have a theft of services law? Does Florida or Hillsborough County have a theft of services law?  If so does it apply to a dispute over payment methods on air conditioning equipment installed in a residence?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Question regarding renters who have not paid for this month but have moved almost all their stuff out? I have renters who have not paid for this month but have moved almost all their stuff out.  We had agreed that if they cleaned up and mowed they would get their deposit back.  They instead turned off the water and electricity.  After three days with no word, my son in law mowed.  Now, they want the deposit minus some for not mowing.  They have told us we will have to have them evicted.  The lease ran out august 1 but we were giving them time to find a house and get their things out.  Are they classified as renters or squatters at this point?  What can we do?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
How many twelve hour shifts can you work in a week and in a row? How many twelve hour shifts can you work in a week and in a row?	Employment Questions	Florida
Question regarding an email and putting a pet deposit? I didn't have pet deposit but email said I'd charge $25 a month per pet so rent up to $1000 a mo on lease. They're trying to dispute damage deposit claims as they say some of it is due to pets and that is considered a pet deposit however its not in lease.They responded to my cert-letter w/ claims/receipts by email.Replacements/damages/neglect were being returned a $198 deposit and are disputing by email to get $400 or would take it to small claims court. Is their email response legal or do they need to respond in writing to the landlord's address as stated in the law? I have responded to some other emails but not one about small claims court and reimbursing them $400.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can my disability checks be garnished? Can my disability checks be garnished?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
How long does it take eviction papers to go to court? I would like to know when you have been served eviction papers, how long would it take to go to court?	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I have a legal claim if I am terminated? I've been at my job for 4 weeks now as a landscaper. I was supposed to be paid my first paycheck for 2 days of work on July 13th. I did not/still have not received this paycheck. I informed them throughout last week that I needed that paycheck so that I would have means for getting to work as I use public transportation. My employer said it costs money to have individual checks cut and that I would not be paid until Friday, July 27th. I informed them that I did not have the money to get to work anymore until I get at least my first paycheck. They said they understood on July 20th. I've been informed that if I don't come back to work regardless of my paycheck status that I would be terminated. Do I have a legal claim if I am terminated?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
My neighbor had a swale installed on to my land.  In the process the lot &#39;pins&#39; were dug up or covered up.

What is my recourse for putting the swale there and removing the lot pins?

Norm White, Factoryville, PA  email: &#116;&#99;&#x69;&#115;&#112;&#x65;&#101;&#100;&#x79;&#x40;&#x61;&#x6f;&#x6c;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#x6d;	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Forms to I file to sue my ex for adultery mental and physical abuse to where I take meds? Which forms to I file to sue my ex lover and partner for adultery mental and physical abuse to where I take meds?	Family Questions	New Mexico
Can I sue person for not paying share of phone bill? I opened a phone line on my account for a friend and he decided to not pay it although he told me time and time again he would. Now I am stuck with a bill that is over double what it should be. He lives in another state and I'm not sure if there is anything I can do.	Leasing Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Partnership Questions	Wisconsin
What can I do if my partner in a CA Gen. Partnership continues to breach and default, on going for years? My partner in a Calif. Gen. Partnership continues to breach and default, on going for years. What can I do?	Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding a divorce? I am going through a divorce. I have relied in my husband for almost ten years now. I have four kids and need a lawyer fast. I do not have any income but was told he would have to pay for my lawyer. How do I go about doing that?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If my home has a lien on it by a SBA loan from a bank will Homestead act protect the first $100,000 from that lien? I filed personnel chapter 7. If my home has a lien on it by a SBA loan from a bank will Homestead act protect the first $100,000 from that lien? Can that lien be removed?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
if my ex&#39;s girlfriend has physically threatened me in front of our children should visitation stop? if my ex's girlfriend has physically threatened me in front of our children should visitation stop?	Family Questions	Indiana
Legal options if I was fired because I didn&#39;t have a positive attitude and I wasn&#39;t detailed-minded enough? In Hawaii. I was fired today at work. The owner's reason basically was that I didn't have a positive attitude and I wasn't detailed-minded enough.  What are my legal options?	Employment Questions	Hawaii
What are the Alabama laws for unmarried parents when the father&#39;s not on birth certificate? What are the Alabama laws for unmarried parents when the father's not on birth certificate?	Family Questions	Alabama
Possible to file a lawsuit against a car dealership, if they charge to for a product that you have cancelled? I wanted to know, if it's possible to file a lawsuit against a car dealership, if they charge to for a product that you have cancelled?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is my husband responsible for child support for my child? My boyfriend and I want to get married. I have 2 kids one that is his and I was wondering once we do get married would he be held responsible for paying child support for the child that isn't fathered by him?	Family Questions	Washington
Can my landlord lock me out of my storage unit and demand another $500? I have been renting a storage unit for a couple of years now.  I got behind and was locked out, I was able to get the money required and the landlord asked me to vacate.  He gave me three days.  I was unable to remove my property in thee day and he was ok with it taking a couple of weeks due to the amount of stuff.  He has now locked me out and is asking for another $500.00.  Can he do that?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
If your landlord has not returned a security deposit, how much does he owe with interest? If your landlord has not returned a security deposit, how much does he owe with interest?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
in Kentucky, can a 16 year old choose certain custody arrangements? in Kentucky, can a 16 year old choose certain custody arrangements?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Question regarding the county jail losing my jewelry valued at least $2000? While in county jail they lost my jewelry valued at least $2000. Both my husband & I are unemployed. Are there any help for me to file suit against county for return or value of my jewelry which included my wedding rings?	Personal Injury Questions	Oklahoma
Are jake brakes illegal in NY? Are jake brakes illegal in NY?	Real Estate Questions	New York
How do I report my employer not receiving my lunch break? How do I report my employer not receiving my lunch break?	Employment Questions	California
What percent am I responsible for a stain on the carpet? What percent am I responsible for a stain on the carpet?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can company ask independent contractor to sign non-compete? I am working as an independent consultant for a local firm in Oregon and they want me to sign a non-compete agreement. Can they ask me as an independent contractor to sign anon-compete? Is it even enforceable?The company is providing me with some training tools that are essential to my ability to work with the firm. These tools are what they want protected, however they overlap with my MBA schooling in many ways, and would assure I could do no work in these area with other companies (seriously restricting my abiliity to work with other clients which is necessary to maintain my independent contractor status in the State of Oregon). The NC is for 2 years.	Administrative Law Questions,Consulting Law Questions,Contract Questions,Employment Questions	Oregon
Can my Landlord evict me for withholding rent due to needed repairs? Can my Landlord evict me for withholding rent due to needed repairs?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
If I am 34 and want to know if i can fight for child support i never got from my dad? If I am 34 and want to know if i can fight for child support i never got from my dad?	Family Questions	Texas
Can Child Protective Services take my kids away based on a threat by another to take certain action? A detective called me and said if I don't press charges against this kid for sleeping with my daughter, that he will call Child Protective Services and get my kids taken away. I dont want to press charges. Is that possible?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
How can a trustee use the Johnson law to milk an estate? How can a trustee use the Johnson law to milk an estate?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I get rid of physically violent roommate that doesn&#39;t pay on time? How do I get rid of a roommate that is not on the lease, has done damage to the apartment and has had the police involved in domestic violence three times? The roommate has not paid rent on time either.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can one legally be LLC if business bank account closed? We were using a building contractor, whose company is a LLC. The last check he asked from us he wanted made out to him personally. He said he was closing down his business bank account. We haven't seen him since he got the check. Legally, could he still claim to be a LLC if he closed his account?	Construction Law Questions,Corporate Questions	Michigan
Is it illegal for two apt. Complex workers to talk about wanting a tenant evicted in front of another tenant? Is it illegal for two apt. Complex workers to talk about wanting a tenant evicted in front of another tenant?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
Can she attempt to get alimony? I want to file for a divorce after just 1 year. She has never made any attempt at helping with the finances. I pay for everything and she always says she would get a job but never even tries. I am letting her have the house with only 2.5 years to pay on it and the payments are $400 a month.  We have no children involved or any property disputes. Both her and her 29 year old daughter can work to pay the bills. She can't try to get alimony can she? I am in Michigan. There are no health issues, no disabilities preventing employment,  just no ambition.	Family Questions	Michigan
What should I do if I cannot locate an heir to receive their share of an estate? Although my cousin's estate was very small, I opened a probate case in California for the experience. I gave the items specified in his will to his heirs before final probate.  Now I cannot locate one of the heirs to have him sign the document stating that he received the items.  What should I do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
How can I keep the state from taking my parents&#39; home if they go to a nursing home? How can I keep the state from taking my parents' home if they go to a nursing home?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Will being behind in child support and being unemployed put me at risk for jail time? I got served court papers in the state of California stating I had to go back to court for failure to pay child support. I am currently $14,000 behind and unemployed. Will this put me in jail and for how long?	Family Questions	California
How do I get family mediation cancelled when my spouse&#39;s attorney refuses to cancel? How do I get family mediation cancelled when my spouse's attorney refuses to cancel?  I do not have legal representation at this time.	Family Questions	Florida
Is it legal for a school to lock the parking parking lot of the junior class parking lot but not the senior class? Is it legal for a school to lock the parking parking lot of the junior class parking lot but not the senior class?	Education Questions	Oklahoma
Do you get charged with DUI based on assumptions from vehicle accident? In Texas, if you are involved in a vehicle accident and they assume you have been DUI but you were injured and in the hospital, will you get chagred with DUI?	Criminal Questions	Texas
What are the rights granted with an access easement? What are the rights granted with an access easement?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How can i get someone&#39;s name off my mortgage? How can i get someone's name off my mortgage?	Real Estate Questions	Texas
Can you take bankruptcy on a civil judgement? Can you take bankruptcy on a civil judgement?	Personal Injury Questions	Kentucky
What should I do if my doctor lied to me as he used me for making human eggs into embryo and charge my insurance? My IVF doctor lied to me in helping me have my baby via gestational carrier. Due to my inability to carry the baby, he used me by making human eggs into embryo and charge my insurance 60k. He fail to keep his promise. What should I do?	Criminal Questions	New York
What are Florida laws on archery target shooting? What are Florida laws on archery target shooting?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How long should a request for interim support take for a judge to rule on? How long should a request for interim support take for a judge to rule on?	Family Questions	Alaska
Can my landlord make me move my trailer in 10 days time if I have paid rent for this month? Can my landlord make me move my trailer in 10 days time if I have paid rent for this month?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
How long do you have to be in apartment if you pay weekly to be call  a tenant or for a landlord to try to evict you? How long do you have to be in apartment if you pay weekly to be call  a tenant or for a landlord to try to evict you?	Real Estate Questions	Wisconsin
Can a judge&#39;s decision to vacate a sentence be overturned? Can a judge's decision to vacate a sentence be overturned?	Criminal Questions	Pennsylvania
What to do if I was fired from my job because of accusations of sexual harassment but untrue? I was fired from my job, because I was accused of sexual harrasment, and yet when they fired they said it was due to my language. They told me that they had a video of me touching someone, and yet they refused to show me the video.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can neighbor have cameras viewing other houses in one-party state? If a neighbor has recording video and audio covert security cameras in a one-party state such as South Carolina, is it against the law to have these cameras viewing into neighboring windows and backyards?	Mobile Applications Questions,Mobile/Wireless Questions,Privacy Questions,Security Questions,Video Questions	South Carolina
Is Kaiser Permanente violating the anti-trust law for endorsing comfort keepers? Is Kaiser Permanente violating the anti trust law of USA for endorsing comfort keepers as their choice of care-giving agency who will provide the caregivers to their patients who will be discharge?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	California
what do I do if I would like to change the title or deed of my late mother&#39;s in my name when she had no will? my mother passed away in 2002, she left no will.  I am her only child.  She owned some property.  I would like to change the title or deed in my name.  what do I need to do?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
If my house got struck by lightning &amp; ruined my TV, is my landlord responceable to pay for TV? I'm renting an efficiency apt on the bottom floor of a house. The house got struck by lightning and ruined my TV from power surge. Is my landlord responsible to pay for TV?	Consumer Questions	Florida
Is it illegal to bring own empty glass into bar? Is it illegal to bring your own empty glass into a bar in Mayes County, Oklahoma?	Criminal Questions	Oklahoma
Is a credit card application a legal binding contract? Is a credit card application a legal binding contract? You fill out the application and get a credit card.  Is that a legal binding contract?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
Can a judge overturn a living will once a person has died can he change what&#39;s in the will? Can a judge overturn a living will once a person has died can he change what's in the will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Nevada
Right if I&#39;m getting evicted for a music problem when all the other tenants haven&#39;t heard it? I have lived in my apt for 2 weeks and I got a music ticket today. No warning just a ticket. I called my landlord to ask what was the problem because he asked other people in my building if it was to loud they said they never heard it.  He said he's evicting me. How is this right?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Using promised salary on lease application against employer. I was promised a certain salary from my new job. Now, they don't want to pay and I didn't get the promise in writing. When I moved into a new apartment, I wrote down the promised salary amount as my income on the lease application and my employer signed it. Can I use this in court against them?	Employee Benefits Law Questions,Employment Questions,Finance Questions,Financial Questions	Virginia
Can grandmother leave money to granddaughter, but no full access? Can a grandmother leave money to a granddaughter, but not allow the granddaughter full access to the funds?	Family Questions,Financial Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Iowa
What is the legal age that is allowed to shoveling snow in a college ground? What is the legal age that is allowed to shoveling snow in a college ground?	Consumer Questions	New York
Question declaring bankruptcy in 2009? I declared bankruptcy in 2009 that included my home and was discharged within 3 months in Florida. In this I included my home that still had a mortgage now the bank is taking us to court about the foreclosure. Since it was included do we have to go to this?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
How to reduce fine for passing school bus with flashing red lights? Hello,My name is San. This morning, I passed school bus with flashing red lights on the way to school in Perris city (Riverside County). How much do I have to pay for my mistake ? Can you show me any ways to reduce money I have to pay for my mistake ? Send an email to&#x73;&#x70;&#x68;&#97;&#x6d;&#x32;&#x39;&#57;&#64;&#x73;&#x74;&#x75;&#x64;&#101;&#x6e;&#116;&#46;&#109;&#x73;&#x6a;&#x63;&#46;&#x65;&#100;&#x75;Thank you	California Questions,Government Questions	California
in the state of GA, as a personal trainer what is the law for giving nutrition advice? in the state of Georgia as a personal trainer what is the law for giving nutrition advice?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
If my wife files for divorce with an attorney, are they required to send me paperwork? If my wife files for divorce with an attorney, are they required to send me paperwork? How long do I have to wait for it? Do I need an attorney for myself?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
Is overtime considered when calculating child support? Is overtime considered when calculating child support?	Family Questions	New Mexico
Grace period in which one could change their mind after you have made a deposit and signed the lease? Is there a grace period in which one could change their mind in the state of Colorado after you have made a deposit and signed the lease? Had not moved in but did clean this apartment and within 48-72 hours changed mind and elected to not move in. Please advise. Am I entitled to my full deposit back?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Do I bear any responsibility of the bank debt that the 2 owners signed with the bank for the loans? 3 years ago I sold my shares of company to 2 people in the business. One of the people always pays me late and after the contract deadline. If I take my shares back according to the contract because of the late payments, do I bear any responsibility of the bank debt that the two owners signed with the bank for the companies loans.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	North Dakota
How to overturn or expunge failure to yield conviction from DMV record? I was convicted of failing to yield the right away in 2009. How can i get this overturned or off my DMV record?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Can a non-relative seek custody of a child who has been abused? Can a non-relative seek custody of a child who has been abused? Her parents are drug addicts and the child disability check is used for drugs.	Family Questions	Nevada
What to do if the former resident is asking for her mail for the past 4 months &amp; I have no idea where it&#39;s at? The former resident of my apartment is asking for her mails for the past 4 months. I have no idea where these mails are. What should I do?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Minnesota
Is it possible to sue an elderly person in a memory care unit for defamation of character? Is it possible to sue an elderly person in a memory care unit for defamation of character?  Especially someone who is still in my opinion pretty with it mentally?	Personal Injury Questions	Oregon
How can I get a local bar advocate phone number? I need to find out how I can get a local bar advocate phone number? I went to a emergency placement court deal today and they took emergency custody of my infant and they had no legal ground to do so. The judge did not go by the law or rules on none of it. I am not sure what I can do and I need some help and or some advise on what I can do?	Family Questions	Wisconsin
What is difference in South Carolina between 2nd and 3rd degree harassment? 2nd degree is higher bail and heard in big general sessions court. If prior case for 3rd degree harassment was dismissed in magistrate court, this cant be a second offense ? Right?	Criminal Questions	South Carolina
Question about commission? I made a sale of $100,000 in January.  I received commission of $10,000 in February based on the sale.  In June my company took back the $10,000 commission because the client had not paid the $100,000 order.  It's called a "charge back".  In August, the client paid the $100,000 order but my company won't give me back the $10,000 commission, they say it's past their 120 day policy to be paid by client. Is that legal?	Employment Questions	Texas
Are lawyers able to refuse a payment for a foreclosure on a home? Are lawyers able to refuse a payment for a foreclosure on a home?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Does a lawyer or company have the right to turn down a partial payment for a bill? Does a lawyer or company have the right to turn down a partial payment for a bill such as a foreclosure on a house?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
If I&#39;m a senior, how do I get a parking reserved when the building is denying me with my multiple problems? I live in a Senor apt. My management told me to get a doctor's note stating I have medical problems in order to have parking. The place is a 6-story building. I got my medical note from my doctor but said they can't accept it because it doesn't have the word "reserved." I need a hip replacement and have arthritis, numerous back problems and asthma. I have to park behind a wall by a drug store where a lot of car theft is.	Consumer Questions	Michigan
How can i sue a car dealership when I drive a useless car? How can I sue a car dealership? I have very bad time trying to get these people to fix the car. I have had it for 3 months and I have driven it 7 days in 3 months?	Consumer Questions	Texas
What do I do if i have a fta warrant for drug paraphernalia, bonded out &amp; missed court? What do I do if i have a fta warrant for drug paraphernalia, bonded out & missed court?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Is there jail time for 1st time offenders for petty larceny? Is there jail time for 1st time offenders for petty larceny?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
In the state of Missouri, can you legally move out at the age of 17? In the state of Missouri, can you legally move out at the age of 17?	Family Questions	Missouri
What to do if my mother owned a home-dual survivorship and was left with nothing else? M mother had a partner for 22 years. They jointly owned a home-dual survivorship, so the house is now hers. His children are making her provide receipts for the things she bought solely out of her own money. They made a list of things they want and they do not have to provide receipts for that stuff. Also he left his daughters everything and my mom gets nothing. She only gets the house with 118,000 mortgage. My mom is 77 years old.	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Do you have two years to file a lawsuit after you have been charged or after the final depositions were taken? Do you have two years to file a lawsuit after you have been charged or after the final depositions were taken in the state of Indiana?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
Can my ex be given sole custody of my kids since he is committing incest with his first cousin? can my ex boyfriend be given sole custody of my kids since he is committing incest with his first cousin on his father's side?	Family Questions	California
What to do if I was told I was getting a pay raise about a year and a half ago and I didn&#39;t receive it? I was told I was getting a pay raise about a year and a half ago and I didn't receive it. Recently my company has been doing company wide layoff's and has barely avoided filing bankruptcy. As a result the executive team including the CEO has been replaced and the Board has been cleaning house. Over the past 60 days 15+ employees have resigned. I will have been w/the company 20 yrs in Sept & have 2 weeks left of a probationary warning period I have been put on. Having served in high levels of Management, I believe I am being weeded out due to my high wage as I have an exceptional work record until approx. 90 days ago. Recently I asked to look through my employee file-the raise is documented. Nothing documenting why I wasn't compensated.	Employment Questions	Utah
How could I declare bankruptcy? How could I declare bankruptcy?	Consumer Questions	New York
If someone has a will, is it necessary to make sure you get your name on the accounts, house and vehicle? If someone has a will, is it necessary to make sure you get your name on the accounts, house and vehicle?Does it all go to probate regardless?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
How can unemployed teacher keep benefits given from summer? I am an unemployed teacher. Unemployment says that I have to pay back the money I got from unemployment during the summer and spring break. I have a phone hearing with them coming up soon. I need to know what to say and what not to say during that conference to keep my benefits from summer?	Employment Questions	Ohio
Suspended doctor cannot fill out disability request for medical update. I am a long term recipient of Long Term Disability. Annually, I receive a request for a medical update mailed to myself and my Doctor. I filled out mine and sent the other to my doctor. Problem is his license is in suspension and he cannot legally fill out anything on my behalf. What do I do now ?	ERISA Questions,Health Care Questions,Insurance Questions,Security Questions,Workers Comp Questions	Maine
Is an insurance company acting capricious if they deny a claim initially for one reason? Is an insurance company acting in an arbitrary and capricious manner if they deny a claim initially for one reason then after the administrative record is sealed, deny the claim for the initial reason and then another?  Is an insurance company acting in an arbitrary and capricious manner if they omit one of the material duties in denying a claim when it is clearly outlined in the administrative record that 67%-100% of the person's duties entail this particular act?	Employment Questions	Florida
How long will it take if I have wife in my native country but I have green card and want to bring her to the US? I have wife in my native country but I have green card. I want to  bring my wife in USA. How long will the taking time be?	Family Questions	New York
Question regarding my work changing the attendance policy and backdated it to one year ago? My work changed the attendance policy and backdated it to one year ago. So if one has called in more than 80 hours effective 10/01/2011 and calls in again they will be written up, another call in is a final and the third is termination.  Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Colorado
What charges to press when wife breaks into house and destroys property? My wife has been out of a home that I live in now for ten months. She came in and broke numerous windows and destroyed other property in the house. I filed for divorce six months ago also. What can she be charged with?	Criminal Questions	Arkansas
Can my ex pull me out of the mortgage when I pay half? We are not married but bought a house. It's just in his name, but I have paid half of mortgage from day one. Can he put me out?	Real Estate Questions	New York
What  type of licenses are Required if a company calls them selves a &quot;loan servicing&quot; company? What  type of licenses are Required if a company calls them selves a "loan servicing" company ,  collects payments by saying they are the custodial trustee for another llc ? Shouldn't they have a debt collectors license at the minimum.  Non performing notes are purchased and transferred to llc "A" and is the custodial trustee for "B"  mortgage is transferred to "A" for "B" and the note is transferred to "B" only.  The subject property is acquired by a deed in lieu or foreclosure , some loans are paid off thru "A" who in turn pays "B" after taking "A"s fees.   B has given A a power of attorney (which is a poor one)  When you call A answering machine says they are a debt collector.Sheelagh	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
Can technical college deny access to class if son slow on payments? Can a technical college deny access to class if they have received all their grant money and they won't let them back? My son is slow paying them.	Education Questions	Colorado
Can an agency not pay overtime if you are a temp and not pay you for holidays or shift difference? Can an agency in Georgia not pay overtime if you are a temp and not pay you for holidays or shift difference?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Is Ansul Indian tobacco along with its lime powder illegal in the US? Is Ansul indian tobacco along with its lime powder illegal in the US?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Do I need to notify the mortgage co. if I am my late father&#39;s executor? My father passed away. His name and my sister's is on my home. I am his Executor. Do I need to notify the mortgage co?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What is the law against Illegal Immigration in Washington? What is the law against Illegal Immigration in Washington?	Immigration Questions	Washington
What is meant by joint mail owner on a deed? What is meant by joint mail owner on a deed?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I file a lawsuit for false reading in regards to an x-ray exam? I had an  X-ray taken of my lungs to see if I had Active Tb do to my skin test being positive.  A doctor from a public health clinic read my x ray and said i wasn't positive that there was no sign of TB.  However, we drew my attention to my spinal cord and reviled that I have scoliosis.  I took my x-rays to see what I can do to relieve my scoliosis pain. As the doctor checked the x rays he reviled to me that there is scar tissue and damage on my lugs from tb and i did have tb. Can I file a lawsuit for false reading?	Personal Injury Questions	California
Question regarding paperwork stating that I am renting and all of my belongings are in the dwelling? There is no paperwork stating that I am renting and all of my belongings are in the dwelling. I've been living there and legally addressed to be living there but no rental agreements were wrote nor signed. Am I entitled to my belongings?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If we provide written prior notice, does tenant need to confirm before we enter property, or backyard? Several issues with renters. We need to call a landscape service to trim bushes, weed, fertilize, both front and backyard. If we provide written prior notice, does tenant need to confirm before we enter property, or backyard?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Is it against some kind of law for an employer to put off paying you because hes going on vacation? Is it against some kind of law for an employer to put off paying you because hes going on vacation?	Employment Questions	California
As a landlord does my tenants get their deposit back with interest? As a landlord does my tenants get their deposit back with interests?	Real Estate Questions	California
Is it legal to post swearing and vulgar language as part of a restaurant policy? Is it legal to post swearing and vulgar language as part of a restaurant policy? my boss always has to put fuck or god damn in all of his tongue lashing posted for all 100+employees to see? ps i take pictures of all because he also signs them	Employment Questions	New York
Penalty for a landlord who enters (non-emergency) a tenant&#39;s leasehold without 24-hour notification? What is the penalty for a landlord who enters (non-emergency) a tenant's leasehold without 24 hour notification?  This occurred in Sonoma County, California.	Real Estate Questions	California
Can someone take money off your debit card without par missing? Can someone take money off your debit card without par missing?	Consumer Questions	California
As an unwed mother do I have full custody of my daughter? As an unwed mother do I have full custody of my daughter? Or does her birth father have half custody as do I?  He is on the birth certificate and would like to be in her life but he drinks and parties a lot with random people so I don't want her in that environment..	Family Questions	Utah
What does it mean if my late father left his current wife lifetime interest in his house? My father just passed away.  He left his current wife lifetime interest in his house. What does this mean?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Virginia
Small claims the best route? Needed to move out, so got a person interested in taking over my lease on assignment. Asked for approval from LL, but he would not get back to me for several weeks. Did not assign lease, but used 'roommate law' to allow someone to live in my space while I continued to pay LL directly. After almost 3 months, I asked to be released from my lease after landlord would not grant assignment (would not even respond to dozens of calls). After I gave 30 days notice, landlord referred it to his lawyer. Now neither will return calls or my security deposit. It has been almost 5 months since I gave 30 days.  Is small claims the best route?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
What can I do to request time to move and prevent the eviction? I am facing eviction in NYC I owe almost 8,000 in rent. What can I do to request time to move and prevent the eviction?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can I receive child support if I have full custody? I want to file for divorce, my husband and I have been separated since February 12, 2012. I want to have full custody of our three children, ages 3, 2, and 1. Can I receive child support if I have full custody?	Family Questions	Louisiana
How can I resolve a speeding ticket issue in the state of Wyoming city of Rawlins county of Carbon? How can I resolve a speeding ticket issue in the state of Wyoming city of Rawlins county of Carbon? I was issued a ticket by a state trooper for doing 87 in a 75 he says he got me on radar but yet I didn't get to see it. I drive a company truck & (yes i have a CDL License) that is set to run a max speed of 70 mph I was driving with my cruise control on & it set on 70 mph in a 75 mph state.	Criminal Questions	Wyoming
How will current tenant&#39;s eviction affect move-in date? I have paid rent on an apartment, and I am due to move in on October 1. The current tenant turned in a notice and is now refusing to move. He has not paid rent in 2 months and is under an eviction. How will this affect my move in date?	Leasing Questions	Michigan
What is a body attachment warrant in regards to a family case? What is a body attachment warrant in regards to a family case?	Family Questions	Texas
Can I legally show pictures of my husband with his mistress to other people? Can I legally show pictures of my husband with his mistress to other people?	Family Questions	Alabama
Question regarding lied to in a job interview? I Was lied to in a job interview. Quit a good paying job half way to retirement. Not sure if can get same position back in union. What can I do?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can you legally take a speed limit from 45 to 25 within a mile of the different speeds? Can you legally take a speed limit from 45 to 25 within a mile of the different speeds? what would be any laws concerning that?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Can I still apply for the Dream Act if I committed a felony when I was 17? Can I still apply for the Dream Act if I committed a felony when I was 17?	Immigration Questions	California
If I brought a bag of chips and started eating and then realize maggots were on them do I have a case? If I brought a bag of chips and started eating them and then realize maggots were on them do I have a case?	Personal Injury Questions	Georgia
Can I put personal information published by hackers in searchable database? There are quite a lot of hacking going on and I want to know if its possible to use the data that has been leaked in my own applcations.For example; E-mails can I use them to warn my users that there information may have been leaked. I know its illegal to send them all emails because thats against can-spam.I have know interest in this my company but for personal reasons I would like to know. Passwords that have been leaked. Hackers say they have published them which means that are in the public domain. Can i put them in a database and let any search for the information? Or is that against some personal rights act.Thank-you for your timePaul	Information Technology Questions,Internet Questions,Internet Law Questions,Security Questions,Web Application Development Questions	New York
Has the laws change from ceasing child support payments at 18 to ceasing after they finished college? Has the child support laws in NC change from ceasing child support payments at age 18 to ceasing after the child finishes college?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If I apply as a U.S. citizen, will it be a problem if I have a misdemeanor case last year? i have a misdemeanor case last year, but I'm here to the U.S since 2003. If i apply a U.S CITIZEN, is it going to be a problem?	Family Questions	Virginia
If 1 tenant fails to pay their third of 3 months rent, does the landlord go after that tenant for monies? If 3 tenants sign the lease to a house and 1 tenant fails to pay their third of 3 months rent then moves out, does the landlord go after that tenant for monies owed or is it now the responsibility of the remaining tenants to pay for the back rent?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
What to I need to do to get the child support order terminated if I remarried my ex? I was divorced 18 months ago and required to pay child support. My son is 18 years old and still in high school. However, I have since remarried my ex husband. What to I need to do to get the child support order terminated?	Family Questions	Indiana
What Nevada law restricts a debtor from selling his property to avoid debt collection? What Nevada law restricts a debtor from selling his property to avoid debt collection after a judgment against him?	Criminal Questions	Nevada
If I got divorced and realized the name of my ex isn&#39;t on the divorce papers am i still married? If I got divorced and realized the name of my ex isn't on the divorce papers am i still married?	Family Questions	Nevada
What laws regarding evicting renters that have caused the property to be in foreclosure? What laws are in Missouri regarding evicting renters that have caused the property to be in foreclosure?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Are we responsible for the branch tree in our yard that made a hole in our neighbor&#39;s roof? We have a big tree which roots just inside of our yard's boundaries but the branches cover both our and our neighbor's yards/houses. A branch fell from the tree and made a hole in our neighbor's roof during a storm a while ago. Are we responsible for this?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do we have to pay repairs to the fridge that came with the rental or is it the responsibility of the landlord? I am a renter in Oregon. Do we have to pay repairs to the fridge that came with the rental or is it the responsibility of the landlord	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Oregon
Can a mother get full custody if the father moves out of state but there&#39;s never been a DNA test to prove? Can a mother get full custody if the father moves out of state but there's never been a DNA test to prove he's the father nor did he sign a birth certificate	Family Questions	California
How fast can an estate settle out through probate when trust accounts are in place in South Carolina? How fast can an estate settle out through probate when trust accounts are in place in South Carolina?	Wills and Trusts Questions	South Carolina
If wife and husband agree to uncontested divorce is list of property and debts need to be listed? If wife and husband agree to uncontested divorce is list of property and debts need to be listed?	Family Questions	Missouri
Am I allowed by law to rent out a house I own with no bathroom? Am I allowed by law to rent out a house I own with no bathroom?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Do I have the right to sell the mobile home and pay the contract off? I have a contract on a mobile home making payments, but have a clear title, no liens. Do I have the right to sell the mobile home and pay the contract off?	Real Estate Questions	California
With the representative of last will, is it his or her job? With the representative of last will, is it his or her job?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
True if I babysat and didn&#39;t give notice to quit that she has till 30 or 40 days to pay me? I babysat for a lady and I didn't give notice that I was quitting and now she says she has till 30 or 40 days to pay me. Is that true?	Employment Questions	Oregon
If I don&#39;t pay the loan, is it legal for them to file a warrant for my arrest? I took out a payday loan.  I have made two payments but still owe $180.  They have added $100 late fee to this amount.  They said that if they do not get this amount by 2-6-11 at 11:30 a.m., they are going to file for a warrant for my arrest.  Can this be done?  Will I be arrested?	Finance Questions	Michigan
Is it illegal for an employer to make changes to a time sheet? Is it illegal for an employer to make changes to a time sheet?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Question regarding washing the walls in a restaurant? I am a waitress in a privately owned small restaurant.  I make $3/hour plus tips.  Business was slow today, so the owner asked me to start washing walls in the restaurant.  Can he make me do that at $3/hour, and what happens if I refuse?	Employment Questions	Michigan
Can a company schedule you for 2 hours to come in for a store meeting after cutting a shift another day? Can a company schedule you for only two hours on a given day to come in for a store meeting and pay you only two hours that day after cutting a shift on another day?	Employment Questions	New York
Does my son have a right to be notified when his ex fiance is having their baby? Does my son have a right to be notified when his ex fiance is having their baby? Not to be in the room but just to be notified?	Family Questions	California
Can a grandparent file for monthly visitation rights? Can a grandparent file for monthly visitation rights?	Family Questions	Colorado
Does mail for jury duty have to be certified? In the state of Michigan, does mail for jury duty have to be certified?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
May I sue my apartment complex for back rent for leasing me an apt with mold as I&#39;m highly allergic? May I sue my apartment complex for back rent for leasing me an apt with mold/mildew and I'm highly allergic ? I've been coughing up blood, every time I enter my apartment I start to feel sick.I asked the complex before I moved in If there was any mold they told me no. When I complained about the mold they threaten to call the police on me.	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
What is the sentence for first time offenders on failure to pay child support? What is the sentence for first time offenders on failure to pay child support?	Family Questions	Georgia
What is a typical equity structure for investors buying  to purchase a production winery? What is a typical equity structure for investors buying into an existing, successful wine brand that will be using a portion (~50% of the desired financing) to purchase a production winery, vineyard, and tasting room?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
How much does it cost to get full custody and how do I file to get full custody? How much does it cost to get full custody and how do I file to get full custody in DeKalb county Illinois?	Family Questions	Illinois
If abandoned property left by seller what Florida statute covers this? If abandoned property left by seller what Florida statute covers this and what is the time limitto stake claim to property?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What to do if  I want to purchase a handgun to fire at a range as a hobby? I'm 19 years old. I want to purchase a handgun to fire at a range as a hobby.  Am I allowed to do this?  If so, what do I need to do before I make a purchase?	Consumer Questions	Indiana
How do I stop my daughter&#39;s mother from taking her out of state? How do I stop my daughter's mother from taking her out of state?	Family Questions	California
If a patient wants to make her ex-nurse the executor of her estate, is it legal in TN? If a patient wants to make her ex-nurse the executor of her estate, is it legal in TN?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What will happen if I show up in court but my lawyer does not? I have court in 5 days. I can't reach my lawyer. What will happen if I show up and he does not?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
In the state of RI does a will need to be handwritten or can it be typed? In the state of RI does a will need to be handwritten or can it be typed?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Rhode Island
Who do you go to when your attorney does not return your phone calls? Who do you go to when your attorney does not return your phone calls? This is a divorce matter. I have tried calling her for 3 weeks to  no avail and I have questions and info to pass to her!	Family Questions	Wisconsin
If an employee quits and has vacation time left, are they entitled to it? If an employee quits or is terminated and still has vacation time (days) left, is that employee entitled to the vacation left?	Employment Questions	Georgia
How can I legally get emancipated at 15 when I have a place to go? How can I legally get emancipated at 15 when I have a place to go?	Family Questions	Oregon
Is there anything that can be done if I can&#39;t work due to chronic progressive illness? I am not and can't work due to a chronic progressive illness. My name was sent to a lawyer who contacted and sued me for the money I owe.  Is there anything that can be done?  Buel,770-380-9386	Consumer Questions	California
Am I entitled to a refund of some of my rent if the heated pool was not as advertised? I rented a seasonal home that advertised a heated pool. The pool ranged in temperature from 60 - 70 varying daily. Am I entitled to a refund of some of my rent?	Consumer Questions	Florida
How should I respond to the summons as the original was filed 5/3/12? I live in North Carolina, I received certified notification of being sued by a credit card company on August 11 2012. The last payment made  in May 2009. The account has been sold and charged off. What is the statue of limitations? Should I make an offer to the original company? How should I respond to the summons (Alias & Pluries) as the original was filed 5/3/12?	Consumer Questions	North Carolina
Will the court emancipate me even though I don&#39;t have a job right now but I can get one in 2 to 3 weeks? Hi I'm 16 and I would like to get emancipated from my parts because of the way they treat me and of how I treat them. Its impossible for my to live here and I feel like its best for me and the rest of my family if I leave. But I read that you have to have a job already in order to get emancipated from the court and the problem is that my parents are really strict and controlling that they never let me get a real job. So I was wondering if the court will emancipate me even though I don't have a job right now but I can get one in 2 to 3 weeks?	Family Questions	Connecticut
How can I get copyrights to put a film on a flashdrive? How can I get copyrights to put a film on a flashdrive?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Nevada
When a car is repossessed does the finance company have to notify client of when the sale will be? When a car is repossessed in OK does the finance company have to notify client of when and where the sale of the vehicle will be?	Consumer Questions	Oklahoma
What to do if my Mother does not have a medical power of attorney? Mother does not have a medical power of attorney, who has the right to make the decisions; the oldest of the four of us or do we all have equal rights. Mother is in home hospice and expectancy of 3-5 days; on feeding tube; cannot make any decisions on her own.  One of us has power of attorney for business affairs but no one has medical power of attorney. The oldest says she has the power to make all decisions because she is the oldest.  If you have law to support this, where can we find it.	Family Questions	Texas
Can you get an extension on an eviction notice? Can you get an extension on an eviction notice?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
If I signed a contract for pest service and accepted the first service do i still have 3 days to cancel? If I signed a contract for pest service and accepted the first service do I still have 3 days to cancel?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Illinois
I want to know what&#39;s the procedure of something&#39;s about my job and what can I do about it? I want to know what's the procedure of something's about my job and what can I do about it?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
What recourse do I have if I think there is possible age discrimination? I'm 64 years old and should be eligible to retire when I'm 66.  I live in PA and work for a local YMCA.  Recently, my boss told me that I'm to go from full-time with benefits to part time with no benefits.  I've been a good employee for ~13 years and working full time all that time.  Others in my department, including my wife, are unaffected.  I think it's age discrimination, plus my boss doesn't like the fact I'm a naturalized citizen.  What recourse do I have?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Is it legal to remove a feeding tube once inserted? is it legal to remove a feeding tube (g-tube) once inserted?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Can waiting period for employee vacation time be waived? Can I waive the wait time for vacation paid time off for a new candidate, but not change the currentemployee policyon amount of time off in the first year?	Employee Benefits Law Questions	North Carolina
How does the eviction process work in NC? How does the eviction process work in NC?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Why is it mandatory to disclose murder in house or property being sold? In some states, it is mandatory to disclose a murder in the house or on the property you are selling. Most of the laws I found online only say you must disclose the information, but I have not found any explanation as to why.I understand common courtesy but I am sure it goes beyond that.	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Question regarding signing a contract with a car dealership? I signed a contract with a car dealership the down payment and the copies of all contract was not exchanged. I do not want the car anymore because they lied about the car being ready on time and it is still not ready. Am I still in contract?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Law a person can be charged if they signed a contract for house repairs &amp; don&#39;t finish and never come back? What is the Louisiana law a person can be charged with if they sign a contract with you for house repairs and don't finish and never come back?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Louisiana
What do I do if I sent my employee review on June 8 and didn&#39;t get a response? I sent my employee review June 8.  No response.  What do I do?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Question regarding booking an actor to host an event through a booking agent? I was attempting to book an actor to host an event through a booking agent. I signed an agreement and wire the $2000 deposit to the person. After I couldn't get a confirmation from the actors management. I googled the agent and company I saw a number of blogs saying that this guy was a fraud. After speaking with him and letting him know my concerns he said he would send my money back if I wanted it. I also confirmed with the actors manager that they had no knowledge of this booking. The money was supposed to be sent back in June. I have still not received my money back. Please advise me on what I can do.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Louisiana
What to do if a person involved in a lawsuit is called? What to do if a person involved in a lawsuit is called?	Tax Questions	Illinois
What are the laws about getting paid late? What are the laws about getting paid late?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Even though I have completed the term of the lease am I still required to give notice? I have completed a lease for the full term and in my lease agreement it states that I must give 30-day notice before moving out. Even though I have completed the term of the lease am I still required to give notice? Is there any way out of this?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can a burning stove that was my personal property 5 years prior to marriage be legally awarded to my ex? Can a wood burning stove that was my personal property 5 years prior to marriage, be legally awarded to my ex spouse in the state of Indiana? I submitted a motion to correct errors and it was denied. I also have personal property that was awarded to me and is missing or not being given back. All the property I am seeking to be returned was personal property to me prior to the marriage, the marriage only lasted 1 year and all the marital property was awarded to the ex spouse. How can I petition the court to order the ex spouse to return my personal property and correct the error on the matter of the wood burning stove?	Family Questions	Indiana
How old do you have to be to move out in the state of Alabama? How old do you have to be to move out in the state of Alabama?	Family Questions	Alabama
If a judge in Mississippi says that they are ready to sign off on a case after the last court hearing, how long do the law allow give that judge to sign off on the case? If a judge in Mississippi says that they are ready to sign off on a case after the last court hearing, how long do the law allow give that judge to sign off on the case?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Minnesota
Can a person that is falsely accused of kidnapping get the charge dropped? Can a person that is falsely accused of kidnapping get the charge dropped?	Criminal Questions	Massachusetts
Does late option check affect option period? If an option period check for a purchase on a Texas residential contract is paid one day late, but the option check is accepted and recited, is the option period in place?	Contract Questions,Real Estate Questions	Texas
Why am I being held liable for the cost and not the person who hit me? I was in a car accident by no fault of mine. Had to seek treatment, and was wondering why I am being held liable for the cost and not the person who hit me?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
Can I hire myself under H1 VISA if I am an Indian Citizen? I am an Indian citizen working in US under L1 VISA. I have opened a new business. I know that I cannot work for my business. But what is the legal way to work for my business? Can I hire myself under H1 VISA? If so, what is the eligibility for my business to sponsor H1 VISA?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Massachusetts
Is it legal in Georgia for a co-worker to keep a secret book on the actions of a fellow co-worker for the purpose of having something over that persons head in order to get them removed from their position? Is it legal in Georgia for a co-worker to keep a secret book on the actions of a fellow co-worker for the purpose of having something over that persons head in order to get them removed from their position?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Do I have a civil case if a company hired an employee using my personal identification? I just find out that a company hired an employee using my personal identification. This company fails to follow state low ode verify employee. Do I have a civil case here?	Employment Questions	Utah
When doing background checks can you find out if a person has a child &amp; is or is not paying child support? When doing background checks can you find out if a person has a child and is or is not paying child support?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can your bank take from your income tax when it is deposited to catch up mortgage? Can your bank take from your income tax when it is deposited to catch up mortgage?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Can a pharmacy be in trouble for filling a prescription wrong? I take this pill twice a day. That&#39;s what it was written for. They filled it for once a day. So I ran out in 2 weeks. Now they won&#39;t refill it because it hasn&#39;t been 30 days. I&#39;m 30 weeks pregnant and could go into labor because of this.	Health Care Questions,Insurance Questions,Legal Questions,Personal Injury Questions	Tennessee
I want to start a repo service and need to know what legal steps I needed to take? I want to start a repo service and need to know what legal steps I needed to take?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Indiana
Is it legal if my husband withdrew all the money from our joint account before we got a divorce? My husband and I got got separated on January 2012 and he withdrew all the money from our savings and checking accounts. We had a joint account! Is it right what he did? We had not file a divorce by that time. He barely submitted the papers by Feb. 16?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Texas
Is it legal to take vacation pay away from someone who has earned it? Is it legal to take vacation pay away from someone who has earned it?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Colorado
How long does a company have after they terminate you to pay you back? In Massachusetts how long does a company have after they terminate you to pay you back all owed to you? 24 hours is state law and what I have read and received as answers? This is correct right?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
Question about selling a car on Craigslist? I was selling a car on Craigslist and a gentleman asked if I would take $1500.00 for the car and I indicated yes. He lives in a different state and said he would get back to me about getting me the money.  He started being rather shady and wanted my bank info to wire the $ to my account and I would not give it.  I started to get a bad feeling about him so I sold the car to someone else. I told him the car had been sold and he told me he had already sent me a cashiers check.  When the check arrived I had the post office mark it "refused" and it was sent back.  This guy is now hassling me via text and threatening to find out who I sold the car to and saying he is going to file a federal law suit if I don't send him $170 by a certain date?	Consumer Questions	Maryland
What can I do if my landlord changed my locks after losing my job and being behind on my rent? I lost my job and therefore behind in my rent. I returned to my apartment yesterday only to discover that the landlord had changed the locks. What can I do about this?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
If a client does not pay and the business sues her for breach of contract, what legal arguments can be raised in the clients defense against an enforcement of a automatic renewal clause? If a client does not pay and the business sues her for breach of contract, what legal arguments can be raised in the clients defense against an enforcement of a automatic renewal clause?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
What to do if some agency wants me to pay money and I ask for his info and he refuses? Some agency wants me to pay money from my previous place where I used to reside. I want him to mail me some address and name of agency and he refuses. He wants me to give him some information to secure the payment first.	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What&#39;s the punishment for a 1st time offense of a 2nd degree wanton endangerment charge? What do you think the punishment for a 1st time offense of a 2nd degree wanton endangerment charge would be?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
For assisted living is it better to divorce my spouse or have a division of assets? For assisted living is it better to divorce my spouse or have  a division of assets? Which would be the least expensive? thank you	Family Questions	Missouri
How can I get my ex&#39;s new boyfriend to order him to stay from all of my little girls&#39; schooling events? How can I get my ex's new boyfriend to order him to stay from all of my little girls schooling events?	Family Questions	New York
If your job does not require you to stand while doing it, are you allowed to sit or request a chair? If your job does not require you to stand while doing it, are you allowed to sit or request a chair?  Is there a "right to sit down" rule in Massachusetts labor laws?	Employment Questions	New Hampshire
Any parental rights in Utah if I signed over guardianship to my brother while I went to rehab? I signed over guardianship of my daughter to my brother while I went to rehab and now my brother will not let me see or talk to my daughter. Do I still have any parental rights in Utah? Can I go and get my daughter now?	Family Questions	Utah
Recourse against a lender who missed a closing deadline due entirely to their own incompetence? Is there any recourse against a lender who missed a closing deadline due entirely to their own incompetence?  can I recover lost wages extra storage rental etc...from them, due to the delay.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Colorado
What kind of insurance should I buy and Is it better to incorporate as single-owner LLC for a website? I have a sole proprietorship business and am about to launch a web site that allows marketplace transactions where money is received from buyers and is sent to sellers after certain fees are charged. What kind of insurance should I buy to protect myself? Is it better to incorporate as single-owner LLC / S-corp? I have read multiple places that a single-owner LLC might not provide much liability protection. Is that true? I would prefer to opt for the cheaper but safe enough option for now with an option for another better coverage if and when the business starts making real money.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	California
What is the proper way to evict a family? What is the proper way to evict a family?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If I&#39;m not working do I have to pay child support when we both have full custody? My son's mother and I both have full custody of my son. We have equal amount of nights with my son. Now if I'm not working do I have to pay child support?	Family Questions	Florida
Can wife keep me from taking child from house if separated without formal custody? My wife and I are seperated with a child. There's no formal custody agreement. Can she keep me from taking my daughter from the house?	Family Questions	California
What to do if i owe back child support and my daughter is married and has her own child? What to do if i owe back child support and my daughter is married and has her own child?	Family Questions	Illinois
How do you compute per diems for residential rentals?	Leasing Questions	Florida
What is difference between stay and injunction? What is the difference between a stay (writ of restitution) and an injunction and who hears the case in that situation?	Real Estate Questions,Real Estate Questions	Washington
if the judge changes his standard visitation does it change my standard visitation? if the judge changes his standard visitation does it change my standard visitation?	Family Questions	Alabama
Which side of a privacy fence is mine? Which side of a privacy fence is mine?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Do I have a discrimination case if the bus company doesn&#39;t accommodate me when all the buses are contracted for the super bowl? I called the local Turner coach bus company because they are giving rides to people who would like to go. I called to make arrangements asked if they had a wheelchair lift on the buss because I am confined to a wheelchair they said yes but they were contracted out for the super bowl. Needless to say I couldn't go. Do I have a discrimination case?	Education Questions	Indiana
Do I have the right to enter a tenant&#39;s apartment for gas leaks, fire, &amp; water leaks? Do I have the right to enter a tenant's apartment for gas leaks, fire, & water leaks?	Real Estate Questions	New York
If I am on unemployment and I am offered a job but do not accept it, can they stop my unemployment? If I am on unemployment and I am offered a job but do not accept it, can they stop my unemployment?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Can I get out of a deposition in a divorce? I am going through a divorce. My wife lives in Fl and I live in NC. We have been separated during the divorce filings. I do not want to appear at a deposition that my wife's attorney wants to have. I have bi-polar and mental and can not endure the distress.  What can I do to get out of this?	Family Questions	North Carolina
what is the time frame with new employment to report new employment for child support? what is the time frame with new employment to report new employment to the state of Louisiana for child support?	Family Questions	Louisiana
If I call in sick can my employer call me at home? If I call in sick can my employer call me at home?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How to get in my daughter&#39;s life if the mother&#39;s mom doesn&#39;t allow it? How can I get to be in my daughter's life if the mother's mom doesn't allow it but they live in Mexico?	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What are the consequences of failing a school drug test in Texas?	Education Questions	Texas
Is there a law that says landlords have to notify tenants of an infestation and treat for prevention? I asked my landlord (property manager) about the rumor of a bed bug infestation and if they were close to my apartment. She told me the bed bugs were no where near me. Today I found bed bugs then talked to my neighbors and found out the there tenants had all.either been treated for or had bed bugs. She lied to me. And Isn't there a law in IN that says landlords have to notify tenants of an infestation near by and treat for preventive purposes? Without tenant paying?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
What happens if I default on a bill during a chapter 13 repayment?	Bankruptcy Questions	Oklahoma
Legal for a hotel owner to rent hotel rooms for an on monthly bases in state of Illinois? Is it legal for a hotel owner to rent hotel rooms for  on monthly bases in state of Illinois?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Illinois
What is the penalty for violating Brevard County&#39;s noise ordinance?	Music/Audio Questions	Florida
Law that would protect you from being discriminated against for being someone who rents an apartment? Could you tell me if there is any kind of law that would protect you from being discriminated against for being someone who rents an apartment?	Real Estate Questions	New York
In Oregon state can a District Attorney change charges from misdemeanor to felony AFTER the arraignment? In Oregon state can a District Attorney change charges from misdemeanor to felony AFTER the arraignment?	Criminal Questions	Oregon
Question regarding a loan I received from a bank to purchase a vehicle? I received a loan from a bank to purchase a vehicle. They were suppose to put a lien on the title but after 3 years they hadn't. I have since sold the vehicle and now they want to charge me with theft by deception. Can they do this since it was their fault that there was no lien in the title?	Consumer Questions	Kentucky
Is it legal for doctors to give patients copies of dictation? Are doctors allowed to give a copy of their dictated notes to patients?	Health Care Questions,Legal Questions,Privacy Questions	North Carolina
What would qualify as an illegal arrest? What would qualify as an illegal arrest?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
Who would be the affiant on a claim of lien? Who would be the affiant on a claim of lien?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Virginia
Do i need to be aware of any special law if I got a speeding ticket? I'm a NY resident. I received a speeding ticket for 31 point over. It was 45 miles zone. As per officer I was doing 76.Do I need to be aware of any special law? Can I hire attorney at the court on day of hearing?Do they suspend license? This is my first speeding ticket in 9 years. please advise if need attorney.	Criminal Questions	New York
How can I get guardianship over my mother if she has dementia? How can I get guardianship over my mother if she has dementia?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
How do I sign over all rights to my unborn child? I need information on how to sign over all rights to my unborn child?	Family Questions	New York
What is the time limit to seek a lawsuit if I fell at Cape Fear hospital and broke my leg? i fell at Cape Fear hospital and broke my leg.  What is the time limit to seek a lawsuit?	Personal Injury Questions	North Carolina
What to do if I was fired and my boss is telling my former customers and staff why I was fired? I was fired and my boss is telling my former customers and staff why I was fired?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Is it true that if someone is under the age of 24 then they can date someone as young as 16? Is it true that if someone is under the age of 24 then they can date someone as young as 16?	Family Questions	Florida
If you have a contract with a company to do some tile work for them and they feel that you are not working fast enough and decide to hire on another company to do the job too, who is responsible for paying that second company?	Contract Questions	Nebraska
How often in Ohio do apartments have to replace carpet after how many tenants? How often in Ohio do apartments have to replace carpet after how many tenants?	Consumer Questions	Ohio
What happens if my mother dies before my dad pays his child support? What happens if my mother dies before my dad pays his child support? Will I still receive as adult?	Family Questions	Michigan
What is the best course for the non-custodial parent to take on behalf of the child? When a non custodial parent is told by 16-year-old that they are being abused by custodial parent and the child no longer wants to reside with that parent. What is the best course for the non-custodial parent to take on behalf of the child? Tried DCF and that only made the abuse worse. Can you help?	Family Questions	Florida
Does a homeowner have any recourse against the management for allowing the FHA certification to lapse? Does a homeowner have any recourse against the community management company for allowing the FHA certification to lapse?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can father recover for medical bills paid for adult child in NYS? Can father recover for medical bills paid for adult child in NYS?	Personal Injury Questions	New York
When going through divorce, my spouse&#39;s attorney froze assets and some of the bank accounts are business accounts.  In the event of business disruption or loss of business, does that attorney and spouse have any liability for that? So if I lose business as part of the bank freeze can I countersue?	Family Questions	Illinois
Should I use Missouri Contract for Deed or Prom Note for client selling debt-free home? My client wants to sell his debt free home and provide seller financing for a buyer who can handle the payments but cannot qualify for a loan. Should I use a Missouri Contract for Deed or Prom Note secured by a Missouri Deed of Trust?	Banking Law Questions,Real Estate Questions	Missouri
Can a past debt collector put a lien on a mortgage the the title is in your llc&#39;s name? Can a past debt collector put a lien on a mortgage the the title is in your llc's name?	Real Estate Questions	Nevada
As a felon, am I bondable for employment purposes in Tennessee? As a felon, am I bondable for employment purposes in Tennessee?	Employment Questions	Tennessee
Can I be terminated while under doctor&#39;s care? Can I be terminated while under doctor's care?	Employment Questions	Indiana
Can I get in trouble at work for fighting with a co-worker off the clock? Can I get in trouble at work for fighting with a co-worker off the clock?	Employment Questions	Illinois
Can doctors tell my busy to my job on workers comp? Can doctors tell my busy to my job on workers comp?	Employment Questions	North Carolina
Am I entitled to husband&#39;s social security? Am I entitled to husband's social security?	Family Questions	Missouri
If I&#39;m on workmans compensation, can I get a second medical opinion from doctor if I pay for it on my own? If I'm on workmans compensation, and my treating doctor is starting to go along with the insurance company, can I get a second medical opinion from another doctor if I pay for it on my own?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Question regarding drawing up papers saying my child&#39;s father is willing to give up his rights? I need to draw up papers saying my child's father is willing to give up his rights. He is willing to sign them. I want to know what i have to do to get the documents?	Family Questions	District of Columbia
My daughter is being bullied by the cheer coach and the entire cheer squad!  I have been to the schools numerous times and nothing has been done.  What are my options?	Family Questions	New Mexico
Are there any good incubators in Vermont? Thinking about relocating and would like to tap into entrepreneurial resources.	Corporate Questions	Massachusetts
What steps do we take to legally break our Colorado apartment lease due to uninhabitable conditions? What steps do we (myself and roommate) take to legally break our Colorado apartment lease due to uninhabitable conditions? There are large roach infestation even after the unit was exterminated, and no dead bolts on exterior doors. Exterminating tomorrow afternoon, which was 2 weeks since the first extermination. We signed the lease July 2, 2012	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
How would you go about having someone declared incompetent? How would you go about having someone declared incompetent? Our family feel that my grandfather's dementia and Alzheimer's is taking over to much to make decisions. He is remarried and supportable has a prenup and will, the kids do not know for sure though. She is not letting the family know what is going on with him or letting us see him much either. any suggestions	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Wisconsin
Does Ohio require insurance for dirt bike? Do you have to have insurance on a dirt bike in the state of Ohio?	Insurance Questions,Legal Questions	Ohio
Would the use of the trademarks in the original documents be considered fair use? Our website sells digital copies of vintage owners manuals, service manuals and sales literature for old 1940s-1970s appliances/housewares.  All of the materials we have confirmed are in the public domain via copyright record searches.  We provide copies that are unchanged and exactly the way the original manufactures produced them decades ago.  My concern is that fact that even though the documents are in the public domain and free of copyright, the documents do contain the original manufacturer trademarks and logos.  Many of these companies are long out of business, but some are still in business and use the same logo they did 60 years go.  Would the use of the trademarks in the original documents be considered fair use?  Thanks everyone!	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Minnesota
If I work 12 hour-shift and some 8, is it right that I work 7 days with out a day off for 14 or more days? I work some 12 hours shift and some 8. Is it right that I work 7 days with out a day off for 14 or more days?	Employment Questions	Texas
if the NCP is $67,000 behind in child support, should he be in jail? if the NCP is 67,000 behind in child support, should he be in jail?	Family Questions	Illinois
Is the tenant liable for those payments due to the landlord&#39;s negligent to cash it within that amount of days? I need to know if an ex- tenant is still liable to pay the ex-landlord for rental payments that has already been paid but the landlord didn't cash the checks and it came back to the tenant.  However, the tenant was not aware of it and now she can't afford to pay back the landlord for the amount owed.  Is the tenant liable for those payments due to the landlord's negligent to cash it within that amount of days?	Real Estate Questions	Missouri
What are the squatter laws on the big island of HI? What are the squatter laws on the big island of HI?	Real Estate Questions	Hawaii
Landlord never deposited my utilities checks, anything I need to do? I left landlord checks for utilities and the landlord never deposited the checks, is there anything I should do?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can comp time be used for full or part-time hourly employees? Can comp time be used for full or part-time hourly employees?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can we sue if my stepmother has stopped my sister and I from seeing our father? My step mother has stopped my sister and I from seeing our father.  Can we sue her?	Family Questions	New York
Can a Wisconsin judge sentence a person to probation concurrent to an existing probation sentence? Can a Wisconsin judge sentence a person to probation concurrent to an existing probation sentence? {separate cases)????	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
If I foreclose on the property I have in NC, can the bank come after my assets? If I foreclose on the property I have in NC, can the bank come after my assets?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
I live in the state of Illinois. The trailer behind me caught on fire, and my trailer&#39;s vinyl siding melted on one side. Is there a law that if the vinyl siding cannot be replaced, does the insurance company have to replace the entire trailer for the siding?	Insurance Questions	Illinois
What is the punishment for road rage in NC? What is the punishment for road rage in NC?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
Can you sue the post office for losing a package? Can you sue the post office for losing a package?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
How do i get a court order/restraining order revoked? How do i get a court order/restraining order revoked?	Family Questions	New York
How would I go about getting a fax of all the unemployment I received? I needed a copy of previous unemployment. How would I go about getting a fax of all the unemployment I received?	Immigration Questions	Texas
Can I sue a car dealership if they gave me a carfax and problems on my car does&#39;t match what&#39;s on the carfax? Can I sue a car dealership if they gave me a carfax and problems on my car does't match what's on the carfax?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
What is the first step into an annulment of my marriage? Hello, I am looking into annulment of my marriage. What is the first step towards it? The marriage has also left me absolutely bankrupt so I need a low or no cost option if that is even possible?	Family Questions	New Jersey
If my boss doesn&#39;t pay overtime he pays cash is this legal in MA? If my boss doesn't pay overtime he pays cash is this legal in MA?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How do i go about taking someone off my lease who refuses to pay they half of the rent? How do i go about taking someone off my lease who refuses to pay they half of the rent?	Family Questions	Florida
Can landlord keep our security deposit? My partner and I asked our landlords if we could terminate our rental lease early in California and they agreed. We gave them a two month notice that we would be moving out of state. One of the landlords stated that we will receive our security deposit back  as long as the apartment is left in good condition. We paid to have the apartment cleaned and made sure it was in good condition. Our last day according to our notice was April 1st. We moved out two weeks prior to the 1st to give them additional time. I received and email today that they don't feel they owe us our security deposit because we terminated our lease early and they have been busy and haven't been able to get the apartment rented. Can they keep our security deposit?	Leasing Questions	Pennsylvania
Can you get your children back even if they were taking away from you? Can you get your children back even if they were taking away from you?  And even my right was taking away from court and they were adopted?	Family Questions	Florida
Who gets child support money after the child turns 18 and is still in high school? Who gets child support money after the child turns 18 and is still in high school?	Family Questions	Oregon
What are my legal rights as far as signing the lease under false pretenses and receiving a refund of my down payment and monthly payment to date? I signed a lease for a used car from a dealership and was told at the time of signing that they report to the credit bureau which was good and part of a requirement for me since I was looking to increase my credit score. I later found out a few months later that not only do they not report to the credit bureau they never have. What are my legal rights as far signing the lease under false pretenses and receiving a refund of my down payment and monthly payment to date?	Consumer Questions	New York
Fired due to not learning cigarette brands and prices after 3 weeks. Can I sue if I was fired because I did not learn all the brands of cigarettes and prices after 3 weeks of working but they hire someone new and they do not know the same thing. The main boss liked her and he kept her and let me go because he didn't like me. Is that right?	Employment Questions	Georgia
Do Missouri workers have any rights to wrongful termination in Missouri any longer? Do Missouri workers have any rights to wrongful termination in Missouri any longer?	Employment Questions	Missouri
Can neighbor cut tree limbs hanging over their yard without my consent? A tree on our property has some limbs that cross the property line and hang over into the neighbor's yard.  Two days ago construction worker's hired by the neighbor cut all those limbs off without consulting with us. Is this legal? Rick in Tennessee.	Construction Law Questions,Environmental Law Questions,Family Questions,Insurance Questions,Real Estate Questions	Tennessee
What do I do about a neighbor that complains? What do I do about a neighbor that complains?	Real Estate Questions	Hawaii
How to recommend specific defense lawyers for weapons permit class? I am a firearms instructor in SC. We mostly teach concealable weapon permit classes. I advise all my students to form a relationship with a defense lawyer BEFORE they might need one, like after a self-defense shooting incident.I'm specifically looking for South Carolina pro-gun, pro 2nd Amendment, lawyers who have experience successfully defending clients who were forced to use deadly force to defend their life. I'd like to be able to recommend specific lawyers and have them recommend me to their clients who need training. What is the best way to accomplish this?	Security Questions	South Carolina
What could happen if I can&#39;t afford to pay my timeshare taxes and maintenance fee? I can't afford to pay my timeshare taxes and maintenance fee. What could happen?	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Can social security checks be used to automatically pay an overdraft in PA? Can social security checks be used to automatically pay an overdraft in PA?	Consumer Questions	New York
Could i, who is 19 years old, rent a motel room for a 17 year old girl and myself? Could I, who is 19 years old, rent a motel room for a 17 year old girl and myself?	Consumer Questions	Idaho
How long can you be kept on the ankle bracelet in Wisconsin? How long can you be kept on the ankle bracelet in Wisconsin?	Criminal Questions	Wisconsin
If I would try to reopen my same case with money in hand would I be able too? I live in Pennsylvania and I tried to open a child support case a few yrs back needless to say me n the father came to an agreement I dropped the case and was charged $40 which I did not pay. I recently tried to open another case on the same person long story short I didn't have the $40 this time around either so this case was also dismissed. My question is if I would try to reopen this same case with money in hand would I be able too?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Can a judge enter a bifurcation order on my divorce without my signature? Can a judge enter a bifurcation order on my divorce without my signature because my husband wants to get remarried this weekend?	Family Questions	Colorado
If you rented furniture at a rental &amp; fell behind in rent &amp; then turned it in, can you be be sued for back rent? If you rented some furniture at a rental store and fell behind in rent and then turned it in, can you be be sued for back rent ?	Consumer Questions	Missouri
What do I need to do to transfer guardianship of my brother? i want to gain guardianship of my brother who live in Boston, Ma. I have guardianship of him in Boston, Ma. I want to move him to Atlanta Ga. What do I need to do to transfer guardianship?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can you be arrested for an uncollected check that is 32 years old? Can you be arrested for an uncollected check that is 32 years old?	Consumer Questions	South Carolina
How can my dad legally get custody of me when I live with my mom? I'm 15 and I want to live with my dad but my mom won't allow it. How can he legally get custody of me?	Family Questions	Indiana
Does a land owner have a legal right to charge a five thousand dollar or 10% fee for the home the buyer? Does a land owner in NC who charges a monthly rental fee for the land lot you lease from them, have a legal right to charge a five thousand dollar or 10% fee (which ever is higher) for the home the buyer purchased to put on that lot when he decides to sell the home?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
If I bought a car but put it in someone&#39;s name can I get my car back even if i can show prove? if i bought a car but put it in someone else name can i get my car back even if i can prove that i bought the car?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Louisiana
Can I just stay the  extra two weeks I need and wait to get evicted? Hi so 44 days ago I got a notice to vacate by my landlord. At the time I agreed but now I have nowhere to go and I have to be out tomorrow.  Can I just stay the  extra two weeks I need and wait to get evicted?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my employer withhold raises for almost 6 months? my work anniversary was in may of this year. my boss said to me that I was getting a raise. It's September and I have not gotten my raise. Can my employer withhold raises this long?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
How do fill out my 18 year old&#39;s w-2 form when she works part-time and receives tips? My 18-year-old daughter, who is still in high school, works part-time for a restaurant in Massachusetts. She received tips but I am stumped by her w-2 form in Box 7 (Social Security Tips). Do I add Box 7 amount to her wages in Box 1? Please help.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Massachusetts
Can i sue a complex if i was robbed &amp;  my children&#39;s life was threatened by a person in the apt complex? Can i sue an apartment complex if i was robbed and mine and my children's life was threatened by a person that lived in the apt complex? The office was aware he had been convicting these burglaries among several other things and he was still living on the property.	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Would the employer be responsible for replacing the tools? My tools came off of a company truck due to a bin on the truck falling open due to old latches on this truck not working properly. Would the employer be responsible for replacing the tools?	Employment Questions	Arkansas
How do you write up and file a Lis pendens action on a company that did not pay back my investment? How do you write up and file a Lis pendens action on a company that did not pay back my investment?	Employment Questions	Utah
Can Child support payments be taken out of a retirement check? Can Child support payments be taken out of a retirement check?	Family Questions	Mississippi
If a business fails to deliver a product at 100% am I entitled to a refund? If a business fails to deliver a product at 100% am I entitled to a refund?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Can I bring my 90-Year-old aunt from Spain to live in the states? Can I bring my 90 Year old aunt from Spain to live in the states?	Family Questions	Texas
Question renting a house that will go to foreclosure and auction set in 4 months? I am renting and received letter that house going to foreclosure and auction set in 4 months. I live in Florida. HOA sent letter and demanding to pay all rent them, Landlord is demanding to pay her. House is not being managed, not repairs were done for a year. I only have verbal agreement with landlord to pay rent after my lease was over. What should I do, Who should I pay and how much?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What do I do to have full custody of my son out of wedlock? What do I do to have full custody of my son out of wedlock?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can I discriminate in who I rent to if I am sharing my house that I live in? Can I discriminate in who I rent to if I am sharing my house that I live in?  I live in North Carolina	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
If I own property in NY &amp; also FL can the FL lender go after the NY property if I were to opt for a short sale? If I own property in NY and also Florida can the lender on the Florida property go after the NY property which is my primary residence if I were to foreclose or opt for a short sale	Real Estate Questions	New York
Can a police officer leave his pension to someone other than their spouse when they die? Can a police officer leave his pension to someone other than their spouse when they die? Does it automatically go to the surviving spouse?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
What are my options in a stopped payment check? What are my options in a stopped payment check?	Consumer Questions	Minnesota
What can I do legally for my ex to bring back my daughter? I live in Florida State and have Physical Custody of my child who is 9.  The Father and I or not married but he does pay child support.  We don't have in writing a court order how visitation will work.  I'm located in Panama City and She is located in Miami. The question is She picked up my daughter for the summer and brought to Miami. Now she does not want to return my daughter. Wants me to pick her up.  The verbal agreement was she would pick up and bring back, but now wants me to pick up.  What can I do legally for her to bring back my daughter?	Family Questions	California
Legal to force me to use my PTO when they forced me to take a leave of absence? My job made me take a leave of absence from work and is making me use my paid time off. Can they do that?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
If a contract is made based on a circuit court precedence at the time and is later remanded by a state supreme court, does the contract remain valid?	Appellate Practice Questions,Contract Questions,Litigation Law Questions	South Carolina
How do I get the mortgage out of my name if it&#39;s my name but my ex lives in the home and barely pays? I got divorced in June 2011. Currently the mortgage is in my name but my ex lives in the home with our sons and he is paying the mortgage barely on time. I want to know how to get the mortgage out of my name?	Family Questions	Florida
Legal for someone to record you at work without your knowledge? Legal for someone to record you at work without your knowledge?	Employment Questions	South Carolina
I have an unlawful detainer court date on nov.30 2011. I&#39;m not ready to move, due to finances. I want to milk it as long as i can. How soon can I reschedule for another court date? retailotory eviction, code enforcement involved.	Leasing Questions,Litigation Law Questions,Real Estate Questions	California
Question regarding adopting an international child? Hello, I am a 20 year old female and I will like to be able to adopt an international child in the in about another 6 years (baby as a single parent.) I know this is possible to do in some countries, but my question is it possible and will it be easier to have a lawyer to help you a achieve this goal? If so what will all needs to be done ( if you have details) THANK YOU SO MUCH!! :)	Family Questions	Florida
How does one go about finding out whether or not one&#39;s spouse is divorced from a previous marriage? How does one go about finding out whether or not one's spouse is divorced from a previous marriage or not?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Is the employer required to serve a show cause notice before disciplinary action  of suspension is initiated? I have been suspended from work for 5 days without pay.  Is the employer required to serve a show cause notice before disciplinary action  of suspension is initiated?	Employment Questions	Florida
Is a notarized document legal when it states who gets your mobile home and car post mortem? Is a notarized document legal when it states who gets your mobile home and car post mortem?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
What to do if I&#39;ve been putting down a certain employer and they&#39;ve been giving a bad reference? I've been putting down a certain employer I worked for over a year on new applications. I come to find out when they were called they gave me a bad reference, and now I have applications all over town, and I wont get hired. What can I do? the allegations are false.	Employment Questions	Arkansas
If work comp settle without me, &amp; then I also get a settlement, do I have to pay work comp back? If work comp settle without me, and then I also get a settlement from the liability do I have to pay work comp back?	Personal Injury Questions	Minnesota
Can a company cancel your contract if you never had one? Can a company cancel your contract if you never had one? Also what rights do I have when I have received a letter (written on September 4, 2012) of termination stating that my service agreement with Positive care had been terminated as of September 1, 2012? Reason being as stated in the  letter it is not the intent of  Positive care private home care, Inc to extender this agreement beyond the designated date.  Along with a bogus contract that has been fraudulently dated and signed.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
Is it worth claiming if I hit a blown tire on the highway? Is it worth claiming if I hit a blown tire on the highway?	Family Questions	Michigan
How do I respond to a summons for a credit card debt? I am unemployed and received a summons from a law office representing target credit card services who I own money to... It says "a copy of your answer to the complaint with is herewith served upon you, within 20 days after service of this summons, exclusive of the day of service. You are also required to file your answer to the complaint in the office of the Clerk if this court before service upon the attorney or within 5 days thereafter."I called the office and they won't say more than this, except that I don't have to go there.What is the procedure that I should follow?	Bankruptcy Questions,Consumer Questions,Finance Questions	Massachusetts
How long do I have to answer a complaint? How long do I have to answer a complaint?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Question about getting overpaid unemployment compensation? I was overpaid unemployment compensation!  I did not dispute that I owed the money.  I do dispute being called a liar, cheat, thief, disingenuous and not credible!  I filed an appeal.  They adopted the Appeal Tribunal's Findings. PAY!   Now I must appeal to the district court.  we must get a private attorney!  we cannot afford one.  what can I do?	Employment Questions	New Mexico
If I resisted an officer &amp; head lights, Can those charges be broke down to a misdemeanor? Resisting an officer & head lights for conditions-26223-12. Can those charges be broke down to a misdemeanor?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
Can I sue for Defamation of character? Can I sue for Defamation of character?	Employment Questions	California
How do I locate my son-in-law and ask for child support if he abandoned his family in the Phil? My son-in-law abandoned his family in the Phil. and he is now here in the US. How do I locate him and ask for child support?	Family Questions	California
How do I file a custody counter act? How do I file a custody counter act?	Family Questions	Maine
How to do some criminal charges expunged from my record? I am trying to get some criminal charges expunged from my record, none of which resulted in a conviction in Peoria County. How do I do this?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Can you back out of a home refinance if you locked your rate but underwriter still requesting documents? Can you back out of a home refinance  if you already locked your rate but underwriter still requesting documents without being penalized?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Is declaring estate of me as the beneficiary on life insurance policy the best wording? Is declaring estate of me as the beneficiary on life insurance policy the best wording?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Utah
If a wife files divorce in CA where she resides can the husband living in another state file where he resides? if a wife files divorce in CA where she resides can the husband living in another state file where he resides for divorce?	Family Questions	Hawaii
Question regarding awarded 1.25% owned interest in a private company in my divorce? I was awarded 1.25% owned interest in a private company in my divorce.  The company has told me the interest cannot be transferred from husband to ex wife and they will not buy me out.  Can I put a lien on the existing building?	Family Questions	Massachusetts
What to do if the Landlord is lying? What to do if the Landlord is lying?  I need help. I have a court date on Sept 18, 2012. Please help.	Real Estate Questions	Indiana
Can my medical records be subpoenaed without my knowledge and if they have nothing to do with case? Can my medical records be subpoenaed without my knowledge and if they have nothing to do with case I'm involved in? I live in Mississippi.	Criminal Questions	Mississippi
Can a soon to be mother abort a child when the soon to be father me doesn&#39;t want that to happen? Can a soon to be mother abort a child when the soon to be father me doesn't want that to happen?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
What to do if my son was excluded from his father&#39;s will? What to do if my son was excluded from his father's will?	Wills and Trusts Questions	New York
Can I get my second mortgage modification? Can I get my second mortgage modification?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Question regarding 2 owners of a LLC and acquiring a loan to start the business? If there are 2 owners of  LLC business and only one had acquired the loan to start the business is it possible for the one who had acquired the loan to dissolve his or her ownership and the business stay alive?  Thank you in advance.	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Missouri
Can the apartment complex make an occupant sign a lease and do background checks? Can the apartment complex make an occupant sign a lease and do background checks? She does not do that to other tenants.	Family Questions,Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
How to answer a request to admit facts for a forfeiture of a motor vehicle? How to answer a request to admit facts for a forfeiture of a motor vehicle?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
How do I return custody of my grandchild back to his mother for free legally? How do I return custody of my grandchild back to his mother for free legally?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
What to do if I told a false confession cause I was under antidepressants? If I gave a confession but when I gave it I was not on my mood stabilizers and antidepressants and told a false confession can they use it against me?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Question if I&#39;m the custodial parent but do not receive child support from the father? I wanted to ask a question about moving to south Florida. I'm in Clearwater. I am the custodial parent and receiving no child support from father since March. He sees them whenever he ca . He just came back from Boston in August.	Family Questions	Florida
Are herbal incense spice legal in FL? Hi I have a quick question about spice (herbal incense). What's the update? Is it legal or illegal  in Tampa FL?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
How can I void a will without rewriting one? How can I void a will without rewriting one?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Michigan
Is there a way for them to lower the child support because my husband has a son now? My husband has a daughter that's 10 years he pays $390.00 a month for her. We have a son together that's 3 years. is there a way for them to lower the child support because he has a son now?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can I legally put the bin where I had it, if it is a private road that I access year round? I am paying for trash service. I put the can near the end of my shared PRIVATE ROAD, of which I have lived on the longest. My neighbor doesn't like where I put the bin, and insist the private road is his property, even though the bin is really sitting on BLM land along the BLM fence. Can I legally put the bin where I had it, if it is a private road that I access year round?	Real Estate Questions	Colorado
Can a pharmacy deny filling your prescription stating they don&#39;t have it but most likely do? Can a pharmacy (Walmart) deny filling your prescription (oxocodone 30mg) stating they don't have it? You know they have it because a friend of yours (who is white) went in this morning and filled his w no problem when confronted they just stated we can't fill it. Is this discrimination and a lawsuit?	Consumer Questions	Florida
What impact does it have when a deficiency in a foreclose is reported to the IRS? What impact does it have when a deficiency in a foreclose is reported to the IRS?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
Question regarding my truck and putting it on my credit report as repo? I have a truck. I owed 12,000. They are charging me 25,000 tried to give truck back. I won't take it, but they have already put the truck on my credit report as a repo?	Consumer Questions	Illinois
Question regarding Huntington&#39;s disease as a hereditary disease that runs in my family? Huntington's is a hereditary disease that runs in my family. I choose not to get tested for it. My husband is trying to take my children from me because of claiming i have the disease. He is getting a dr i seen one time to come to court and say he suspects i have it. Can the courts make me get tested?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Is it true that if three tenants take a landlord to court for similar complaints, they can get more money back? Is it true that if three tenants take a landlord to court for similar complaints ,they can get more money back?	Real Estate Questions	New York
Legal for someone to record your conversation w/o your knowledge while conducting a 3-way call? 4159905542 Is it legal for someone to record your N.Y.C. conversation w/o your knowledge, while secretly, conducting a 3-way call, with the police as the undisclosed third party?	Criminal Questions	New York
What are the steps or process involved after filing a Writ of Habeas Corpus? What are the steps or process involved after filing a Writ of Habeas Corpus and no one has sent a response back to the court after being served?	Criminal Questions	Virginia
Can I back out of the sale without legal ramifications? I have an agreement of sale on my home which will be sold on Oct 24 this year. I was not able to purchase another home. Can I back out of the sale without legal ramifications?	Real Estate Questions	Pennsylvania
Does the lease automatically renew or do you go to a &quot;tenant at will&quot;? In Maine, when you are renting a home and have a lease and the lease ends after 12 months, but you continue to pay rent with no question to sign a new lease by the landlord. Does the lease automatically renew or do you go to a "tenant at will"?	Real Estate Questions	Maine
What to do if I took the charge for my boyfriend and now wants to get me acquitted? i took a charge for my boyfriend that i didn't do and wrote a statement saying i did it. Now he wants to admit to it and get me acquitted of the charges. What should I do?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Is there a statute of limitations on misdemeanor shoplifting? Is there a statute of limitations on misdemeanor shoplifting?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
If the judge ruled that my tenants had to vacate but they are appealing, what they are appealing? I am a Connecticut landlord. we went to trial and the judge ruled that my tenants had to vacate but they are appealing. Can you tell me what they are appealing?	Real Estate Questions	Connecticut
Can a person be charged with a felony without having first been arrested? Can a person be charged with a felony without having first been arrested?	Criminal Questions	New Mexico
If I Found out that my ex worked out a deal with the bank to keep the house, Do I still have claim? We separated June 2011. I filed for bankruptcy oct 2011, bankruptcy complete July 2012, Home in foreclosure, Husband still lives in it, Divorce final Aug 2012. House was not listed in divorce since it is in foreclosure. My name is still on the house. Found out that my ex has worked out a deal this week with the bank to keep the house. Do I still have claim to the house? We live in FL	Family Questions	Florida
If my father never paid child support, Is there anyway to lower what he owes? I'm 25 years old, and my father never paid child support. Is there anyway to lower what he owes? His case is in New York.	Family Questions	New York
Is it possible to be put on a deed to a house that my girlfriend purchased with her VA loan? Is it possible to be put on a deed to a house that my girlfriend purchased with her VA loan?  If so how does she protect herself if we split? Is there any legal way or document that would make it so she would have to buy me out?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
How would violations of software license agreements affect different areas of life? I have a question for class that ask: How would violations of software license agreements affect different areas of life/ economy, business, personal, and legal? I would like to have a clearer sense the legal processes of dealing with piracy. Will you help me to better understand this?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Georgia
If my ex files a harassment lawsuit on me, will it come out on a background check when applying for jobs? If my ex-girlfriend files a harassment lawsuit against me and a restraining order, will it come out on a background check when applying for jobs?	Criminal Questions	New York
What do I need to do to convince lenders it isn&#39;t a income property but a shop, art studio to qualify? I have been renting a home that I am trying to purchase and on property is an old worn down cottage that has a bathroom and kitchen included. I was thinking of making it an art studio but having problems getting a loan as single family. What do I need to do to convince lenders it isn't a income property but a shop, art studio to qualify?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
What to do if I am at my wits end and need to speak with someone in person? What to do if I am at my wits end and need to speak with someone in person?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Indiana
How to collect late rent from tenant? How do I collect rent from a tenant who is 2 months late?  I have sent 14 notices to terminate the lease.	Leasing Questions,Real Estate Questions	Alabama
When you go to a department store and purchase an item, what have you done according to contract law? When you go to a department store and purchase an item, what have you done according to contract law? How does this affect the common consumer?	Consumer Questions	Georgia
Question regarding an outstanding medical bill for an MRI in 2008 which my insurance refused to pay? I have an outstanding medical bill for an MRI in 2008 which my insurance refused to pay. I do not feel responsible to pay this because my doctor ordered it.  However, I am now trying to get into a house and this is in my way. Is is possible to negotiate a lower rate on this bill?	Personal Injury Questions	Utah
Question regarding as a single dad living in CA and wanting to relocate with my daughter to FL? I  am a single dad living in CA and want to relocate with my Daughter to FL. Her mother is currently in custody and has been for the last 4 months for 3 felony counts. Can I just pick up and go or will I still need a written consent from the mother and an order from the court to move?	Family Questions	California
I need to know my legal rights to my portion of my inheritance prior and after my mother passes away? I need to know my legal rights to my portion of m inheritance prior and after my mother passes away?	Family Questions	New York
Is a written note considered a legal lease agreement? Hi would like to know if you are able to tell me if a written note is considered a legal lease agreement?	Real Estate Questions	Rhode Island
Can wife sign both names to loan if husband not present? In the State of Oklahoma, may a wife sign her name as well as her husband's name to a loan/purchasing contract if the husband is not present to sign or must she have "power of attorney"  to make the signing of his name legal and binding?	Consumer Questions	Oklahoma
What is a federal Detainer agreement? What is a federal detainer agreement?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Can your employee hold your 2 week notice back if you change your mind about quitting? Can your employee hold your 2 week notice back if you change your mind about quitting?	Employment Questions	California
Can you demand that the homeowner turn the claim into their insurance? If you fall on a neighbor's property, can you demand that the homeowner turn the claim into their insurance?	Personal Injury Questions	South Carolina
Is there a Florida state law that mandates that motor vehicles must be parked on a pad? Is there a Florida state law that mandates that motor vehicles must be parked on a pad?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Is it illegal to view someone&#39;s email if they gave you the password? Is it illegal to view someone's email if they gave you the password?	Real Estate Questions	South Carolina
Lawsuit if a vet caused damage to my kitten&#39;s paw? A vet caused somewhat permanent damage to my kitten's paw and may lead to possible future amputation, is there a lawsuit here?	Personal Injury Questions	Illinois
Legal if I worked until 10:45 P.M. &amp; had to be back at 5:00 A.M.? I worked until 10:45 P.M. & had to be back at 5:00 A.M. Is this legal?	Employment Questions	Michigan
What is a rule 609 and 404b? What is a rule 609 and 404b?	Criminal Questions	Arizona
Advisable if We are completing a &quot;quit claim deed&quot; so that we can give up our interest in a property? We are completing aquit claim deed formso that we can give up our interest in a property for which we co-signed the mortgage. Is this advisable?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Can anyone leave the country if he has not been paying child support? Can anyone leave the country if he has not been paying child support?	Family Questions	Michigan
How do i go about getting my son back from his father who has no custody on my son? How do i go about getting my son back from his father who has no custody on my son?	Family Questions	North Carolina
If a man who is not the father sign the birth certificate would he still have to pay child support? If a man who is not the father sign the birth certificate would he still have to pay child support?	Family Questions	Indiana
Is it illegal to sell a car that does not have a catalytic converter and seller not disclose this to buyer? Is it illegal to sell a car in the state of New York that does not have a catalytic converter and seller not disclose this to buyer?	Consumer Questions	New Jersey
Can women use men&#39;s restrooms at will? Can women use men's restrooms at will?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Can a 17 year old pick up a dead bird? Can a 17 year old pick up a dead bird?	Employment Questions	Illinois
How many hours between shifts is required before returning to work? How many hours between shifts is required before returning to work?	Employment Questions	Oregon
Can my husband&#39;s ex-wife collect child support for the same child in 2 states? Can my husband's ex-wife collect child support for the same child in 2 states?	Family Questions	Georgia
How do I make a motion to change venue in response to a divorce petition? How do I make a motion to change venue in response to a divorce petition?	Family Questions	Virginia
How can i file a harassment lawsuit against my landlord? How can i file a harassment lawsuit against my landlord?	Criminal Questions	New York
Is there something i can do about me being put on child support 5 times by the same woman? Is there something i can do about me being put on child support 5 times by the same woman?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Am I entitled to get a death/suicide investigation scene report? In the state of Nevada, am I entitled to get a death/suicide investigation scene report? I've already got an autopsy report but something isn't sitting right with me.	Family Questions	Nevada
What does conspiracy to deliver schedule 2 narcotics in the state of Iowa? What does conspiracy to deliver schedule 2 narcotics in the state of Iowa?	Criminal Questions	Iowa
Is it legal to take my son out of the state of Utah? is it legal to take my son out of the state of Utah?	Family Questions	Nevada
Is it mandatory for employers to provide a 7 minute grace period for a time punch? Is it mandatory for employers to provide a 7 minute grace period for a time punch?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
If an adult tells other adults that my child has bought weed is that considered defamation of character? If an adult tells other adults that my child has bought weed is that considered defamation of character/slander?	Family Questions	Virginia
What do I have to do to get the labor law compliance board to come to my work to meet with my manager? What do I have to do to get the labor law compliance board to come to my work place to meet with me and my manager?	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
Can my employer write me up for smoking pot while I&#39;m off the clock? Can my employer write me up for smoking pot while I'm off the clock?	Employment Questions	Colorado
Are companies required by law to release hazardous waste disposal records upon request? Are companies required by law to release hazardous waste disposal records upon request?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
If I was holding money for a friend and now don&#39;t have the rest of it to pay back, what can happen? If I was holding money for a friend and now don't have the rest of it to pay back, what can happen?	Criminal Questions	Michigan
Can you subpoena deleted text messages without a lawsuit or any kind of legal action pending? Can you subpoena deleted text messages without a lawsuit or any kind of legal action pending?	Family Questions	Virginia
Can I sue my husband&#39;s mistress for having an affair with him? Can I sue my husband's mistress for having an affair with him?	Family Questions	Louisiana
As a pregnant teen at the age of 14 is it legal to marry the father of the baby? As a pregnant teen at the age of 14 is it legal to marry the father of the baby?	Family Questions	Kentucky
What&#39;s the age limit for a boy and girl to share a bedroom? What's the age limit for a boy and girl to share a bedroom?	Family Questions	Indiana
Do you have to probate a will that is named to one person all assets? do you have to probate a will that is named to one person all assets?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Illinois
When a trust is drawn up &amp; the Trustees get the original doc, is the lawyer&#39;s copy filed in the office? When a trust is drawn up and the Trustees get the original document, is the lawyer's copy just filed in the office or is it recorded?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
Illegal for a 23-year-old woman to date a 16-year-old boy in the state of Georgia? Is it Illegal for a 23-year-old woman to date a 16-year-old boy in the state of Georgia?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can i legally move out of my house at 17 years old? Can i legally move out of my house at 17 years old?	Family Questions	Missouri
Can I purchase the home without having to fly to Tennessee for closing if I live in Oregon? I live in Oregon but purchasing a home in Tennessee. I am not financing it. Can I purchase the home without having to fly to Tennessee for closing?	Real Estate Questions	Oregon
Question regarding paying child support to grandparents? If I paid child support to grandparents for a year then mother got Kids back now, do I owe back child support to grandparents who hasn't had kids for a year how is that?	Family Questions	Georgia
Do you have a doc that I can download that protects from being sued by people who work on my property? Do you have a document that I can download the protects me from being sued by people who work on my property?	Personal Injury Questions	Virginia
Can I get visitation rights to my two nieces? Can I get visitation rights to my two nieces?	Family Questions	Mississippi
Are there statute limitation for a traffic case that was settled in settled in September 13+9 2007? Are there statute limitation for a traffic case that was settled in settled in September 13+9 2007	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
How does one become emancipated in Colorado? How does one become emancipated in Colorado?	Family Questions	Colorado
What right do my 3 sons&#39; father have when he takes the children want let them go home? What right do my 3 sons' father have when he takes the children want let them go home? He signed the birth certificate but no child support,no paternity test done and he has no license	Family Questions	Missouri
How long can my employer hold on to the monies I have paid on company business? How long can my employer hold on to the monies I have paid on company business?  When can I expect payment once I submit my expense account ?	Employment Questions	California
What is the distance on a home-guard 200 house arrest bracelet? What is the distance on a home-guard 200 house arrest bracelet?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Can you get custody back of your children after they have adopted? Can you get custody back of your children after they have adopted?	Family Questions	Arkansas
If I am mentally and physically disabled and owe child support, can they hold me responsible? If I am mentally and physically disabled and owe child support, can they hold me responsible?	Family Questions	Arkansas
What can you do if you when a civil suit and the person does not pay you? What can you do if you when a civil suit and the person does not pay you?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Alabama
When going through a divorce does individual get to keep property if in their name only (house, car)? When going through a divorce does individual get to keep property if in their name only (house, car)?	Family Questions	Arkansas
What are my rights when renting a house with no lease? What are my rights when renting a house with no lease?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
Can a home be rented with no fire extinguisher and all the windows painted shut? Can a home be rented with no fire extinguisher and all the windows painted shut?	Real Estate Questions	Alabama
If I lost physical custody due to adultery, can I get this changed in the future? If I lost physical custody due to adultery, can I get this changed in the future?	Family Questions	Mississippi
What are my rights on being treated if I don&#39;t feel my probation officer has any respect for me? I don't feel my probation officer has any respect for me. What are my rights on being treated?	Criminal Questions	Connecticut
How do I get a divorce for free with Legal Aid? How do I get a divorce for free with Legal Aid?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can I get screamed at? Can I get screamed at?	Employment Questions	Alabama
Can FOC surcharges be credited to the rears? Can FOC surcharges be credited to the rears?	Family Questions	Michigan
How long does a no contact order last in Florida? How long does a no contact order last in Florida?	Criminal Questions	Florida
Which tenant receives the security deposit if one moves out when 2 people enter lease together? if two people enter into a lease agreement together and one moves out before the lease is up, which tenant receives the security deposit?	Real Estate Questions	California
Can I sue a co for fraud that are holding a check from the sale of a timeshare and refuse to send the check? Can I sue a co for fraud that are holding a check from the sale of a timeshare and refuse to send the check?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Minnesota
Is there any land left to homestead in the U.S. including Alaska? Is there any land left to homestead in the U.S. including Alaska?	Personal Injury Questions	New Mexico
Can I get emancipated at the age of 17 in Oklahoma as long as i have a job and i am a full time student? is there any possible way i can get emancipated at the age of 17 in Oklahoma as long as i have a job and i am a full time student?	Personal Injury Questions	Oklahoma
What happens if I tell my insurance that my car door was open when they stole my car? What happens if I tell my insurance that my car door was open when they stole my car?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
Can I sue for my property if infested with bedbugs when just moving In when landlord knew? Can I sue for my property if infested with bedbugs when just moving In? The landlord knew about them but never disclosed this information.	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	New York
In the state of Louisiana can a parent force their minor (Age 14) to give her baby up for adoption? In the state of Louisiana can a parent force their minor (Age 14) to give her baby up for adoption?	Family Questions	Louisiana
Am I suppose to get my late mother&#39;s rings as I&#39;m the only daughter? Am I suppose to get my late mother's rings as I'm the only daughter?	Family Questions	Kentucky
Is it harassment if the other party is talking or texting back? Is it harassment if the other party is talking or texting back?	Criminal Questions	Utah
How can I find my 17-year-old runaway as he&#39;s been missing for 4 months now? How can I find my 17-year-old runaway as he's been missing for 4 months now?	Family Questions	North Carolina
Can I rent a home from a school district employee if I am an elected School Board member in Florida? I am an elected School Board member in Florida. Can I rent a home from a school district employee?	Employment Questions	Florida
What do I do if I was a victim of workplace violence &amp; suffered mild conclusion and contusions? I was a victim of workplace violence on 10-06-12 & suffered mild conclusion and contusions. What do I do?	Criminal Questions	Minnesota
Is there a motion that can be filed to stop my ex from harassing me via my child which lands us into court? Is there a motion that can be filed to stop my ex husband from harassing me via my child which lands us into court? This is in Illinois	Family Questions	Illinois
Is slander criminal or civil in state of Louisiana? Is slander criminal or civil in state of Louisiana?	Criminal Questions	Louisiana
Can my landlord break my lease because he&#39;s getting a divorce and he need some where to live? Can my landlord break my lease because he's getting a divorce and he need some where to live so he wants the house back? I've never been late nor behind.	Family Questions	Florida
Is it illegal to have a bed in the living room of a trailer in the state of Michigan? Is it illegal to have a bed in the living room of a trailer in the state of Michigan?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
Does a court system have to help you if you have depression? Does a court system have to help you if you have depression?	Criminal Questions	Montana
Can a volunteer firefighter in new york get up and leave place of employment at anytime for a call? Can a volunteer firefighter in new york get up and leave place of employment at anytime for a call?	Employment Questions	New York
can the landlord take ones belongings and keep them? Can the landlord take ones belongings and keep them if you had to leave your apartment due to your family being unsafe staying there because of other tenants?	Real Estate Questions	Tennessee
Who stays the house my husband and I rent if we get a divorce? I live in Ohio and my husband and I rent. He wants a divorce and wants me to leave. I want to keep the house. Who stays?	Real Estate Questions	Ohio
If I get married and then get an annulment will any of my financial holdings or tax holdings be affected? If I get married and then get an annulment will any of my financial holdings or tax holdings be affected?	Family Questions	Oregon
Can a partner get paid for work done on property they own? Can a partner get paid for work done on property they own?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Alaska
If my husband died and he had no will who gets his property the spouse or the son? If my husband died and he had no will who gets his property the spouse or the son?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How do I go about withdrawing money from deceased mom&#39;s old bank account? How do I go about withdrawing money from deceased mom's old bank account? I have her Death Certificate and I am listed in will. We are in Florida and the bank is Wells Fargo?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Is my landlord allowed to park his boat in my garage and use one room in my house for storage? Is my landlord allowed to park his boat in my garage and use one room in my house for storage?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Can I get my divorce without doing custody issues? In the state of North Carolina can I get my divorce without doing custody issues? If so how?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How long can a landlord not fix hot water tank? How long can a landlord not fix hot water tank?	Real Estate Questions	Washington
Is living together consider common law marriage? Is living together consider common law marriage?	Family Questions	Alabama
Spouse of an administrator have the right to go into the heir&#39;s father&#39;s home &amp; remove contents of house? Does the spouse of an administrator have the right to go into the heir's father's home and remove contents of the house?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Georgia
Can an employer require an employee to monagram the company logo on their labcoat at their expense? Can an employer require an employee to monagram the company logo on their labcoat or scrubs at the employees expense?	Employment Questions	Missouri
After i submit the form fl-170 what is next and how long is it going to take for the final of my divorce? After i submit the form fl-170 what is next and how long is it going to take for the final of my divorce?	Family Questions	California
How long can someone leave items without coming back before they are considered abandoned? in the state of North Carolina,  How long can someone leave items at your home without coming back or even inquiring about them before they are considered abandoned?	Real Estate Questions	North Carolina
Is there anyway I can receive child support in my name and not my mother&#39;s when I&#39;m 17? I am 17 years old. Is there anyway I can receive child support in my name and not my mother's?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
In the state of AK can my vehicles be repossessed if they are in my backyard fence in with a locked gate? In the state of AK can my vehicles be repossessed if they are in my backyard fence in with a locked gate?	Consumer Questions	Arkansas
Can I sue my employer? Can I sue my employer? A tempered glass plate fell on my feet at my desk. I am currently wearing a boot, on pain medication, and I am about to start physical therapy to help me walk without the boot.	Employment Questions	Georgia
Are twin halo headlights legit to use while in motion in Baltimore city? Are twin halo headlights legit to use while in motion in Baltimore city?	Criminal Questions	Maryland
What do I do to stop a boss bully? What do I do to stop a boss bully?	Employment Questions	Maryland
What can I do if I was wrongfully terminated? I was wrongfully  terminated. What can I do?	Employment Questions	California
What is a guardian of light? What is a guardian of light?	Family Questions	Mississippi
Possible for a 17-year-old to marry a 19-year-old without parental consent in any state in the US? is it Possible for a 17-year-old to marry a 19-year-old without parental consent in any state in the US?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
How do I file a motion to dismiss in a criminal circuit court case in Tennessee? How do I file a motion to dismiss in a criminal circuit court case in Tennessee?	Criminal Questions	Tennessee
How do I regain custody of my children that I voluntarily gave temporary guardianship to in WV? How do I regain custody of my children that I voluntarily gave temporary guardianship to in West Virginia?	Family Questions	West Virginia
Can I be demoted from the job I have if I refuse to go back to school? Can I be demoted from the job I have if I refuse to go back to school?	Employment Questions	Michigan
As an employee in a Louisiana public school is it legal for me to video my coworker without consent? As an employee in a Louisiana public school is it legal for me to video my coworker without consent?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
When applying for bankruptcy do you file both secured or only unsecured debt? When applying for bankruptcy do you file both secured or only unsecured debt?	Consumer Questions	Virginia
Can I sign away my parental rights to children if I haven&#39;t seen or ever talked to in over 7 years? Can I sign away my parental rights to children if I haven't seen or ever talked to in over 7 years? She won't let me see them or talk to them but I am struggling with paying child support and trying to take care of my family. She lives in Wyoming and I live in Oregon	Family Questions	Oregon
What options do I have if I am a beneficiary in my grandfather&#39;s trust but I was never given any money? Well, I am a beneficiary in my grandfather's trust. But I was never given any money. What options do I have?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
Are 12 hour shifts legal with no overtime pay in the healthcare? Are 12 hour shifts legal with no overtime pay in the healthcare?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
How long does the renter pay rent if we can start legal process to evict the renter out? How long does the renter pay rent if we can start legal process to evict the renter out?	Real Estate Questions	Virginia
Do I have to pay full rent if I did not receive all amenities promised in my lease? Do I have to pay full rent if I did not receive all amenities promised in my lease for half of the rental month?	Real Estate Questions	Illinois
Does an employee have to find their own replacement when calling out sick? Does an employee have to find their own replacement when calling out sick?	Employment Questions	Massachusetts
If someone is asking you to give them a dna test for your child, do you have to give them one? If someone is asking you to give them a dna test for your child, do you have to give them one?	Family Questions	New York
Can the father of a child take the child away from the mother if she is around people that do drugs? Can the father of a child take the child away from the mother if she is around people that do drugs but is not doing drugs herself?	Family Questions	Mississippi
If you are on a 10 year denial for a felony DWI, possible to get your license back before the 10 years? If you are on a 10 year denial for a felony DWI, is it possible to get your license back before the 10 years are up?	Criminal Questions	Missouri
Can I remove parts from my vehicle? i want to know if i can remove parts from my vehicle? It's a 03 corolla i owe to finance $2500 but i had just rebuild motor.	Consumer Questions	California
Would the mother be allowed to take the child with her out of state until custody issues are resolved? According to West Virginia state law, would the mother be allowed to take the child with her out of state until custody and divorce issues are resolved?	Family Questions	West Virginia
If I have a car lease and I want to make a trade in with that car what do I have to this car owner? If I have a car lease and I want to make a trade in with that car what do I have to this car owner?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	California
Can my spouse have more days in custody of my child if i am living with my boyfriend Can my spouse have more days custody of my child if i am living with my boyfriend and we have been divorcing for a year know?	Family Questions	California
What is the dollar limit of an estate to qualify as a &quot;small estate&quot;? What is the dollar limit of an estate to qualify as a "small estate"?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Florida
If i take the parenting class in Georgia where I live, will it be valid in Florida where I&#39;m getting divorced in? I live in Georgia but I am getting divorced in Florida. if i take the parenting class in Georgia will it be valid in Florida?	Family Questions	Georgia
What to do if I&#39;m constantly being blamed for things at work when it&#39;s piles up and speak with nasty tones? I am constantly being blamed for things at work. They pile me with work speak to me in nasty tones.	Employment Questions	Pennsylvania
What would the legal charge be if a transgender female is caught using the women&#39;s restroom? in NC what would the legal charge be if a transgender female is caught using the women's restroom?	Criminal Questions	North Carolina
How Long do you have to be at work in Minnesota before you can collect benefits from Unemployment? How Long do you have to be at work in Minnesota before you can collect benefits from Unemployment? I have been here at this large corporation for 6 months.Also, I want to quit due to the job being a very unhealthy environment. We are only aloud to use the bathroom 5 min outside of our half hour break. I have documentation stating that we are not allowed to use our vacation , floating holidays or sick time or we will be fired. I printed all this info is this all I need and would I qualify for unemployment. I have 2 children and don't want to be penniless. I am applying for other jobs but no luck as of yet.	Employment Questions	Minnesota
If married on parole can they keep us apart with separate cases? If married on parole can they keep us apart with separate cases?	Criminal Questions	New York
If I am selling my house By Owner, How much does it cost for an attorney to handle the closing? If I am selling my house By Owner, How much does it cost for an attorney to handle the closing, and what is the correct procedure?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What happens with the escrow deposit in FL if a seller cancels a contract before the closing date? What happens with the escrow deposit in FL if a seller cancels a contract before the closing date?	Real Estate Questions	Florida
What should i do if I can&#39;t get my court app lawyer to help or even talk to me? i cant get my court app lawyer to help or even talk to me. What should i do?	Criminal Questions	Indiana
If a trust states that all taxes are to be paid from the estate then where does the money come from? If a trust states that all taxes are to be paid from the estate then where does the money come from? Eight people were named in the will. Is it fair for the executor to sell a house left to one of the 8 people? Why should one person be responsible for the taxes and end up with nothing?	Wills and Trusts Questions	Pennsylvania
Does anything need to be filled out in divorce papers to change name back to maiden? Does anything need to be filled out in divorce papers to change name back to maiden?	Family Questions	Missouri
How can I get defective furniture replaced? How can I get defective furniture replaced?	Consumer Questions	California
How long can you be held in jail before seeing a judge? How long can you be held in jail before seeing a judge?	Criminal Questions	Kansas
Legal if my landlord is keeping my security deposit cause one of the original tenants moved out? My landlord is keeping my security deposit because one of the original tenants on the lease has moved out. Is this legal?	Real Estate Questions	Alaska
What to do if I am having problems getting things fixed at my trailer &amp; my landlord keeps putting it off? What to do if I am having problems getting things fixed at my trailer and my landlord keeps putting it off?	Real Estate Questions	Georgia
What is the standard amount of hours an employer can make an employee work overtime? What is the standard amount of hours an employer can make an employee work overtime?	Employment Questions	Illinois
When you are allowed a vacation do you work 2 days of the week you are on vacation? When you are allowed a vacation do you work 2 days of the week you are on vacation?	Employment Questions	Ohio
Can an employer obligate an employee to get a flu shot? Can an employer obligate an employee to get a flu shot?	Employment Questions	Colorado
what form do I need to remove a restraining order in FL? what form do I need to remove a restraining order in FL?	Family Questions	New York
can you be charged with concealed consumption when i was free to go? can you be charged with concealed consumption when i was free to go?	Criminal Questions	Georgia
Can I sue the USPS for discrimination and harassment? Can I sue the USPS for discrimination and harassment?Asked about 3 hours ago - Washington, DCI worked for the USPS for 1 year as a PSE. From my 3RD day of service, until the day my appointment ended, I was harassed on a daily basis regarding the dress code. NO OTHER employee was required to follow this dress code as I was. I was paraded around to look for cover ups, as well as sent home and reprimanded and I was never in violation of the dress code. Other employees were allowed to work all day in the same clothes I was being sent home for. I spoke to supervisors, area managers, district managers, as well as filed several grievances to no avail. I know my rights were violated, just wanna know if I have a legal leg to stand on.	Employment Questions	District of Columbia
Where can i file a case for the Fema trailers formaldehyde exposure in Louisiana, Orleans Parish? Where can i file a case for the Fema trailers formaldehyde exposure in Louisiana, Orleans Parish?	Personal Injury Questions	Louisiana
Is it illegal to refurbish old mattresses? Is it illegal to refurbish old mattresses?	Criminal Questions	Illinois
If a defendant served time and then bail is reduced does the time spent count towards time served? If a defendant has served time and then bail is reduced and after the trial he is sent back to jail does the time spent prior in jail count towards time served?	Criminal Questions	New York
in CO is there anything i can do to prevent my ex-wife from having an abortion? in CO is there anything i can do to prevent my ex-wife from having an abortion?	Family Questions	Colorado
Is it a law in MA that an employer must supply each employee with personal days? Is it a law in MA that an employer must supply each employee with personal days?	Employment Questions	New Hampshire
What does a 16 yr old child need to do to emancipate herself? What does a 16 yr old child need to do to emancipate herself?	Family Questions	North Carolina
How can my husband who is active duty military adopt my 7 year old son? How can my husband who is active duty military adopt my 7 year old son?	Family Questions	Georgia
Can you be charged with trafficking when no monies was discussed and narcotics were taken not given? Can you be charged with trafficking when no monies was discussed or exchanged and narcotics were taken not given?	Criminal Questions	Kentucky
Sue If my job has immigrants workers, no food handlers &amp; doesn&#39;t wear gloves during food prep? If I know my job has immigrants workers, No food handlers cards & do not wear gloves during food prep can I sue ?	Employment Questions	Virginia
Is it illegal for an employer to give you a scheduled time in, but not a scheduled time out? Is it illegal for an employer to give you a scheduled time in, but not a scheduled time out?	Employment Questions	Louisiana
Can I have my child support reduced or dropped since my ex-wife and i live in the same house with our kids? Can I have my child support reduced or dropped since my ex-wife and i live in the same house with our kids?	Family Questions	Florida
What would happen if one of the parents was positive for marijuana in a custody case? What would happen if one of the parents was positive for marijuana in a custody case? Would that be a big deal for the other person?	Family Questions	Pennsylvania
Obtain POA for my niece if my uncle no longer wants to provide for her &amp; place her in foster care? How would I obtain power of attorney for my niece if my uncle no longer wants to provide for her and is trying to place her into foster care?	Family Questions	New York
During a search and seizure with no warrant what is protocol for opening items such as safes? During a search and seizure in Colorado with no warrant what is protocol for opening items such as safes?	Criminal Questions	Colorado
Can I sue the lottery if I can prove the overall odds are not correct and what kind of lawyer do I get? Can I sue the lottery if I can prove the overall odds are not correct and what kind of lawyer do I get?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Florida
Since I&#39;m of age can I sue for child support that I never received? Since I'm of age can I sue for child support that I never received?	Family Questions	West Virginia
In Florida how does a commercial 3 day eviction work if I cannot be out by the 3 days? In Florida how does a commercial 3 day eviction work if I cannot be out by the 3 days?	Corporate Questions,Securities Questions	Florida
What to do if I want to go file a review for custody but I don&#39;t have a lawyer? What to do if I want to go file a review for custody but I don't have a lawyer?	Family Questions	North Carolina
in the state of Delaware, who pays for the cost of exterminating bed bugs in an apartment building? in the state of Delaware, who pays for the cost of exterminating bed bugs in an apartment building?	Real Estate Questions	Delaware
What to do if my ex girlfriend is taking for child support and i take care of my kids? What to do if my ex girlfriend is taking for child support and i take care of my kids?	Family Questions	New York
What to do if I want to add someone to my deed? What to do if I want to add someone to my deed?	Employment Questions	New York
How many hours in 24 can you work if I was working 17/12 with 6 hour breaks? How many hours in 24 can you work if I was working 17/12 with 6 hour breaks?	Personal Injury Questions	Missouri
How can one woman collect child support in 3 different states for the same child and neither state knows? How can one woman collect child support in 3 different states for the same child and neither state knows? How do I stop this ?	Family Questions	Indiana
If I have joint legal and physical custody do they pay child support? If I have joint legal and physical custody do they pay child support?	Family Questions	North Carolina
For writ of bodily attachment of not paying child support, can the writ be removed by filing bankruptcy? if you have a writ of bodily attachment for not paying child support and alimony and jewelry can the writ be removed by filing for bankruptcy?	Family Questions	Florida
Can my girlfriend take my son out of state and not bring him back? Can my girlfriend take my son out of state and not bring him back? We have lived together since his birth.	Family Questions	Alabama
Can two parents pay child support for the same child at the same time? Can two parents pay child support for the same child at the same time?	Family Questions	Florida
If my daughter&#39;s dadlives in a different state can i put him on child support? If my daughter's dadlives in a different state can i put him on child support?	Family Questions	Illinois
When selling a two family house is it mandatory that two refrigerators and two stoves be left? When selling a two family house is it mandatory that two refrigerators and two stoves be left?	Real Estate Questions	New York
In my divorce papers does my husband &amp; i have to list assets and liabilities if there are none and we agree? In my divorce papers does my husband and i have to list assets and liabilities if there are none and we agree?	Family Questions	Florida
Are Louisiana laws changing regarding felony charges? Are Louisiana laws changing regarding felony charges?  For time  given  in 2004, do you have to serve all the time?Thank you	Criminal Questions	Illinois
How old do you have to be to live with your boyfriend out of state with parent consent? How old do you have to be to live with your boyfriend out of state with parent consent?	Family Questions	Oklahoma
Can I trademark my company name? Can I trademark my company name?	Copyright Questions,Intellectual Property Questions,Patent Questions,Trademark Questions	Colorado
What should i do if I&#39;m being served a subpoena and threatened with criminal charges in a civil matter? What should i do if I'm being served a subpoena and threatened with criminal charges in a civil matter?	Consumer Questions	Missouri
If father has joint custody rights, can mother keep father from seeing the child? If father has joint custody rights, can mother keep father from seeing the child?	Family Questions	Arkansas
Can they still require a 30 day notice if they are evicting me? I Was given 3day notice of intent to evict from my apartment for violation of my lease, messy apartment. I was on a month to month lease. I was out in three days. Now they are saying I owe a next months rent because I did not give the required 30 days notice. I live in grand forks north Dakota.  Can they still require a 30 day notice if they are evicting me?	Real Estate Questions	North Dakota
Can I send a dept validation letter after 2 years of making payments to a collection service? Can I send a dept validation letter after 2 years of making payments to a collection service?	Consumer Questions	California
What is the Wyoming state law for who pays for uniforms that are required to be worn? What is the Wyoming state law for who pays for uniforms that are required to be worn?	Employment Questions	Wyoming
If my uncle has blocked my number and he is the trustor of my account what should I do to get my info? If my uncle has blocked my phone number and he is the trustor of my account what should I do to get my account information?	Wills and Trusts Questions	California
in a warranty deed, what does &quot; fee simple to the survivor of them&quot; mean? in awarranty deed, what does " fee simple to the survivor of them" mean?	Real Estate Questions	Kentucky
What do i do if the mechanic has had my car for four months and keeps hanging up on me? What do i do if the mechanic has had my car for four months and every-time i contact him something else is keeping him from being done?	Commercial Questions,Contract Questions	Georgia
What are the tax charges on the sale of a house in Colorado? What are the tax charges on the sale of a house in Colorado?  I was told that on Jan 1, the buyer has to pay a 3% tax.  Is that true?	Tax Questions	Colorado
Can I put a lock box on a thermostat at a rental if I am paying the utility? Can I put a lock box on a thermostat at a rental if I am paying the utility?	Real Estate Questions	Michigan
